Followed directions, did not work as advertised.
I used to have a much used & well loved OXO cookie scoop that was lost in our last move. I bought another in October and took it out today to use for my Christmas baking. It fell apart like other reviewers have complained on the third cookie. I'm very disappointed with the quality of the new product.
It typically works for a few turns and then nothing comes out after that. I would shake it to try to get peppercorns to feed but that never really helped much. Only emptying it, clearing the neck and reloading it would get it working again for a few more turns. Seems like the neck is too narrow and gets clogged inside. I finally tossed it out because even the disposable McCormick pepper grinder works consistently without all the fuss.
Very difficult to clean.
It does not work. When i plugged in it shows the status light but it does not work. very disappointed with the purchase.
I was gently drying with a paper towel the residual water off of it, and the glass shattered. Only a bit over a month and using it sporadically. Too fragile !!! I wish it would come with a replacement. Aesthetically is beautiful but it's not durable. I do not recommend.
Please send another one with all the items. I still need the product.
Very disappointed. Did not work with my black and decker blender as stated. When I used it, my blender started smoking. When I investigated the issue I realized that the rubber around blade had shredded and melted! I did not want to give it ANY stars. do not waste your money!
Product damaged (chipped glass) when washing on top dishwasher shelf after only a few weeks. Inferior materials and product. I am very displeased with the quality of this item. This happened to several items in our set so not a “one off” defect.
I bought these as a gift and was sadly disappointed when they arrived. They were basically cheap plastic and looked the same. I returned them and bought a thicker glass made product.
I ordered from Amazon because the only 5oz cups locally seem to be child oriented and not for an adult bathroom. Ha! My dixie cups have riddles on them and are as cartoonish as the ones I could have bought down the street. I'm throwing them out and getting a hard plastic cup. So mean to send something other than was pictured!!!
If you buy one of these, be sure and get the one with the shatter proof insert. I got one with the glass insert which developed a crack after not more than a dozen uses!
Nice product but does not have door hangers so we can't hang it.
Buy this if you want toast that is half cooked, but the half that is cooked is burned. This product, set to the lowest setting, burns the outside of frozen waffles while the inside remains cold. I didn't even know that was possible. Also, standard-size bread does not fit in the slots. So be prepared to hover around this thing to stop it early AND to turn the bread around to cook both ends. Just a poorly-designed product. I had an old $6 toaster that did great for many years. I hoped this would be like that (but obviously more expensive). It was not.
Disappointed with the quality. To late to send it back.
Paper thin and worthless
I wrote a review that was deleted. So, here's another attempt. This is such a wonderful product. Buy as many as you can, and then buy some more for gifts. You will be ecstatic.
i had an issue with item and it was never resolved and contacted seller by there customer service and they said they would resolve but never did and then blocked me so i couldn't send them any other messages, very glad i ordered through amazon prime so it can be resolved this way
This product does not leave hardly any imprint and is totally gone once the cookies bake!!!! Wish I could get my money back! Do not buy this item!!!!! Again do not buy this item!!!
I was expecting these magnets to have a firm grip on the side of my Fridge, but they slide to much. Also the clips are flimsy.
Not as advertised. By non stick they mean it'll stick every time. I put eggs in without oil and I had to dig them off the pan. A touch of cooking oil and the pan works fine. But that's not what I was looking fo
Put meat directly on tray after 2 hours still frozen. I put chicken breast directly on tray. Waisted my money. Guess if I want fast de-frost I have to use microwave.
Not what I ordered. Not Bormioli Rocco glasses. FIVE of the 12 glasses were broken.
It is not working at all. Terrible product!
Item showed up with no filter. I put in a request for a replacement. Once I get this setup finally I will update
It doesn't work Just they take money ! sorry for amazon to sell like this items .
Hard to seal. When I finally got them sealed they did not stay sealed.
Every time I placed my order item were delivered broken
This pan performed well the first 3 times used maybe, then everything sticks, not a non-stick pan at all.
I like mixer but beater broke 3rd time I used it. I was making frosting so was soft ingredients. Appears rusty, weak solder joint . Contacted Aicok and they said they didn't sell accessories but would send out returned mixer that had good beaters. That was 2 months ago and now the seem to be backing out of doing anything. Save your money. Beaters are defective.
Never received the item I ordered
Was sold on this item when advertised with a 50 recipe book. Came with nothing, not even a link for download. Needless to say I'm disappointed.
Heats very unevenly on our glass-top stove. Had a horrible time trying to cook pancakes, some were under-done, some burned. It's smaller than I expected -- it really only fits three or four pancakes at once (my old electric griddle easily fit six). I also don't like the extra maintenance requirements (wiping it down with oil after every wash). I do not recommend this griddle.
Starting braking within 1 month
This product looks good at face value but didn't last me 6 months. I think I need to have a refund.
This was a birthday gift and it came broken in pieces! I felt so bad about it I didn't tell my daughter! Otherwise I think it would hav been a very cute mug!
the instant pot mini pot holders are worthless. You can actually feel the heat wearing them almost burning your fingers. I have an instant pot and i was surprised mitts wer such poor quality
Lunch box arrived today with a jagged, very sharp broken zipper pull. Would have cut a child most certainly. When I held the pull to take the photo the pull fell right off. Otherwise the lunch box looked great.
This pan worked great ... for four months. We followed care instructions perfectly, always washed it by hand and never with a rough sponge. However, already, any and all food sticks to the bottom and creates a mess every time we cook with it. So disappointed with this purchase and cannot recommend to anyone.
Received an open and used one..... i ordered and was charged for a new one. $60 is way too much for this item used.
The straws came in broken , how I suppose to give my child dirty straws. I was not happy with delivery.
Worked great. Once. Then stopped working. Major waste of money and I'm irritated because it was a gift. Don't bother.
I have purchased 4 of these, the claim to work for hot liquids however 3 of them cracked on the first use and fell apart. The plastic does not withstand drinkable coffee temps.. I'm not a huge hot freak, but these did not last.
they came in an amazon package, when I opened it, the candles came out and 2 were broken, the bag they came in, was even ripped.. not cool
Very poor workmanship
Very cheap and flimsy. It didn't last for an hour
This coffee maker has many issues. I have been doing French press for years. I just imagined that all the drip coffee makers would have a timer. If I have to be there to start it I might as well do French press right? I know that's my fault to a degree. But the next problem is the pot and the lid. What kind of certifiable lunatic would make the pot so it won't fit if the lid is on? So when you are done brewing I guess you have to immediately discard the rinds or just let it drip everywhere. It would also be nice if I could fit my hand in the pot to clean it. I by no means have giant hands. I just bought this and used it twice and I already have great disdain for this product imagine this will be exacerbated with time.
Worked okay, but is very hard to clean the window.
I bought this at the end of June. Amazon will only take it back in the first 30 days. I only used it 4 or 5 times, and it quit working. I was told to call the manufacture. So I called on November 4, 2018 and was told it was most likely a fuse, and have STILL not received the fuse to fix it. So I called today and they needed the name of the person I talked to in NOVEMBER!! So after researching that I was told "she no longer works here". Then I was told to take the unit APART and take a picture and send it to this woman's cell phone?? In all my years I have NEVER heard of a policy like this. So make sure you look at the replacement/return policy. I have ALWAYS had good luck with Amazon, but I will NEVER buy this BRAND again.
Did not work when I got it and they won't let me return it
Broken after 1 year of light use, doesn't pressurize anymore.
Threw them away after failing to protect crust.
It is so hot!!! My mother can't hold it with hands. When I tried I was angry I was deceived by this product.... it is not functional at all. Double layer doesn't function at all and it was gift to my mother so I didn't return it but really upset about this product. Hot hot hot
This doesn't fit my Keurig coffee machine when it says it does!! I want my money back!!!
Box was full of broken glass. I could hear pieces before I even opened it. They are not packed to protect them at the manufacturer. Set up return same day and bought different glasses.
This was never shipped to me so I have no idea how it works.
I returned this because it was horribly slow, even with new batteries. It barely frothed 1% milk, so I doubt it would froth regular milk or creamer which is thicker.
This mug was sent with no protection and in a thin mailer. Horrible. Came instantly broken into pieces.
Most of the utensils looked good but the wire wisk handle came apart when using it the first time. Not worth a penny.
this product is not working dnt buy, waste of money
I threw the garbage grinder away because all it does is squeak and it doesn't even grind half of the time 0/10
not ordered by me....ordered by my grand daughter
I order hundreds of items from amazon every year and usually leave no reviews, but I am compelled to write about this item. As other mentioned, the glass is extremely thin and feels like it will crack at any point. The metal cover doesnt sit securely on the glass and it feels like there should be another piece holding the metal to the glass, otherwise if you lift the lid, the entire contraption lifts up. If the teapot is anywhere 3/4 full or more - watch out because it will leak no matter how hard you try. It feels like the good reviews either received another item or are fake.
Extremely disappointed as this gift that I purchased for my daughter for Christmas, was dirty and had food (or what looked like food) stuck in the blender attachment. What's even worse is my daughter just opened the blender this weekend to use for a recipe, so it's already passed the return window. Won't be buying from this company again in the future!
Piece of crap. when trying to pick a pet every button did the same thing and no way to pick a pet.
I sent this to my daughter and it showed up in the manufacturer's box!!! No Amazon box at all!!!! Needless to say, I am furious!
Did not work for me.
Love the look but not good quality. The 1st one I ordered arrived broken. Got a replacement and it only lasted about 2 months. The return period is closed and now I'm stuck with two pieces of marble. 😠
Worked great for about 6 weeks and now no longer heats and too late to return .
This is very cheap looking. I expected something sturdy.
These are by far the worst plates I ever saw. Quality is horrible and the plates are poorly made not worth the money you pay.
Very bad cookware set. Nowhere near non stick product. Used for several months and very disappointed. Would like very must to receive a refund....Horrible!!!
Loved this little machine. It replaced a Keurig - I hated the taste of the pod coffee. I love using freshly ground beans in the Ninja. The controls are simple and clearly labeled and the machine is easy to operate. The milk frother is easy to operate and clean. The large travel mug is useful for brewing two cups of coffee. The 4 oz setting with frothed milk is almost a real latte! The machine does not use a lot of counter space. And the price is very reasonable. However!!!! After less than 12 months of use, the water container cracked, the drip stop leaks, the clean light turns on weekly, and a significant amount of liquid remains in the filter after the machine beeps.
I am upset. The paella pan has two large dents in it.
The material on the exterior feels cheap and not what I expected. I order the extra large striped bags and got these instead. Returning as soon as possible.
Fell apart after first use
These are very large mouthed straws. I thpught they were regular size, but they are more of a smoothie or larger type of straw. I'm not sure who needs a straw this large.
Never did received this item as ordered. Did get my money back from Amazon
Turned black quickly. Not durable for high heat
It's a good product it was just way smaller than I thought it would be.
Don't waste your money on these. Extremely thin and cheaply made. Arrived already cracked and damaged. You are better off to spend a little more for a better quality product.
The single serve portion splatters coffee everywhere (when it works properly), and will clog up 8 out of 10 times, therefor you have grounds everywhere and it's not easy to clean up.
Received an order for replacement bottle and 25 bullets and spray bottle did not work. I love my FON but this spray bottle is so cheap.
Recieved a tiny cake pan size. I've ordered before there was no mistake. No response to fix the issue.
They suck Evan at 300 degrees it melts shitty bags that I need to throw away almost 30 of them cause they can't handle ever 300 degrees
Not properly packaged. It came in just a plastic bag. Visible scatches and burrs. Grinding works great. Don't send as a gift. Totally unacceptable at this price range compared to others.
This product mostly does what it is supposed to: count down time, but... Too many steps to set the timer, too many opportunities to have to start over. I want to enter the time and push start. I do the same time often but if this goes to the clock the timers all zero. You have to go through the long process every time you want to set a timer. I would send it back but I mistakenly assumed that it would work like other timers and tossed the packaging. Best I can do is warn you dear reader. Not useful as a kitchen timer
They sent me the wrong mug and it came broken besides. I ordered a nana mug and received an aunt one. I get AWEFUL. It was my mother's christmas gift I sent to her house in Texas.
Very small. Not easy to clean the silverware holder.
Complete junk the grill protective lining comes off as you clean it. Dangerous for your health
these are the worse plastic spoons I've ever bought/used. if you're only stirring coffee or eating cereal you'll be ok....anything else and they will break
BEWARE - I have been ordering this Alessi kettle for 20+ years and this is most definitely a fake. The bird for the kettle melted over the course of a month. The weight of the kettle is lighter than previous kettles (purchased direct with Alessi) and the overall kettle feels cheap and flimsy. Purchase this kettle direct through Alessi and spend the extra money to get the real thing.
Bought the coffe maker April 26, worked great until today, August 3, quit working, blue start light just keeps flashing.
The handle ripped off after just a month of use.
Received went to blow up for granddaughters party it had a small hole on the top of the balloon couldn't use for the party bought it for nothing disappointing
Absolutely horrible, the whole container barely kept a 16 ounce bottle of water cool. Threw them in the trash, garbage. Buyer beware.
It broke after only having it for 3 weeks.
It was sent in a large box with a little bubble wrap around it totally shattered ..not a smart way to send in the mail you think?? Disappointed
This product does not create spiral noodles at all. It creates curls of the vegetable. The directions provided are insufficient and minimal. Worst amazon purchase ever!!
This product does not work too large for my kureig
beautiful color and arrived very quickly... but I can't get the lid off...
Item sent was 10 food storage containers
Bought in January and now the numbers are not showing.
This product didn't work and the battery hookup seemed defective. It seemed cheaply made
Bought this in February and two weeks after we got it had to get a replacement as blades broke. Well got the replacement and today the blade broke again.
Do not buy this grinder!!! It started jamming up within 3 months of purchasing. I have to stick a butter knife in the grinder and manually mash the coffee that gets stuck at the bottom of the grinder to try to get it to work...then it jams again. Stay clear of this grinder. Spend your money wisely on another grinder.
FYI- These rings are slightly bigger. Does not give the snug fitting as the clear original ring does.
I purchased this item for my classroom. When It arrived, it was much smaller than I expected. Upon trying to return it a message came up that it was not returnable. Nowhere could I find in the product description, that it was not returnable. Thank you Amazon for refunding my money anyway.
Wrong product sent from warehouse. Size of a post it note. Would not recommend.
It broke after 5 month of use
This tool are made of cheap plastic, not good for regular use, some come apart when been used, if you want good tools, Don't get this!
broke first wk..useless now
THE CARAFE WAS OKAY,I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE SIMILAR TO THE ONE THAT I BROKE.IT IS SMALLER,I WOULD LOVE TO HAVE THE SAME AS BEFORE.
Had the scale for only a few weeks and it started to miss weigh and now it won't weigh at all personally I would save your money and go for a higher grade
Worked for about 3 months and then both came off weeks apart. Followed direction exactly.
After removing this item from the box, I washed the part by screwing it to the cup containing soapy warm water & shaking it. When I unscrewed the blade the black rubber gasket dropped off - fell off, came apart. After 10 minutes of trying to thread it back onto the blade post - I gave up. It was stripped. Now I discover it's not returnable!
the pan is warped and it doesn't have a great seal because the tube part it doesn't lay fat enough and it spill out
It sucks, it doesn't seal right when you close it and everything leaks.
Arrived with a broken handle due to poor packaging...
I couldn't even attach the attachments to the machine as they were different sizes. I was greatly disappointed.
I hung this on the magnet board in our play room to help my son with knowing when transitions are coming. It's great for that purpose for them to see time counting down. We had been using dollar store timers that beep, they last about a year for $1. I switched because the kid needs a visual reminder of the timer. After a month it would not ring when the time was up some of the time. Now at the 3 month mark it does not work at all. I would say average use for a kitchen timing, once a day, so we definitely aren't beating it up. So good features, poor quality for the price.
When I received the bag it did not have the strap. I was thinking the bag had a strap as indicated in the picture. Would not have the ordered if I had known
Too small than expected and it was smelling
Sounded like a good product with many versatile uses but without instructions, it was worthless.
I'm sure this item would've been great, had I received it. They delivered it to some stranger, and let him sign for it, and keep it.
horrible, not strong enough to froth the milk once it goes into the liquid. I would return it but apparently it's not eligible? Sometimes you lose. I tried another brand that didn't work either so my interested I taking another chance. Perhaps Amazon should do some quality control or due diligence.
Ordered this item in the gold color twice and returned it both times because they arrived with chipped paint in multiple places making the product look cheap.
I bought this to replace my old Oneida scale; but, unfortunately, it doesn't keep accurate weight. Back to my old Oneida it is until I find a new Oneida.
Name says that it fits Rtic tumbler but is to small for their 30oz.
Arrived broken. Returned item.
OK knife. The packaging SUCKS! The blade was sticking out of the envelope 3” + or -. Almost cut the crap out of myself reaching into my mailbox.
Unfortunately on the first use, popcorn went everywhere. Gave it another go, and even more unfortunately on the second use (one week later), the machine burnt the popcorn!
It arrived broken! :(
I read a lot of good reviews on Calphalon pans, so I wanted to give it a try. I thought maybe getting a little expensive pan (it was $39 when i got it) means that it will last longer, but it didn't. I was hoping for a pan that would last at least 3 years, but this lasted less than 8 months. I am very disappointed. I don't really recommend it. For a pan that will last less than a year, get something cheaper.
I have had this cutting board for less than one month. Today it just spontaneously broke in half and is now useless.
It would not cut through a watermelon
After two weeks this completely stopped working. Would not reccomend buying this.
Cheaply constructed. The welds came loose and the cutting blade broke loose from the shaft after just a few uses.
One of the handles broke off the first time using it. Cheap quality.
Didn't last 4 months...
Junk.... chipped out of the box and more defects
Well i would love to provide a review but I never recieved this item or a refund. I contacted the seller after 3 weeks of waiting and instead of answering where the item was, they just cancelled the order without a refund. BEWARE THIS SELLER!! As far as I can tell, this is just a thief with a storefront. If you are of the mind to just give money away for no reason then hit me up...lord knows I could use the extra income! Lol
Update: This was originally a 2 star review and you could reference the text of it below. Three months after returning the item a seller reached out to me directly, outside of Amazon's messaging system and asked to remove the review. They got my personal information and this was not supposed to happen. Shady business, beware and stay away! Original: This set has a poor quality (but is worth the price). Several pieces had scratches, dents, and other blemishes straigh out of the box. Spend a little more for a a better quality flatware. Had to return this and Amazon was great (as always) working on processing the return.
Salt portion quit after 3 months. My last set of Ozeri electric (different model) was also short lived.
it leaks when you shake it, i returned mine
I bought this product just over a month ago and after washing one of the mugs yesterday I have now found a large amount of dirty water in between the glass walls. I have no idea how it got in there and there seems to be no way to get it out.
Really cheap thin glass, it even feels ridiculously fragile when you hold it. The first one I used fell over when I took it out of the box and shattered on the spot (about 2 inch fall). No high hopes for the remaining ones
We have two Panasonic microwave ovens and the magnets in this cover will not stick to either. There is a slight attraction, but not anywhere near enough. So, I thought I'd stick it to the side of the refrigerator, which is next to one of the microwaves, where there are many magnetized do-dads holding just fine. The cover doesn't fall off, but immediately slides down the side to the floor. I don't know if the manufacturer got a bad batch of weak magnets or what the problem may be, but it is basically a complete loss to me. For $12 I won't bother sending it back. Shame for lack of quality control.
I was want a small version of it . Omg it so big
when I GOT THE STAND IT HAD PINK ICING ON IT. OBVIOUSLY IT WAS USED, RETURNED, And shipped on to me. I washed and washed the stand. You all need to check your packages returned. POLLY MCCORD in Winchester, KY
ordered 2 of them, neither one worked when they arrived. Amazon sent 2 replacements. 1 of them didn't work at all, the other works but I don't trust a product that only works 1 out of 4 times. I am sending all 4 of them back. Not sure if the batteries were all dead upon arrival or if the product is just garbage, but I'm not dealing with it either way.
The pressure does not work to pull the oil up for it to be measured and used.
Used it once. It made perfect rice...once. Sadly, it never worked again (the cook button refuses to stay down). Very disappointing.
Everything sticks to it, even though, plenty of butter and applied to outside of bread and the inside of the metal flaps purchased one for me and another as a gift, which i would to return
Incredibly uneven toasting. One side barely toasts while the other burns.
Broke within 60 days of purchase, do not buy!
Worked fine for exactly one time of use. Second time I tried to use and didn't start up. Power turned on. It said it was on but never started to come out.
This is one very bad product, so just don't buy it! My title says it all, so what I might do is cover the tip that scratches walls with duct tape or something soft plus see if the brush will attach to a pole I have that is actually long. I can't take the time off from work to send this back, and can probably modify it. But really, don't buy it.
I threw it away! Smelled really bad after first use,unable to remove smell. DO NOT BUY!!!!
Grill kept turning off. Had simple beef patties of recommended thickness and recommended serving size (palm of hand). It took 3 x the recommended cooking time, which to get THAT info had to Google it. Our unit came with no recipe book or general cooking times. Plus, the 2 patties I cooked at the sizes stated above was all you could get on grill. No way in the world you will get 5 servings on the surface unless you are cooking for Smurfs! I had one of the first models back in the day and absolutely loved it. Although the removable grills are easy and convenient to clean, I believe the model that just has them attached would be a smarter choice. I'm gun shy now and probably not repurchase, because I don't believe the quality is as good as older models.
The packaging was not good and there were several broken when I notified the vendor I have not received any resolution
This doesn't work as advertised. Too small. Hard to remove inner bucket from outer container. Save your money...
Used this mister for olive oil. It's not very efficient. You have to pump many times and bottle had to be held straight up in order for it to spray, which means you have to hold the pan up. Disappointed.
It doesn't grip anything. The other reviews saying the same thing are correct.
Had it for 2 weeks and it already broke . Waste of money
The best invention since colored TV
This is a worthless aerator. Does not fit into the wine bottle securely. As soon as you pour the wine it falls out into your glass, spilling wine everywhere. You can try to shove it further into the bottle, due to increased resistance and not wanting a glass bulb to shatter in your palm. Terrible design. Terrible product. Please do not waste your money like I did.
Really poor quality. Broke immediately due to low quality plastic and poorly machined parts.
There's no way took tell they are BPA FREE they look just like restaurant containers. No logo or stamp on product. Very thin and sharp wouldn't advise for children under 10.
The size isn't what they described, I contact the seller, they said they will send the correct one and never happened. I'm very disappointed and never will by from this seller again.
This product never worked right from the beginning. One of the sensors doesn't work. The other sensor has been through four sets of batteries in a month. The manufacturer does not include information to contact them about this crappy alarm. Keep shopping, and don't buy this one.
I don't have anything like this need more information please.
Box was delivered to door in the Instapot box So wife opened door and figured out one of her gifts.. That was a real Bummer :(
I searched for edible and got cardboard.
Pretty disppointed by this beer chiller. I gave it to my husband for Father's Day - he was super pumped to use it. The first bottle we put it into was too small for it and so you couldn't drink out of it and this it didn't serve it's purpose.
I did not receive this item even though Amazon claims it was delivered.
These were counterfeit. I had previously ordered the Kitchables espresso cups. Those came in distinct packaging and had their logo stamped on the bottom of each cup. This order of 8 oz coffee cups were not made by Kitchables although they were marketed as such. They had a different stamp on the bottom of each cup, and they came in nondescript packaging. Also, there were scratches and bubbles in the glasses.
Don't know what happened to this order? Never did hatch?
The product came in and the spoons are already cracked and broken.
Not glass. Plastic. More like play cups for kids. Would send them back if it didnt come from so far
Sticky glue around the neck of the bottle. Not sure if this is safe to contain food.
Thanksgiving fail. The box should have come with 4 teaspoons and 4 tablespoons. Instead, the box had 8 tablespoons. So aggravating when hosting company.
Update: I will NEVER BUY A CUISINART PRODUCT AGAIN, ever. Was on phone with customer service for an hour having to literally ARGUE with an agent -- who refused for a long time to transfer me to a supervisor -- and then with a supervisor. After all that, no resolution. All they offered to do was pick up the machine and send it for repairs...but we'd have to stay home, waiting for pick-up, for a 2-3 day period -- which could not even be scheduled for a particular week. (We're leaving for vacation in a couple of days.) Or -- get this! -- they'd email us a shipping label so we could take the machine to UPS at our convenience, but it would take them 2-3 DAYS TO SEND THE EMAIL. An email! After that it would be about a month before we got the machine back. Utter absurdity. **** Like many other reviewers here, I've bought this machine twice -- the first one was good for a couple of years (not as long as I'd expect from this brand), then started pouring water out the bottom instead of through the coffee basket, so I figured I'd just gotten a bit of a dud or the problem was somehow my fault, and I bought a new one. The new one is truly awful -- sounds like a combine harvester, and now, after just 5 months, it makes nothing but sludge with black crema and a half-inch of grounds on the bottom of a weak, bad-tasting cup of coffee. I've cleaned and re-settled all the external parts every way I can think of, to no avail. I'd expect better of a machine that cost half of much. Cuisinart used to make top-quality products....
Broke after 2 months of use.
Made with cheap, poorly-fitting material. Once I realized the assembly was about as good as it was going to get, I put it in my cabinet. As soon as I put a small box of sandwich bags on it, a chunk of paint flaked off to reveal a completely rusted shelf.
McQueen didn't have eyes! I question whether this is actually made by Wilton.
In the picture it looks bigger than actually is. I could've gotten the same thing at Walmart, oh well live and learn it will last for a minute hopefully.
It came almost completely smooshed together. Instead of useing a bubble package use a small box. This thing is useless now
Dislike cheap junk pan warped and eggs stick
This product is a major disappointment! It didn't even “peel” one egg! I followed directions to the “T”, it cracked the shells and that's where it ended! It made more of a mess than anything. I would've returned it but I had thrown away the box it came in. If I can help one customer avoid purchasing this product it will make me feel better. DO NOT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I MADE BY BUYING IT!
I put two brand new Double AA Baterries and did not work at all. This is not good, do not Buy it . Loose me $7.00 and you can not returned because you have to pay the return, better to go to the store and get it there 👎🏻👎🏻
I am so disappointed. We have several Rtic cups. We love them. I purchased the ones I currently have from the Rtic website. My husband lost his large tumbler and needed a new one ASAP as he uses his daily. I figured I would purchase one from Amazon so I could take advantage of my prime shipping. The reviews were great so I placed my order. My husband used his new tumbler for the first time tonight. He filled the cup to the top with ice and added water. Within an hour all the ice melted and the cup was cool. He had the lid on the whole time. Lesson learned. I'll now be ordering straight from Rtic. I just wish I didn't waste my money.
Tried to use it for the first time today and would not work. A bad product. I would like my money back.
Lids do not stay closed.
Shows 12 degrees warmer than it is. Not worth the effort to return.
Very cheap china replica of an OXO.
I disliked that I was charged twice for the magnet, but the first envelope was empty. It is not worth $16
I paid for 50 and got ten. It took almost a month and they got the order wrong too.
The toaster oven worked fine, but the different 'functions' were pretty much the same thing. The heating element stopped working after a year. Keep shopping.
This item stopped working after one use. Will never purchase again
Can't take temperature changes. Both Cracked in freezer
The alarm sound was very low, you could only hear it if you were standing right by it.
This is NOT heavy weight vinyl. Will be returning.
Most terrible coffee maker I've ever purchased. Clean light will not go off no matter how much you clean it. Does not complete fill cycles. Awful product.
The 4 had a hole in it. Was down before the party started.
I didn't like nothing about the product. Would send back but too much of a hassle.
There a joke don't keep the yoke centered so your deviled eggs are lop sided plus they stuck
These are beautiful glasses, but I ordered a box of four and there were only three glasses in the box when I opened it.
The first batch had no carbonation at all after 9 days of brewing. I moved on to second fermentation because the sweetness was where I preferred it. The second batch the scoby molded so I had to toss the entire thing. I followed all of the instructions so I'm not sure how all of this happened.
Basic cookie sheets. What could be wrong...stupid things don't fit inside each other for storage...dumb
Mailed wrong product was not what I ordered very upset don't order
Replacement item mailed, but the item that was to be sent back never got picked up.
this arrived with one package and one panel. It is confusing after reading the question/answers as the seller states each panel is 3 feet wide. Returning as I need 4 so will buy from another seller.
I have 3 bialetti moka express pots and this one came defective. It leaked from the center and the top lid piece fell off after the first use.
This product broke before I could use it. The metal rod snapped.
This made great rice, and steamed vegetables perfectly. However, I purchased it in May and by October the rice cooker didn't cook the rice. It stopped heating up and only got a little warm. The steamer portion still worked. Unfortunately they will no longer accept returns, so after about 6 uses, my unit was useless as a rice cooker. Beware of the return policy and purchase at your own risk, which is why I am giving it one star.
Lid melted!!! I have several calphalon items. Some I've had for years. This is the second time I've had a lid melt or warp or something to the point of not fitting the pot. I'm looking for a different brand now. These are too expensive for this to have happened twice now. I never contacted calphalon about this problem. I have bought this brand for other family members (full sets for weddings) and no real wow value. Not what they used to be I guess.
Dose not work. Can't even get bottle to catch on it. Dose not look anything like pic. Can't even read the righting on the top.
Product was working fine for about 2 months then inexplicably stopped working one day. I followed the manual to clean and maintain the air fryer but there seems to be an electrical problem. I tried to contact the company but their "Contact Us" page has no information on it. Nothing negative against the seller or Amazon service but would not recommend Harbor products if looking for a reliable, long term product.
Very disappointed with the packaging, the wine glass is a birthday gift for my best friend and its very fragile, they did not put a single bubble wrap in the box to protect it.
The item was fine and I love it. The amazon delivery guy threw my package against my door and it wasn't even in a amazon box. It was like someone had bought it from Walmart and put it in front of my door
This product Sadly was not compatible with my Kurig even though it said it was
Only 1 star because zero is possible. Came late, warped and ripped. I had a huge cake to deliver so I didn't have a choice but to use it. I'm extremely upset that a $500 cake had to sit on this. It isn't even 1/2 inch thick either. I'm a professional so I know what quality is. Oasis is usually the best. Fell far from the mark on this one.
Why didnt I read the reviews! Typically like vital proteins but this stuff is awful. Taste terrible and smells like vomit. I'm trying to drink it anyway because it was expensive but yuck.
Not the one in the picture. Not happy with it.
Not the pan as shown in the picture. Ordered this pan to match a previous order.
This is a cheaply made coffee maker. Lid feels like it is going to snap off every time I try to clean it. It turns on by itself. Several times it has turned on and burnt remainder of coffee. Called and got no where with Amazon or company. Do NOT waste your $$
Ordered two sets of three canisters and lids. Lids on the two biggest containers in each set very lose. Will work with cling wrap underneath, but they should be much tighter. Note: None of the lids tight enough to be airtight. Also, labels on biggest container in one set didn't come off, and some of the 'sticky off' type adhesive removes cloud and ruin clear plastic finish. Resorted to using finger nail polish remover. Nice mix of sizes, wish quality had been better.
Was glad to replace our cracked dome. However, the replacement is at least an inch or so shorter! Placing meat on 4" side of rack won't work as chicken almost touching the coil on lid!!!! Very, very disappointed. Can this be returned for another model???
What a waste. Got this brand new and one of the clips wasn't even on it!
It is not easy to clean
handle gets to hot to hold without pot holder which makes it hard to pour/use
This item never arrived to me. Tracking says it did, but upon further research it got shipped to a completely different location.
JUNK JUNK JUNK - no instructions but even when you install its total junk Dont buy wont work, fix your luggage with a professional.
When I received the package the sushi bazooka was already dirty. Looks as if it has been used.
I promise you! This knife doesn't work as depicted in the photo. AVOID!
Spoon rest is great. The holders not so much. They are thick which makes it difficult to grab onto stuff in the oven. And they are not heat resistant. Burned the crap out of my hands when I was taking my Turkey out of the oven. Tried using them in place of a trivet but they stuck to the pan. Tossed them out
This is the most difficult electric can opener I've ever had. Actually, none of the other can openers I've had over the years have been difficult. This one? I tossed it after a month. Didn't even want to go through the hassle of returning it.
From the day the toaster arrived it did not toast bread evenly on both sides. We noticed several of the heating elements were already burned out within the first few weeks and then last night stopped working all together. This will be our last "Krups" appliance of any kind. Waste of money and now we need another new toaster. Do yourself a favor and spend a few more dollars on a better toaster the first time.
This product is a piece of joke!! Not even worth a penny!! It's cheaply made and does not work its purpose like it says. Bought one and had to throw it out. Only giving one star each because it required it. Not happy at all that I wasted money on it.
No, This is not a 32oz Jar, please be careful, buyers don't be fooled. I wasted my money.
I ordered these at the same time I ordered measuring spoons. The spoons came but the cups did not. I assumed they had been discontinued and left it there. It turns out that I was charged for them - but never received them!
no good did not fit, I cut ir a bit to make it fir . worked ok for about 3 day and everything was gone
It does not filter coffee. Gets clogged up and then makes a mess. Used it twice with the same results.
I used this for the 2nd time after I purchased it and it leaks terribly. The 1st use was perfect the 2nd use will be a disaster. I have an upcoming party and I can't even add this to my drinking table ..... it should state “one time use only”...
Love it however pepper grinder broke after one use.
It grinds coffee but to grind 3 tbl of coffee you better not count on your first cup in the morning to be ready quickly. Turning the handle repeatedly for 5 min is not my idea of fun at 4am
I wonder how many more Godinger crystal is going to arrive broken in the next two days. Two products arrived today completely smashed. They do not wrap the crystal well and there are no marking on the box to handle it with caution. I know it is Not the delivery service because it came from two different companies today.
Half the time the cup wont hold a seal while using the blender attachment and will spray liquids all over the place. I will not buy these again or give good remarks.
Too small for adults might be good for a kids party with fancy juice drinks.
You have to hold the power button down to keep active steam which is a huge inconvenience when trying to clean! Sending it back! Waste of money
absolute horse s**t. Soft wood that gets ground up with the spices, badly turned with dull tools, a nightmare to clean. Not worth the money, just shell out on a stone one that you won't have to hate.
It was great for two months. But all of a sudden now only reads LL.l on the face. I'm not sure why. I replaced battery. Nothing changed.
Bought these for my wife to have her morning coffee. She finds them very uncomfortable to hold because of their large diameter. Does maintain temperature but doesn't seem to be as good as yeti Update: Had these for two months now and the bottom seam is leaking water from whenever it was washed last. Definitely unacceptable
You can't use the main button since it keeps it depressed. I had to cut the lip off just to use and now it just flops around the remote.
Great product in that it works however, we've had two brand new units break within 18 months with the same issue with the unit not starting. Very upsetting and will not be replacing this.
This came in with the package open, not new as it was advertise. All 4 edge guard have scratches all around, very very poor conditions.
The cover was already cracked when I open box. Every parts every corners are weak like a piece of paper. Oh It is made in China.
the lid is loose, doesn't blend well at all. It just sucks so much. You get what you pay for.
1 Star doesn't do this justice. It should be 0 Star because I received this item with the handle broken into 3 pieces. The cup wasn't cushioned and protected well. It was wrapped by a thin piece of bubble wrap
Got first one in July. Did not work as described, got new one. Basket broke within 2 months. Now has completely stopped working.
Got this to replace my original lid that tore but after only a month, it broke as well. The piece that keeps the lid attached to the loop just popped off.
Ordered one large and one medium, both dark maple brown and the two mats aren't even close in color. Since they are both in the same kitchen, it doesn't look good. Great mats, but be careful if you're ordering two, there's a good chance they won't match.
Uneven toasting, one side of slice toast dark, other side barely toasting, the heating coil lights up irregular, poor quality control, returned the product.
After washing it in the dishwasher, the lead do not fit anymore. Otherwise would have been a perfect product!
Won't seal properly, integral O-ring fell out, and SWEATS like a stuck pig! Very bad purchase on my part. NOT recommended.
Well I can write a review on the product because it was broke when it arrived. I had one in the past that had a metal spout. This one had a plastic spout that was broke off. It was shipped in a padded bag and just getting thrown around in a delivery truck would damage it easily. I would suggesting this item be packed in a box or a larger bag that the item is wrapped very good
Disliked they don't fit coated tumblers
Item is not all stainless steel although the bowl was. I felt the description was misleading. I needed to use this so I elected not to return.
I did NOT use the spoon or items becuz the photos shows condition first day I opened package. It is splintered before I even used it. The inside of spoon is rough and I feel it may splinter into my tongue if. i used it and or put wood splinter into soup if. i used it to stir which is mostly what bought it for,(quiet stirring of soup). It may be a danger due to possible splinter going into food or tongue or throat or stomach. I find this product unsafe for use and will have to throw it away. Total WASTE of time and money. What happened to Consumer Protection Bureau?
This is my first negative review on Amazon. I was excited to have a “do it all” griddle, however I was disappointed. 1st ISSUE - I should have returned it after the first use when I realized you cannot cook scrambled eggs without them immediately sliding off into the grease trap. It baffles me - why would I want a more pricy griddle with separate units that you can't cook both eggs and bacon? Just know that anything with a liquid consistency CANNOT be cooked on this griddle. 2nd ISSUE- After the 2nd use, I realized that the temperature of the two plates did not operate correctly. When I turned down the upper unit (to keep pancakes warm) the lower unit stopped cooking and would not readjust back to set temperature until the upper unit was increased to the same temperature. 3RD & 4TH ISSUES - Also upon 2nd use, two other things surfaced. I realized that the upper unit doesn't lie down completely flat on the counter surface so it remains sloped even when in the unlocked position. I readjusted to allow the end of the unit to be slightly off the counter. Which is when I realized that the I could no longer see the dials. Over all I do not recommend this unit for those reasons. Just buy the Presto product for half the money, have more cooking space, and an easy to use product. Use the left over money to buy a panini press or a apply it towards an indoor grill.
Rusted after 2 uses. Hard to turn and use. Garbage can opener. Returning for refund.
Shattered and got glass in my food when it got hot the first time I used it
I immediately fell in love with the product when I first used it. I don't make frothed milk often, so it was after the return window that I used it for the sixth time and it made a small popping sound and wouldn't start. I tried looking at the packing info and box for a contact and found nothing. I'm so disappointed
Ad states TWO. I only received one!!!
Stopped working after 2 1/2 months.
Its super leaky, its been dripping coffee all over the place, ended up putting it in the thrash.
Just received my replacement fryer as the first one has a scratch on the display and this screen is messed up too.... this one looks like the screen got squished or something, so it looks like it has an oil film constantly on the screen.... really not happy as I was super excited and the first one and then this one. Not sure yet if I should just return it and get a different one or try for another replacement. Super disappointed!
Only looks good in the picture, and the materials are very rough, stained and cheap. The copper is a lining not pure. I should've know due to low price but even at the price it is definitely very poor workmanship and not worthwhile. Now I have spend more money getting something better so as they say; better to spend wisely then hunt for bargains.
Blades were not sharp and the item is cheap plastic which broke during first use. Do not waste your money.
The quality of these straws are very poor they bend and appear to lose durability when in hot drinks.
They are strainers (They have holes) and they do collapse but they have no feet on the bottom at all! The bottom they call a "foot" is just a circle of silicon. It sits perfectly flat and traps liquid unless I stick it directly into my sink drain hole. Ridiculous design. Not worth the return postage fee. Throwing them out.
stopped working 2 days later!
Had to return it. The ratchet would not hold. Compared to better belts with this mechanism this one isn't too good. Spend the extra $10 and get something better.
Leaves a terrible metallic taste when in contact with liquids. Not recommended at all, I don't think it's food grade because it leaves an after taste even after washing it and running it several times, in my opinion it's not worth it.
My package was delivered to the wrong address so I cannot give you a proper review
Awful buy. Tray isn't nearly deep enough.
It stopped working after 2 weeks of usage. Very cheap, do not waste your money.
Bottoms kept falling off during our wedding toasts!
Not cool enough. Too small.
I did not receive what I ordered.
Received package with 4 espresso cups but the spoons were missing. Contacted amazon and was dismayed to find out that they weren't able to contact the seller since the seller did not leave a phone number. Therefore, only option was to return the item and re-purchase it. Highly disappointed with the entire drawn out process!
6 months after buying this the plastic bottom of the canister cracked and now leaks.
It never arrived. Nothing but a waste of money.
I only got 5 pieces (3 large and 2 small)
As I have problems with my hands, I bought this frother because it has the on/off switch. However, in order for the frother to run at full speed, you need to hold it very, very tight which is a problem for me. If I don't hold it very, very tight it goes very slow.
Broke within 2 use.... the cork material is some cheap
Bought this for my parents who do a lot of juicing. Loved the idea that it would keep juice from oxidizing & losing nutrients but it broke right away. Very disappointed.
Looks good but that's it. I use it for measuring oz for hair color and developer. I can never get it to simply provide an accurate weight. Bounces all over the place and is very inconsistent. I would not buy it again.
The product I received was broken, as was the packaging. VERY poorly packaged and shipped. The delivery, though this product was Prime-eligible, took 3 days rather than two. No idea why. I sent this package back the same day I received it, and asked for it to be replaced. Cannot believe that the new shipment was scheduled to take more than a month. And this is PRIME service???! I canceled that order yesterday, but have still to hear back about my refund. What is going on with Amazon? What is going on with Prime?
Very poor customer service was expedited shipping when ordered on the 19th of febuary. Was supposed to arrive between the 23 and 27th of Febuary here it is the 7th of March and with no reply from seller was just shipped on the 6th of March absolutely ridiculous.
I thought it had not arrived. Then thought I had the wrong item. Finally figured out it is the item I ordered, but is far too small and does not include the flowers- as I thought from the pictures. I take the blame for not reading carefully enough, but if you show flower pictures are you not at least implying that it makes flowers... very, very disappointing...
Cheap. Looks and feels cheap, adheasive was stuck to the outside on the gold part. Not worth the money
Partly my fault for not looking at exact measurements but these are small very small containers! These are not fit for cereal they would not even fit a small box of cereal in them!! Super disapointed
Didn't do anything; not accurate at all
Garbage. Don't fit in model they say they are supposed to
Flimsy piece of junk. Threw it garbage because the shipping cost to return was as much as the item. Save your money.
Piece of crap. Cooked food very unevenly. Paid 200 bucks and it broke in less than a year. The seller was unwilling to do anything. Bottom line don't buy this product and avoid this seller.
I gave several as gifts and am embarrassed. Printing comes off in hot water. Looks good but not for using
Never received my set
Didn't have much luck using them.
Poorly made! I had so much hope for this! The power is impressive and the hand feel is great.... BUT.... I have had this for less than a year and the regular mixer button has stopped working and several of the attachments have fallen to pieces. I will try to return a much as I can... Here is to hoping! Really too bad.... :(
THIS CAN OPENER WILL NOT WORK AND WAS DIFFICULT TO SET UP
/////// not a good product spend more money and get a good one ?
I know others said this but...broke the first time I used it :( i was very careful to be gentle and still just snapped. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND!
Took it out of the box, and it immediately stained my hands dark gray. Tried wiping it off, but it still left stains. Would not use this with any food!
was so excited to receive this pan........when I opened it........it was not what I ordered..........very disappointed.........
Very loud when in use, does the job eventually but acts like the battery is on its last leg when they were fresh batteries. Motor sounds like is about to die and this is suppose to be brand new?!?!? Larger than most electric openers and overall disappointed when compared to my mothers electric opener.
Terrible product. We took great care of it- never in too high heat/ never soaked in water for too long/ always hand washed etc etc... still each and every piece in this ten piece set looks so horrible! Goes nonsticky to super sticky in no time! Don't bother spending time in choosing the color, it all peels off pretty soon. Worst is when you call customer service you have to wait for hours on hold only to find out they cant do anything about it, one is supposed to email. When you email with all the details, invoice, photo for proof etc you might get an answer in the next 20 days! And the answer we got was- send the entire set (of course pay for the shipping) back to the warehouse for an evaluation (and you add a $15 check for doing that). This will be the last Cuisinart product we will ever buy! Save your money am sure there are other better products out there and companies who take better care of their customers!
These are a cute size, just seems cheaply made with Some letters or numbers engraved on top which takes away from the quality.
I have purchased 3 of these. I bought a red one for myself & loved it so much that I ordered a stainless one for my Father my husband asked where his was so I ordered him a stainless one. My red one keeps things very cold & holds ice nicely all day! My Dad lives in another city so I don't have 1st hand knowledge of his. My husband really didn't use his so recently I have started using it some while mine is being washed. His stainless does not hold ice & the outside has condensation. It's too late to return thru Amazon so I'm hoping that the manufacturer of COLD 1 will reach out to me so that I can exchange this.
Leaks very badly upon first use. Great concept but it appears maybe the base of the container could be cracked or something. Has not been mishandled or placed in the dishwasher.
They're way way too small for the price you'd expect to see something else
Not easy to use and definitely not easy to hold. The bags are made of an extremely thin silicone so filling them is a nightmare because they can't hold a shape. I have silicone piping bags from a different company that was thicker and work much better
There was NO PRODUCT AT ALL when this package was recieved - none! It was an empty package!!!
Literally came broken so I was not able to put the battery even into it. It comes with a blue battery that is not a normal battery. And It is also all in Chinese and hard to understand the few English sentences in the manual. Don't buy this.
Very unsatisfied because we have still not received the product
right side does not work
This item was great ... for three months, and then wouldn't work anymore. I'm trying to contact customer support, but cannot find their information. Does anyone know who to contact? It seems that a product like this should last more than three months.
The pink balloon was damaged out of the package. Due to the position of the damage, we couldn't inflate the pink balloon at all. That's 1/6 of the price+postage cost down the drain. Not to mention the wasted time and disappointment. For a such expensive product, we really expected better. We inflated 3 undamaged balloons, they worked fine so far, but I guess the 1/6 damage rate is simply to high for us to ever consider purchase this product again.
We bought the natural wood set and honestly I was really disappointed. Several of the pieces were loose, the metal fork and spoon heads bent very easily, and the wood splintered or had the little studs holding them together falling out.
said it was delivered and I never got it. very disappointed. don't buy !! research before you buy and look at the sellers reviews for everything they sell 😤
The serving spoons that were delivered do not match the description provided by the seller. As noted by another customer, these are regular sized plastic spoons. Do not purchase as item is NOT as described.
This grinder was amazing for the first two weeks. Then it encountered a bean that was a tad to tough and the handle snapped right off. I didn't realize how weak and poorly designed the handle was. Needless to say I'm extremely disappointed.
The copper finish came off the steel base. Food sticks to those blemishes. I have other similar products that have performed well. I definitely do not recommend this product.
This package arrived with the glasses broken &n lying loose in the amazon box! No wonder they're all broken. Looks like they'd be pretty glasses but they're all cracked & broken n& were not wrapped or in any protection! Please can seller look at these photo's & contact me for a refund or replacement. If i don't get this resolved then I will have to update this review with a very negative review. I would prefer to get these glasses all in one piece please.
Came with no handle as shown ! Rather small
Very poorly made, rough welds, and sharp edges, but above all, the wooden pestle isn't the right shape for the strainer. It doesn't touch the walls of the strainer, so doesn't even press the food.
I received the sealed box but when I opened the box inside, it was empty! It only had the bubble wrap inside! I was furious! I don't know what kind of a joke this seller is trying to pull but it wasn't funny. 😡 I wish I can give a negative 5 rating
These are awful. Unless you have really small hands, these are not workable. Waste of my money. Looking for alternative.
There are supposed to be 6 plates and I only received 4! No yellow or purple, the very damn colors I bought these for! I'm disgusted and can only hope this review gets them to send me A WHOLE NEW SET. These are FAR too costly to just get 4!
Product would have been great if only all 50 where accounted for. Not happy at all
Please, for the love, do not purchase anything by this company. This product stopped working after one year (11 days after the "warranty"), a problem that I think is probably fixable, but I have made multiple attempts to reach out to the company and have heard nothing back. They don't sell replacement parts, so unlike an InstantPot, you can't purchase new gaskets or anything, and the company won't respond to my requests for them. They are an Amazon only company, and based out of China, so I can't call them either. Just save yourself and buy something that's more well known.
Very nice spatula but what a disappointment. There was no mention of country of origin and I should have known. With all the spying and political intrusion I refuse to buy China products. I'll pay 10% to 20% more to source a product made anywhere but there. Thanks to Amazon there are usually plenty of vendor options, I just missed this one. I'm keeping the spatula as it is well made and useable.
I purchased 2 sets. I've used this cup only for a day, then I found there is water between two walls. There is no crack at all. How could it happened? Now I only can use 3 cups.
Very cool product but shipping was beyond horrible. No outside additional box to hold contents. Package not secured. I'm so not happy about this.
I never received my item
These are very thin. They slide around on the floor. There is no real rubber grippy type finish on the back at all. They are not the quality I was expecting for the price. The pattern is just "ok" compared to the picture. Very disappointed.
I baked chocolate cupcakes in these for my.twin granddaughters 6th birthday party. The cups became so greasy after baking. Also, you couldn't even tell what the image on the wrapper was. I guess you could try again with a white cake and you might be able to see image then, but still it would be incredibly greasy!
The worst can opener ever. It stops halfway around a can. Won't open a large can.
Every single lid BROKE!
Claims it's none stick but that is definitely false. Returning as I've spent more time cleaning it so it doesn't stick than time being able to use it.
The extension handle is not very sturdy, and some plastic melted in my dishwasher. Not worth the price
NOT as pictured ! Was sent a different teapot. Was black with bamboo handle, but different shape. Not the elegant teapot pictured.
This coffee maker leaked on the second use. Thought it was water overflow from the top. . We used this unit for about 1 month with continued problems of leakage. Later discovered it had an internal leak inside the unit. Sent a spark to the outlet and we called it quits and trashed it.
I followed the directions for absorbing scissors and read reviews for tips. With this sharpener I nearly ruined two pairs of scissors.
Your produce is fine but you are worthless. I purchased and paid for two items, however I only received one of the items which I just returned rather than mess with you. To your credit, you did issue a full refund but because you only received half the total order, you then charged my card for the half I did not receive. Very poor way to do business and almost impossible for me to dispute because I have no hearing and can't pick up a phone. I am not the least bit happy.
i know that it was cheap, but i didnt expect, such a bad quality, and missing part apparently
Worked well for the first 5 months but recently the metal piece separated from the plastic portion and is no longer measuring the temperature well. I would not suggested purchasing this item.
After 2nd use the handle broke off, hit my leg and cut it. I would not recommend this product. The screen did prevent spatters. Too expensive to only use twice.
Product worked fine before it broke. For a paper towel holder, it does what it's supposed to do....until it broke. I don't associate this with incorrect usage as it basically just held a roll of paper.
Cheap looking....not rustic....orange. Do not recommend
I was gifted the coral one and I loved it so much I went and purchased the light blue one. Upon washing for the first use, I noticed a residual smell. I thought nothing else of it until I took the first sip, which again reminded me of that smell. I even ran it through the dishwasher to think the deep cleaning may help - nope! I luckily got a refund for this item, but quite disappointing.
GROSSLY INACCURATE! DO NOT BUY! I was duped by the 5 star rating (just like everyone else) but this scale is TRASH!
Absolutely crap. The handle bent in no time.
Very beautiful but to small for me just not my preference
The lid did not work like I thought it would. It slides open if it tips over, which is why I bought it in the first place
terrible product instant garbage deposit. took it out of the bag and would constantly leak some particles/dust every time you touched it.
The performance is so much different then the advertising.
This is a reorder when my last rolls ran out. Work well, priced right.
I thought this was going to be a good set based on description. Everything is small and the lids just sit on top and don't snap in place. It is a flimsy set and if it gets knocked over everything inside will spill. My kids were also damaged. I would have returned for sure if I would have checked my deadline. Wasted my money on this one for sure!
These baking sheets are not non stick. As a matter of fact everything sticks permanently. Very difficult to clean after scrubbing and wiping. It looks as if there is a layer of plastic that melts and can't be cleaned off.
One of the products was broke just want a replacement
This does not work. It ruined my dough. The wheels are too small and too close together.
Broke the first time I tried to use it. Got stuck on the can, just opened enough it leaked juice everywhere when I tried to pry it off.
I could barely fit it on the soda can, but when I did, it was impossible to remove it. Sorry.
Two of the three pans have non-removable burn stains. Would not recommend.
The items that arrived look NOTHING like the photo. Do not order this product.
These were nothing like we expected. They are flimsy and don't stay in place.
The top broke when I dropped it on the floor. Is there an option to buy only the top?
Hate to complain but took about 2 months to get, only to be broken. It's ok I forgot I even ordered it
Hand protecter for cups falls off and some lids will not stay on and pop off
ZERO STARS Did not send wind proof and now they want me to send a picture of what they sent. DUH. Dont you know what you sent. Lame and a Scam. DO NOT BUY!!!!!
If I could give this thing zero stars I would. The bin needs to be frozen for 16-20 hours and as soon as I got it frozen, got it all running like the manual said and put in the ice cream mixture it seized up within 2 minutes and the middle part got stuck in the mixture and I had to scrape it down with a spatula, which then scratched the bowl. I realized it wasn't going to work and I had to dump it all out and fill it with warm water to get all the frozen stuff out if it. I had the warm water in there for no longer than 2-3 minutes and the freezing compartment already sounded like it melted entirely, so now if I want to try to do this again I have to wait another 20 hours for it. Not worth it at all, returning it right now.
Did not have non slip grips on the back. Slides all over granite countertop.
The straw is cheap and flimsy!
I was looking for flutes that did not need assembling. I did mot see anything saying these needed assembling. Returning these its not what i want.
Don't spend the money on this item. I ordered two of these coffee pots for our church in November 2017. We have only been using them for 3 months and both pots are now leaking as of February 18, 2018. The return period is closed so will purchase something locally in case the same thing happens....we will be able to return it.
Flimsy, cheaply made, and doesn't stay put in the filter spot. Don't waste your money. Buy filters from toddy.
Beware this does not fit a simple Bud Light bottle as advertised... Not sure what it would fit>????
Arrived broken and already open, despite buying it new. Returning.
I bought these in Sep. and these racks burned and melted on the bacon. So you will have to throw away the food you have cooked and the racks. I cook bacon maybe 3 times a week. Do not waste your money
It appears as if someone had previously opened the box, because there was a lot of tape on the outside of the box. I opened up the inside box, and only one of the glasses was broken. They were carefully wrapped, so how did one of them get broken unless someone had previously opened the box.
This machine is crap, as it stopped working after 2 weeks use. And as I ordered it from france, I was supposed to pay all the shipping france - us and on the other side so about 90$ to get the machine repaired. I will never order on Amazon US again
Handle broke with less than 100 cans crushed. Junk.
Unit switches off whenever it feels like it. No matter how long you set the timer for, it will randomly just turn off and then yogurt cultures get cold. The dome is also shaped to have condensation drop into the center glass container. Pretty poor design. The rest of the condensation runs down the dome, and instead of draining into the base unit, it just runs onto your countertop. Can't wait to send it back !!
The description says 3 inches. To me that means the candle is 3 inches but really the candle and stick total 3 inches. Way too small. Will look lost on a cake.
Received the product after 2 weeks with my prime member
Had kettle for 6 months, barely used was more for decoration. Picture says it all.
I did not receive this order/product.
Died within 10 seconds of first use.
Stainless steel rack did not fit housing unit, contacted supplier, but got no response.
I can not believe this! Missing 4 knifes and there is one knife with a melted handle and the scissors are covered in food it looks like!! I gave this as a gift not knowing how embarrassing! I want my money back !
Never received, we were given a refund & no chance to get it.
First time I plugged it in and ran water in it to clean it, then I came back four hours later I noticed a electrical burning smell. This coffee pot does not shut off by itself. Don't need another fire from a coffee pot.
The plastic lid through which the plunger rod passes cracked within a week. For a few pennies of plastic, gussets on the underside of the lid would have provided the necessary support to prevent the crack. I would definitely not buy this again.
I would have loved to have tried this very cool gadget. However, I ordered them in July. Today is September 4. They never arrived. The order tracking page has them "lost." Oh, well.....
I purchased two of these and they are both already leaking after less than a week of use. The spigots are junk. The rest of the unit is nice. But with leaking spigots it is a waste of money. Sent one back and will be sending the other one back as well.
I love the color and how cold it keeps me drink. The included removable handle is great! BUT I've only had it a month and a half and look what happened after one time in the dishwasher. (Says it is dishwasher safe) I usually hand wash it but left it in the sink and my teenager was loading the dishwasher so in it went! I'm past the return date so stuck with it.
Already broke! I have had crock pots in the past for 10+ years!! I have had this approx a year and it stopped working . So disappointed!!
It arrived broken :(
Never received the info. So I paid for nothing.
Unimpressive. Gave it to my dad for Christmas.... he's a religious Friday pizza night kind of guy.... locking mechanism broke off on the first cut....
Inconvenienced to return an inaccurate description. Was sent wife mouth instead of regular/standard sized.
I've tried 10 ways to sunday to get this to make proper pasta but everything I've tried results in awful, gummy texture. Went right into the trash. I wanted it to work so bad!
Horrible product very cheaply made
Box was fine. Factory dent/crease. Sent back
I ordered and paid for a two pack but only one bottle arrived. It's not worth the hassle of returning one to have two new ones shipped to me. I will just buy from a different seller next time.
Placed chicken on it, within an hour it did nothing but make the tray cold. Disappointing.
I was not happy with this pan. The pan came apart as i was removing it from the oven (the ring part) resulting in a 3rd degree burn on my forearm from the ring coming off and onto my arm.
I would write a review if I had received them. My notification says it was delivered Friday to an address in Albany Oregon....not Jefferson Oregon but I don't see a place to contact anyone about this.
It leaks and cannot get it to open after you close it tight, I had to throw it away, lost all my money
This one leaks really bad in the circled area. Trying to exchange it.
It says three compartments on the site and on the plastic wrap but it's just one? Returning
Handle arrived loose and missing top rivet and company would not replace
This was not even close to what I purchased. I ordered droppers for lorAnn oils and got stretch marks cream. What the heck?
Product is too narrow. Zucchini have to be cut in half to fit on product. Therefore wasting a lot of Zucchini. Product should be long enough to accommodate a 6-8 inch Zucchini.
Don't buy it, it was so slow during juice. It's not able to return it also.
I have had this product for less than 45 days and it has rust on it. I have only used it 3 times.
I got my Turkey already to cook. I put the thermometer in the thick part of the leg/ thigh area and programed the unit.. The display read LLL. I didn't know what this was so I looked in the owners manual. The manual stated that the sensor was not plugged properly. I removed the sensor from the bird replugged the sensor and it seemed to work fine. Reinserted it in the bird closed the oven and the sensor read LLL.I did this three times, got frustrated, removed the sensor and put it in the box for immediate return. I thought for a while then called the number on the box. I was on hold for about 10 minutes before I became first in the que. Then I got hung up on. I called back thinking there was a mechanical issue. Same deal but this time after a 12 minute wait I got a recording telling me how to fix the problem and if I couldn't to leave my number. that was 5 days ago. I wonder how long it takes to get a call back. DON'T BUY THIS ITEM!! IT IS JUNK!! Contacted Amazon and they were great!! No problem with the return!
This is NOT a Thermos, it is stainless steel and the top is plastic NOT METAL. It will NOT keep your coffee hot OR keep water cold.
This item broke not even 3 months after I bought it. The first one came broken. Do not buy. Very disappointed.
Still waiting for delivery
The title says it all. False advertising? Maybe.
False advertisement-It was stated that it would fit my Keurig 2.0. It is way too big!!! I WANT A REFUND! I can't send it back due to that there was NO receipt with the order!
When I got my product the heart on the knives was broken. This would have been great for my wedding but I could not use them because they were broken
I was very happy to get this but after using it once it was stained and not useful.
The wood is not smooth. The side holders don't stay in place. The cutting board keeps falling into the sink as I'm cutting my vegetables.
Filthy, used and disgusting. This was for my son's birthday to go with his new iPad. He turned 9 Friday and he bought this with his own birthday money. Selling used merchandise as new when you are to lazy to even clean it is stupid and wrong.
Arrived scratched and dirty. Not correct size and could not be installed as end that goes into the pot was left too long
This came out nothing like the picture. It is hard to tell what this is at all supposed to be in the picture, also very small.
Receive damaged due to poor packaging. In fact there was no protective packaging material at all.
This is the worst skillet I have ever used. Everything sticks even when cooking on med. heat and using oil.
I was given one of these bags as a gift and used it for several months with my sous vide--but the bag ripped down the side (starting at the seam). I figured I had somehow cut it with a knife, perhaps while cleaning, and so ordered another set. I've only had these bags short while--about six weeks--and last night noticed that one of the bags has already ripped, again at the seam, and so is unusable. Too bad--it's a great product if only it lasted.
I hate giving something a 1-star, but I want to warn other folks not to buy! I actually have quite a few other contigo's, so I was pumped to see the stainless steel and thought there would be no issue. I ended up buying 4 and by the time I realized how bad they were I missed the return window. When you suck on straw, air gets in. Neither of my girls will use them. I am bummed because they are expensive!
Not sure how this has such great ratings. Broke at the handle after just a few uses.
Just received item today and after first use my knife cut right through it, I known it's indestructible but I thought it would be able to withstand me slicing raw salmon I wanted it to put over my wood block when slicing chicken or fish but this clearly won't hold up
I never got to use this machine as it was smashed up when I got it. Amazon? UPS ? The seller has been more than helpful with my issue even if it was not Williams issue. He responded to my e-mail in less that an hour and Amazon had the machine picked up the next day. I purchased this particular machine because of the positive comments about customer service . William has more than lived up to those comments. I will buy another one of these machines as soon as they are available. Keep up the good work Vac Vida
I bought this to blend lettuce. My old blender worked fine, but I lost the lid and have been doing without a blender. This "wave" feature said it pulls the ingredients into the blade. I had to hand feed the lettuce to get it to blend. I still have my fingers, but I can't use this blender for that purpose. I would return it, but the shipping cost is too much. It might work for blending beverages but it does not suit my needs. I think it's the wide design of the glass jar. My old blender was narrow at the bottom and I had no problems. It did a great job crushing the ice. Too good. I like the icy texture and this left the ice too crushed for me.
So disappointed. I purchased this machine for our Italian exchange student in August 2019 and already it's broken draining all the water into the lower collection bin not even flowing through the pods . We have tried everything to fix the problem , new pods, even purchased a reusable pod and all the water continues to drain. Such a great machine when it worked, but only had a 30 day warranty.
Came ripped down the side. Amazon let me return it no problem though. Unfortunately I was in a pinch for time so I had to use wrapping paper which I was trying to avoid.
Two broken salad plates. I thought these were break resistant?
Opened to find base separated at bottom, dent in back and broken pieces in box bottom. Very disappointed.
This did not work. We tried on a variety of cans and either it would turn or it would open the can. It would not do both. I am a good home cook and a PhD professor and I could not use this can opener.
DO NOT BUY! Item came in PIECES would not turn on and is falling apart. Worst amazon buy ever. If I could give 0 stars I would.
Did not work correctly
Awful. The only good thing about this is the jar opener it came with, and even that isn't anything special. It is obnoxiously LOUD. It isn't easy to attach to a can. You have to help it along the way as it stops constantly. To get the lid out of it once it is done takes quite some yanking effort, while risking being cut by the freshly cut aluminum lid. Therefore, to me it is worthless, as I need something that is easy on my joint damaged hands. If I could send it back, I would, but since I can't, it is going in the garbage once I get something better.
It's beautiful but it doesn't have enough power to open a medium size can
The lip, where you drink is sharp on some of the glasses, we threw some away. The molding isn't good and it is sharp enough to cut your lip. 3 arrive cracked or shattered, we did order 4 sets though so just tossed them
My pan was shipped with heavy items that dented and bent it in several places, rendering it useless. Yes, it was replaced quickly, with one shipped by itself, and that one is fine, but I cannot seem to get the address label to return it. The only label rec'd to print is one that is to go inside the package, not a return address label. It looks like this pan will work well for my purpose, but I sure do not want to pay for it twice.
AVOID THIS PRODUCT. The first one I ordered quit working 2 days after I bought it. The replacement lasted 7 months before it failed with the same problem.
This product came in the box bent and the tip was bent because of it. The knife itself isnt very good, even for a cheap knife.
The products are as displayed but one of the scoops came in missing a spring and all of them were dirty with dried batter and food particles on them. They definitely look like they've been used.
Was way to big for my needs, thought it was the smaller product that was on the same link, must have clicked the wrong button, not sure. It looked like the one I wanted. I have rarely ever returned products from Amazon. This item is Non Returnable unopened or unused for reasons unspecified in the item page, and not really specified in the Amazon returns policy. I guess because it involves storage of a food product, not sure. Reading reviews, it has been indicated that people have returned the product used because it did not fit their need. So I guess if I no choice but to keep the product, I can only review it based on how it fulfilled my needs, which is nothing better than one star. I guess maybe I can use it as a over priced spray bottle for something else.
Used this peel twice and it does leave s a lot of aluminum on the stone. Will not use again.
Would have been a good product but it arrived broken and then didn't receive a refund after sending it back until having to reach out to amazon which was had great customer service and fixed it right away.
Extremely disappointed in the quality of this item. Not powerful at all. Whisk head is only about the size of a quarter and when I submerge just the head in my coffee to mix it, it cuts off it is so weak. Just putting it on the surface of my coffee it doesn't create any froth or foam. This is a rip-off and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
One end of box open checked and found out of round and handle missing. I returned
The microwave worked fine for 9 months then it started sparking on the inside. Dont buy this on e it dont last
Works well and appears very study but unless you have lots a storage for your instant pot, it's very bulky.
I bought 4. They collapse when trying to drink from them.
I ordered this electric kettle because my old one was broken. It is very convenient and beautiful. The water boils within a few minutes. The onlt thing is not satisfied me. It boils for a long time befor turning off. Sometimes I can't wait snd turn it off by myself. Maybe I am impatient.
Online this seems to be a perfect, small broiler pan. Exactly the right size.. The enamel is too thin, the metal is too thin. The pan was washed and put away as soon as I got it. I pulled it out a few days later and a big chunk of enamel came off. It's not safe to use for anything.
This is nothing but a fan. The idea that it chills is far fetched and it's not worth the money spent. Next time I'll buy a box fan and it'll do the same job
I typically don't write product reviews. Usually, I research the products and listen/read to other reviews before making a purchase and that has usually worked well. I wish that I could say the same for this product. It is very disappointing! I have used it about 3 times now and every time I put it in the freezer, the lid pops off, eventhough I have made sure to securely tighten it beforehand. After taking it out of the freezer, I cannot refasten it and therefore when you're trying to pour the coffee into a cup, it leaks/spills out of the sides of the container making a mess and additional work cleaning up spilt coffee. I even tried to take a butter knife to get into the threads to make sure that there was no ice in them and it still wouldn't fasten all the way! On top of that, the coffee comes out watery and loses much of the flavor! I guess I will have to go back to just putting my regular coffee cup back into the freezer for an hour or so in order to get it iced. I am a "gadget" guy and usually 95%+ of my purchases are worth the time and money. This product, however, is one of my biggest purchasing regrets. I don't know why/how the other reviewers are giving it such glowing reviews but I would steer clear if it! Waste of a good buck...!!
I need a mat to place in my microwave but the flyer that comes with this product states that is not microwave safe. It's basically a large potholder. Since I don't need one I'm returning the item. I wonder why it doesn't include the appropriate info above.
worked twice and the motor blew on the third use. So this product did not meet our expectation at all
I guess I can call myself lucky as I did get the scissors in my package, unlike other reviewers. However the blade cover is not to be found. Packaging for the item was not sealed. The glue did not hold the plastic to the cardboard. I'm guessing the blade cover fell out wherever these are packaged. I wouldn't mind if I had just ordered a scissors, but I ordered a scissors WITH A BLADE COVER. I should be getting what I ordered.
I liked it when it worked but only lasted 2 months and it died. I had only used it a handful of times. Had to change batteries twice in the short period. The third time it wouldn't work at all.
This was burned & the package was burned when I received it! It was like the product had been in a truck that had a fire accident. I had a hard time getting a refund. DO NOT BUY from this company! No refund s was ever issued! Nooooo!!!!!
This is like the 3rd time Amazon has done this to me. they dont replace something that is supposed to have been somehow damaged & never even delivered to me. this time I was not even notified.
I have had other rabbit products in the past and decided to try this. Stopper did not fit firmly into 2 different wine bottles and fell into the wine glass while pouring. I threw them away.
The sesame came out as whole and nothing grinded.
It does not spray correctly, feels like it is clogged and does not spray well.
If you're buying this product with the sole purpose of cooking with low wattage, expect to be disappointed. The product description describes it, the outside of the box depicts it, but the ACTUAL product does not have any wattage settings at all. You are forced to cook at high wattage at any setting. Had to return as soon as I received it.
I ordered 10 of these and made the mistake of opening right before I needed to use them and ALL of them are dented. I give these as gifts with monkey bread and part of the gift is that they get the pan after. I am so embarrassed that when the bread is out they will see how poorly it is made. Not to mention I'm terrified of the baking quality. Not worth the savings. I would return them all if I wasn't in a pinch and had to use.
another card that I bought and i don't know why.
Can ends up with sharp edges. Lid sticks to opener, hard to pry off. Didn't include "free" jar opener. Not worth the $19.99 paid.
No instructions. Does not look like the photo on the back. Very confusing
Broke before I could wear it. Cannot return it. Lesson learned.
The rug stays bubbled up in the middle
never used it and throw it
Why send me mold products twice? I'm really disappointed!
The snaps to seal container are not sufficient to contain liquids and are quite flimsy/not attached directly to the glass lid (merely snap on snap off handles). I ensured myself all 4 sides were snapped/locked, and placed container with food and oil in my bag. Turns out, the oil had ran all over my bag and my pants on the train. Will be looking for a different brand since this obviously can't keep its seal/too flimsy
Shipping is horrible. It was packaged in a bag and not a box. Arrived busted. Can't return exchange. Threw my money away.
With reusable capsules the top does not close without use of considerable force.
smaller than I thought it would be....
I could not get the product open. Therefore I am tossing it.
This lid did not fit my mug, yet it was the lid recommended by Amazon upon checkout. The lid appears well made but DID NOT FIT my Tervis Mug. Not a happy camper.......
Haven't been able to use it yet, came out of the package badly warped (won't stay flat on the counter)
Received today and it's already broken . Very disappointed.
I'm ready to dispose of this toaster. It operates as follows: Push #1, it toasts for a few seconds, then pops up. Push #2 same result. Push #3, it works. Always the same, day after day.
The warming plate has a raised edge that prevents most cups from directly contacting the plate. By the time I got a cup with a small enough base to fit, the unit quit working altogether.
When I got this i almost wondered if they had forgotten to put a toaster in the box, it was so light. I pulled it out and found it so flimsy and cheap feeling that I immediately returned it.
Handle on the top broke within 15 uses. Couldn't be fixed. Poor quality
Bought this blender for making smoothies out of fruits and vegetables. I was really happy with it at first but after only a couple of months the jar cracked. I called customer service and they said they would replace it but they never did. I wanted to like this product but it just doesn't hold up under normal use.
This item does not heat the water. My daughter took to college with her, and having ordered early am pasted return date. Have tried all kinds of things....would not order this product ever again. Would love my money back as well.
Arrived broken! Very dissatisfied.
Under powered. A 700. Arrived damaged. Not worth returning. Traded for one from a garage sale.
Flimsy product. Even with use of anchors, this cheap piece of junk would not stay in the wall. Drilled into studs, it simply fell out over and over.
Horrible grinder. Even after adjusting the beans just feel through. If I still had the box it would be going back.
Was looking forward to receiving the salt and pepper shakers but instead received a mason jar night light. Returned it and reordered the salt and pepper shakers but only received one shaker. Returned it and gave up. Too bad, they would have been just what I was looking for, for our teardrop trailer.
Not even useful for tea cups. Don't waste your money.
This is very small!!!
I have had good luck with Cuisinart Products but unfortunately this product is not one of them. The second day of use the lever handle fell off. It is like it was not glued on at the factory. I expect better from Cuisinart.
No matter how much water I put in it..little bit or 3/4 full..it spills all over when pouring..even pouring super slow..let me tell ya we have tried everything...now we just hold our cup & teapot over sink ...disappointed
Brought this lunch bag since I went back to work from maternity leave. I had it from my first day of work on Monday October 23 rd to that Wednesday 25th and the handle broke right off :( so sad because it's a cute bag
This turkey will topple over every time you take a turn. Unfortunately I had to take it out of the car and let my daughter use it as a toy. The weight distribution is off and therefore not able to stand well.
Flimsy. Will not stay in place.
Bought the product new, but was clearly refurbished for the following reasons (pictures included): 1) Parts assembled, despite instructions stating they were to be assembled 2) Signs of wear and tear - scratch on base and a worn down inner component
Following the recipe, we prepared sweet potatoes. The first batch was disappointing The Dash died before it got through the second batch of sweet potatoes. It never did restart. I would not recommend buying this product.
Sent me the wrong product. I paid full price and was refunded 1% of what I paid. Absolutely disgusting.
Very bad quality, did not roll my grape leaves good, I had owned one in the past but it was a much better quality than this, end up rolling by hands
As a senior with limited manual dexterity, I found this can opener difficult to use; maybe if I were younger and/or stronger, I'd feel differently about it; as it is, I would not recommend it for anyone of advanced years or limited use of their hands. After about 4 months, this stopped working altogether- not at all happy
So disappointed in this had high hopes. This was not even 3 weeks old. Didn't even use it everyday. When I did I dried the inside with a towel or paper towels. Very difficult to dry, you need to stick something in there to move the towel around because your hand will not fit. At $50 these should not rust. I have returned it. I ended up going with the Secura temperature control for the same price.
So cute , unpackaged it, washed the crock. Filled in with chicken and plugged it in. It has a huge dent in the side, so mad:box wasn't damaged so I assume it happened when packaged. A lot of money to pay for a damaged product!
One star because they aren't like the duralex glasses we use that are many years old. The color from the glass is chipping off after a single wash. So disappointed. I used them or else i would have returned.
Said it was delivered but it never was.
Not a good salad spinner. Doesn't spin!
save your money. too small to hold an average plate.
UPDATE: From the day I ordered this thing I kept getting a 5 error. Chefman never responded to my e-mails. Now I'm getting the same error and no response again from Chefman. I loved this product but am disappointed that I only got to use it 4 times and now it won't work The Chefman multicooker is really great. Bought this at the Amazon Flash Sale price. So far I have made two pot roasts and brown rice both times. My first pot roast I slow cooked for 4 hours from frozen and it came out great. Second time tried a roast with veggies and cooked it for 8 hours and that worked great too. Please read the cheat sheet that comes in the box. If you read the cheat sheet, you don't cook Brown Rice using the "Rice" setting, You have to cook it on "Pressure Cook" for 20 minutes with the pressure valve closed and do a quick release. Then the brown rice comes out perfect. The cooker has a stainless steel pot that is super easy to clean. I just wipe, rinse or throw in the dishwasher. I love being able to cook using just one pot. This is a great Multicooker. I plan to try slow cooked stew and chili next and will update my review.
Inaccurate description. I'm trying to return it, but have issues. Still within first 30 days.
So upset to receive a defective product. Support bar weld on one rack is defective and some grid wires are not straight. Fit well inside half sheet pan. Will be returning.
Had already been used! Pink frosting on it!! Sequin is falling off.
I received two salt shakers instead of one salt and one pepper.
My 5 year old pressure cooker looks better. Stained the first time used. It looks terrible.
Uneven browning, green lights that don't function, inability to heat up or retain heat; this appliance has it all. Oh, it is easy to clean all right. Now if it could just cook and brown a waffle. Because I purchased this on Amazon, All-Clad will not refund my money, even though they have sent me three replacements. That makes 4 waffle makers in all that I have returned over the past 3 months. Don't buy from Amazon, number one. Secondly, don't buy from All-Clad!
I am 5'2 and 110 lbs and this is extremely small for me. I plan to give it to my 6year old niece because it looks more suitable for a child.
I thought this would be great, given an average 4 star review. Got mine today and it won't grip onto the edge of a can to punch a hole. I tried several cans, just in case the juice can I wanted to open was the problem. I couldn't punch even the smallest hole in anything. I'll keep using the little one on my wallet multitool until I can get something else. Also, despite being a Prime member and this being a Prime eligible item, this item cannot be returned.
The bags came already torn :( just came out of the package
The zipper is doesn't stY closed. You zip it up and when you pick it up it opens! Not a product I would buy again!
Waste of my money. Doesn't keep cheese fresh.
The instructions are laughable. One has to buy an app to make the device work. If the app is free why is a credit card number asked for? I will be returning.
Liked it until water got inside thermometer. No idea how. Happened within a few months of purchase
The HDMI Converter did NOT work. I will send it back!!! Extremely disappointed.
Super small and shallow making it horrible for soup and 2 of them came shattered into pieces! Why would they group several fragile PORCELAIN spoons together in just one wrap, and ship in a bubble envelope?! come on now.
Not of quality that I expected
Too small and too dull to work well.
This was disappointing. The rollers have a plastic guide of some sort that caught the dough and jammed them immediately, rendering it useless. The cutting rollers worked fine, but we had to roll the dough by hand.
Attractive, but sheds fiber chunks like crazy. Impossible to use sweeper because it is too lightweight. It probably will not last much longer. Return window is closed, or it would go back.
This machine does NOT work as it should. Initially we thought the issue was that the Food Saver brand bags had some sort of a flaw. Food Saver sent out replacement bags, however the machine still does not extract the air properly. I will be requesting a refund/replacement, looking forward to seeing how that works.
The silver sheen gave my buttercream a blue tint. Good thing this was a practice cake. Too bad I can't return it, out $16 ☹️. Had to give one star in order to write a review.
It makes ice cream great until my paddle attachment broke off inside of the motor on my first batch :( was super excited but now I'm stuck with all these bases and no maker!
This was purchased well before Christmas, as a gift. Was just opened to be used and it doesn't work. When you shake it, it sounds like something is broken inside. I doubt I can get an exchange since I bought it in October.
Handle clip broke after 2 months of general use. Workers great but is poorly made for strength
I gave this as a gift. After one wash to prepare for use, the silicone strainer is ripped on one side and appears to be ready to tear on the other side. Disappointed.
Really poor quality. Wrap is loose and snap doesn't stay snapped. Very cheaply made
Top 2 tiers are not clear. Looks weird with bottom clear tier and 2 white tiers.
Very flimsy quality. I would never put good China in these
My knife cut through the "leather" right away. And it's not even a very sharp knife. I guess it's only $12 down the drain... and I'm still going to use it after I duct-tape patch it up so i dont cut myself. But definitely would like some sort of replacement if this was just a defective item. It certainly looks really cool and I like the design. But in reality what I recieved failed immediately out the box.
We used this iron for about a month as the locking mechanism broke. It is a plastic piece which appears to be not durable enough for regular kitchen use. I had to return the item, luckily got a refund.
I ordered this because of the high ratings, but mostly because of the fact that you cloud turn off the beeps and that is was supposed to be very quiet. I got it yesterday. There is no way you can turn off the beeps, no ECO, function and it is much noisier than my last microwave. The manual doesn't mention any of the features that the ad does. I contacted the company and they want me to send in a video of the problem. You can't video what isn't there. Therefore I'm returning it. It works , but there is not truth in the advertising of this product by the Aicok company.
The latch for the cover broke after second use. Plastic junk
doesn't effectively get peel off garlic.
This water bottle is super cute and looks great. Thick plastic and bright colors. But that does no good when the straw causes it to be unusable. It won't suck up any liquid, almost like it has a hole in it or doesn't seal around the top. You just suck on air. If I could find a replacement straw or lid I'd love to be able to change my review and give the bottle a fair shot, but right now it's only disappointed me.
This may not be a keeper. The other "one star" reviews were right on the mark. There's no way to fill the iron with enough batter to make a complete waffle. The batter cooks in the funnel before you can pour it all in. I've tried thinning the batter, but ended up with the bottom side overcooked, and the top side only 1/2 cooked. I didn't have any trouble getting the waffle out, or cleaning. I've tried it twice. I think I'll give it one more try, and if it doesn't work out, it's coming back. Sorry, but I think you need to work out a few wrinkles. The concept is wonderful.
gold trim rubbed off on rims...cheap looking, very disappointed
The plastic is very stiff, taking away the ability to form a decent seal. Only some of the wine stoppers are useful. My husband and I sealed several bottles of wine and the next day all the air was back in the bottle. Don't use this product on an expensive bottle of wine. The rubber needs flexibility.
These are terrible! They smell like spray paint when you first open them, then the spout leaks right away. DO NOT BUY!
I ordered 2 packages and they came quickly, but they had expired 2 months prior! I reordered another 2 packages, letting the company know that the previous ones were expired. I received the new ones again very quickly, however, they are expired as well! 😡 They are all going back! Where's their quality control???
Extremely Disappointed. They sent me the wrong item. I purchased the purple and blue bottles and received the purple and green. Also upon reading multiple reviews that stated that each bottle came with two lids, I decided to go ahead and make the purchase. They did not include the additional lid. Very disappointed in their lack on consistency of the product.
I missed the return date by a day because I was trying to make these work. Here is what happened: 1) tested one section and the glue side on the cabinet door let go. 2) I put the next one up with an additional spray glue and the glue failed on the plastic side and 3) Cut the strip and put up one small spice jar and after a few days the plastic gripper expanded. In all 3 trials the jars crashed on to the counter. Bad enough this company keeps selling these, but Amazon should not have these as an option. Lots of bad reviews.
it is hard to put the lid on. you have to seal each corner. also, one container broke during the first use
This is a cheaply made machine. The control setting letters started coming off right away. It started cooking weirdly after about 9 months. It stopped working completely after 1.5 years. Save your money.
The glassware containers are very nice but the lids to not stay closed. That's very unfortunate sadly. Not a great purchase.
Terrible. Started leaking after 3 months of light use
It broke on the first use. For sure not strong enough to use for ice cream.
Shorted out, spewed smoke, and died the first time it was plugged in, even though it was turned off. The switch was unresponsive.
Lid was cracked on the edge. Still works but would have been nice if they would have given us an option to contact the seller
Just received them last night....what do you want me to say...you guys should give the customer some time before asking for a rating!!
The stupidest purchase ever. They don't stack so you have to have a lot of freezer space if you can get a filled tray to the freezer without spilling. Good luck with that, lol. Buy covered trays, lol.
It is not made well cap keeps falling off
The big cup broke mid-blending and everything flew out all over my kitchen. This was the second time I ever used it
Hands down worst stir plate I've used for a yeast starter. The given magnet with starter will not align with magnets and just shoot off to the side of the flask. Completely useless.
I used it a few times but then it developed some white spots on the green tray. I scrubbed it several times but they would not come off. I contacted the company for a refund but have not heard anything.
I have a flat electric stove. Not sure that's what did it but it bent out of shape after a few weeks of use.
I received my gloves quickly. That was great. If you want to know what cancer smells like, order a pair of these. If you want to work in an oil refinery and need to protect your hands, order these. If you want to try and peel a potato but do not want to actually remove the skin, this is a great choice! If you want your potatoes to smell like the oil refinery you work in, rub them with these gloves! They will do the job!
I never recived my order
It does not heat up on electric or induction stove.
My recommendation is do not buy! When I first got this product, I was frustrated with the smooth, round top that made it difficult to operate. I got over that and it worked fine until today, when I discovered I could not get it to lock. A closer look revealed a small chip out of the plastic around the edge of the lid that obviously interferes with the locking function. Poor design! Now I will have to throw it away and buy another one. I expect these kind of products to be more durable than 9 months.
inexpensively made and easily broken
It doesn't fit the blender bottle that we have. It will screw on half way...which is half of what we need. Don't recommend.
I was so excited for this as I've been using a manual ice shaver. But alas, this one did not even shave the ice!! I couldn't even get a drop of shaved ice. My husband and I both tried. We put the ice in different ways, we added more ice and then less ice and it never worked. And of course we threw the box out and are now out the money for an ice shaver that doesn't work. Don't waste your money.
Gave this as a Christmas present. Only the frother was in the box. It's missing everything else in the bundle. Because we wrapped the box directly as is. We did not know parts were missing until after the gift was opened.
Open the box and discover a top side snap already cracked. I want to give this a chance but wonder about the durability of this product now.
The blade does not fit. It will destroy your grinder if you use it. Had to use the old blade. No reason a product this crappy should be sold.
Bought this 5 weeks ago. Stopped working 8 days after Amazon's 30 day policy. The coffee was great but grinder failed in 5 weeks. Amazon failed to service a good customer.
I've had these since April. The paint is peeling and peeling bad. I wrote it off but tonight a chunk ended up in my daughters mouth. Do not buy these cups.
Totally not dishwasher safe.. very cheaply made.. very disappointed
Not worth the money. Too whisk are too soft.
I have the original instapot which was awesome I figured I'd upgrade to the Wi-Fi one big mistake will not connect to my eero mesh Wi-Fi they call this thing smart it is far from it if it can't even connect to modern-day networking
These are NOT like the vintage ice cube trays which were sturdy and easy to get the ice out with one pull of the arm. These are cheap thin aluminum and the arm bends when you pull it up to separate the ice cubes so you CANNOT get the ice out of them. Here is what you wind up with, a big long solid block of ice with the separators stuck in the ice? Just don't buy them, Please save yourself the aggravation
I bought Corelle Simple Lines and you send the wrong one. I will return but I want to receive the right one.
I purchased 2 of these. This is the 2nd one that fell apart. I bought the 2nd one, thinking the first time was a fluke. Don't waste your money.
I cater events and went to make a second batch of lemonade and saw that sugar was sitting in the bottom. I used a plastic spoon to stir it and the whole back burst out. Lemonade got everywhere in the kitchen and I had to have the janitorial staff come clean up the huge mess! I now have one jar messing from the set. Not pleased!!
This was cheap, which was great financially, but the handle bent the first time I used it on a potato. You would think that if anything it would work on the vegetable that it's named for.
After a few months of use these no longer zip. Very frustrating.
I bought this with the intent to carry my lunch, but due to the size, it's impossible.
I was very disappointed that this product arrived damaged.
Inside of the bottle is rusted after a week of use.
Got these yesterday for my flour and sugar container. Decided to run thru the dishwasher and this is what happened
This is the cheapest made thing I've ever bought for my kitchen. The pump buttons don't work. I at for almost 15 minutes just pumping the button over and over, and the oil didn't move more than a 1/4 inch after all that. The buttons kept popping out and separating from the housing every 10 pumps or so. Taking it apart and putting it back together helped for all of about 5 pumps, and then it stopped working again. If it had better construction I'm sure it would be great, but in this form it is essentially useless. I finally looked it up online and found this is a huge issue with it, but for some reason those reviews haven't propagated to the Amazon page for the product yet.
This product claims to be dishwasher safe. It is not! I bought two. They both melted in the dishwasher.
Died after 1 year, nothing happens when you click on the milk frothier.
It started out working well but after a few months began to stick. The problem became worse over time and after a year I hated it and donated the pan. I would never buy another pan like this.
This does not fit my LG refrigerator,the number is right but will not install.The tabs where the small hole is on the filter are shaped wrong.i trimmed off the 2 plastic tabs with a knife and i did get it in.You have a design problem.i will not buy again.
They are very fragile. I used them 3 times and the third time in the dishwasher water got in the bottom of one of them. Sad Because I really love the look and wanted to order a whole set.
Second time using this, after just a couple of minutes on the stovetop, it cracks completely. Useless.
Not as described. Paint quality is very poor. Bottle cap doesn't close properly and water leaks even you close it very tightly. I tried to return it but the said we need it's orignal packaging which I already destroyed. Don't waist your money.
It is very pretty and purple, there's only one problem: IT DOESN'T WORK! Scores the can about halfway above where it should, I still have to use my manual opener. Annoying. I wish I had used it enough to return it and get my money back.
This product looks OLD to me. The seller (Paul White) just used an old bag to send this product. Not from the original package. It looks like has been used already but the condition shows “NEW”. I will never buy anything from that seller again...~_~...I would like to give a 0 star if I can.
I have 2 of these I'm sending back. First one didn't work and neither did it's replacement. Neither of them could pump water through the coffee. I don't recommend this product.
This product does not mist it squirts the oil out. Very much not as advertised.
Be careful before ordering this. The product that was sent to me was entirely different than the product shown in the picture. I quickly returned it.
Just received the can opener today. Can't attest to their Performance at this time. I can however say that the reviews, at that time and after they were already bought, did not say anything about a can opener. I issued a comment to Amazon about this and I now see it's been remedied. However, it went from 4.5 stars and 76 reviews to what you see now. I don't hold out much hope for long lasting durability. They are flimsy and cheap looking but I'll give them a shot.
Broke to fast I am very disappointed
I never received the product and have sent messages that haven't been returned.
I was really excited to receive these, however; they didn't work. Not sure if they were defective. Also, not sure how you could clean the item. In the short period of time it started getting mold and it is not easy to clean.
The bowls are sturdy but all the lids do not seal properly, which defeats the purpose of the lids. So I would suggest passing on this item.
The second time I used it, I noticed there was some mess inside the silver base after. I figured some food had dripped down while serving. I have used it for the fifth time now and the mess got a little worse each time. While washing it this time I found a crack that goes all the way through the bottom. I have always hand washed, never dropped it or used it outside it's base and have never had it turned on/hot longer than 7hrs. There is no reason for it to be this way after less than six months or uses
I ordered 2 of these 2 months ago and still haven't gotten them. I contacted the seller, and they said they had a problem with them being stuck at USPS, but they'd promptly have them delivered within the next few days. That was almost a month ago. I had to contact them again, I'm waiting to hear back. But I'm really upset about it. Especially given how expensive it was.
Said it would fit our Watt Ninja. Didn't even come close to fitting. Don't waste your money. They're junk.
Quality not present given the price. I just received the pan and the lid will not fit properly. It has a large gap on one side or the other. The photos show it with and without the gap. When you close it on one side it just opens up on the other.
the pot coating is too thin, which causing the rice sticks to the pot. very poor quality made. I will not recommend it to anybody, if you want to keep the pot stays warm over night, this will not be the right pot for you,
Just received my package and both black end pieces arrived broken- there was no package damage and plenty of bubble wrap for protection- why would you ship something that is clearly broken into pieces? Buy one at Bed Bath and Beyond for $14.99
These don't work. Just take your money and light it on fire. These are just awful. This company should go out of business. Shame on you, amazon for allowing them to sell their product
They sent me a dented beer stein that couldn't stand up straight because the bottom was bent. I complained and Amazon credited my account with the cost as this was a third party vendor and they couldn't send a replacement to me. I then ordered another one and it was dented too. I think that's how unscrupulous third party vendors get rid of inferior and/or damaged goods. They ship them to customers who won't complain rather than junk them as they should!
Came in a paper package, so I was disappointed with that first. Then opened up the package to see the infuser hanging out of the damaged and opened box, so another let down. Then took out the infuser to see a huge dent in the mesh housing, very disappointed. Horrible experience from the beginning, I wouldn't buy again or recommend this. It doesn't seem like they cared at all about it getting to me safely.
They need better welders or craftsmen working for them, because these pans sucked. I got this cake pan and the number 1 for a 13th birthday party. The pans arrived in a timely fashion. I was very excited until I washed the pans. Both pans leaked badly. I couldn't use them. I had to find another way make a 13 cake. So I'm sending them back.
I bought this on September 7. Today is October 20. One month and thirteen days later and the larger burner has already failed. Very disappointed.
These don't even close.
Bought these for my son's birthday and they looked like a big orange squash when blown up. Waste of money and time.
Received in April and it's broken already. Too late to return. Replaced the batteries with new batteries. No power
This item has changed from my original item which had teethed metal on BOTH sides. It worked great with all sizes of jars. This one has the teeth only on one side and does nothing but spin and does not hold and grab.
I bought this last year, use it all good. But last month, it does not working any more. The light is flashing all the time and it does not heat water. I push the boiling button, it stopped flashing, but is still not heating. After 2 mins, it is flashing again. I figure it out it is still under warranty, hope the seller help me take care of it.
Not the greatest at keeping product the freshest. Sure there are products out there that are better.
While I was happy to get this IT WAS NOT NEW as it was stated . It was dirty and I had to clean it up . I would still have bought it even used but was sad to see that someone had not told the truth
Seriously? A glass bottle was shipped to us in a padded paper envelope! Oh wait...the envelope made it but the bottle was gone...Envelope was ripped open. Seriously...who ships a GLASS BOTTLE in an ENVELOPE! Smh. We called amazon and were refunded....
I won't not buy again
This thing is super tiny. I've seen mice bigger than this thing. Mickey Mouse is a close personal friend of mine
This shit didn't even last a month the lil basket thing broke inside I had to take it all the way apart to get the weed out
I didn't get the carrying case.
Fabric is not breathable and made my skin hot and sweaty. Item is not very adjustable from top to bottom, so it does not do a good job keeping chin up and mouth closed.
Never could get the app to load and connect. Waste of time and money. App was terrible. Childish interface, never connected to device.
Did not allow tea to diffuse into the hot water. The holes are microscopic. Threw into the recycle bin. The best way is dump the tea into the water then strain.
I was finally able to try this drainer and honestly it is so inconvenient. It does not even drain the water out since the little thing keeps turning everywhere. And the water stays right in the middle and does not go anywhere and sometimes it is so much water that when it fills up to the top it comes out of the drainer!!!! Making a mess in the counter. Not pleased!
I purchased these 2 of these rugs in 2015, in 2016 and again in 2018. Stupid right? I kept hoping Amazon would fix the design flaw. Nope. Each of the rugs (6 total now) lasts only about a year. It starts separating at the edges and becomes a tripping hazard. They look great, are easy to clean, and feel nice under your feet, but you WILL be replacing them in the next two years. They just don't last long. Fix it Amazon! We expect quality products from you!
Despite being a great dupe for hydro flask I'm updating my original review. The straw doesn't work and makes weird noises.
I bought the happy birthday balloon , but you sent me the 3 and 0 balloons . That made us so sad at my friends birthday party .I was so embarrassed.
A soft cheese knife is supposed to cut soft cheese without ripping it. This rips right through it. Both semi soft and soft cheeses have stuck to the knife. It's also too weak to cut through hard cheese. It is useless.
At first the box was fine, but after ca. 1 year, part of the lid broke off, and a few months later the lid got moldy from the inside. I always washed it by hand and never put it in the dishwasher. Would not buy it again.
Didn't work the way the advertisement pictured it hard to handle only cuts very small potatoes
Got the product in the mail in the handle was already broken. Amazon sucks I have to bring back this heavy box and have it returned to them and got no compensation in return. But I did order the item again hopefully this is just a fluke.
These were never delivered
I wanted to use this on my induction stovetop as a griddle and it cracked the first time I used it. Very disappointing.
Worked great for 4 months at one cup or less per day. Now only half of the water comes out before it shuts off.
The product arrived in a bone color, and I attempted to contact the seller to remedy the situation without writing a negative review. They chose not to respond to my initial request to return these for White ones (as advertised). We have heard nothing from them - and it seems are stuck with Bone coffee cup that don't match our White plates and bowls. Very disappointed indeed. If you want Bone (more beige than white) you'll be very happy!
Broke the first time I used it
Arrived crushed - the plastic was not hard -would't purchase again.
Pro: handle feature comes in handy Con: Be mighty careful and don't tip or jostle too hard as the seal feature doesn't do a very good job, Hot liquids cool down very fast, even after preheating with hot water. Would not buy again nor recommend.
Worked well last year. This year I used it twice and then it broke. Plastic completely cracked. So disappointed.
only for the fact that they sent the wrong product, fortunately they returned the money, but the holiday was spoiled and the person was left without a present.
I purchased the plastic ware for a party. Found the quality poor, found the forks to be flimsy and easily broke when stabbing a thin piece of chicken. Knifes could be sharper. Would not reorder again.
Sucked. All the tea leaks out of them
THIS PRODUCT IS MADE IN CHINA-NOT THE UK AS IT FALSELY ADVERTISES... IF THEY ARE LYING ABOUT THAT ...WHAT ELSE ARE THEY LYING ABOUT!!!
I returned it. Too complicated
Bought this for my husband for Christmas 2018. He started using it around March of 2019. It now has rust in the bottom of it. Not happy at all!
Good concept but a terrible design,wouldn't recommend this one. When you open the flip top to drink it hits your nose and I am constantly wiping coffee off my nose. I am going to throw it in the garbage.
First one never worked. Company replaced it with another one. Replacement lasted about one month before it quit working. Do not recommend this unit at all. Spent a little more money and bought a better one. You get what you pay for!
I did not receive my twist ties with my product. Really needed them. Could've gone to the dollar store.
Don't buy it!!!! I can't believe I did not read the reviews first. Sooooooo disappointed. It's absolute bull. Fake. Doesn't work.
It was to complicated to use never buying it again!!
nice but to small for my needs
It is made of silicone, I'll give it that, however therein lies the only accuracy its manufacturer should claim. In order to be a mold , in this case to allegedly make round and square ice cubes, the two parts need to join together in order to impart a shape to the material. For this product, they don't, the top of the round mold is so thin and light weight that it simply floats off, there is no mechanism to join the two they simply sit one on top of the other. For a mold this is an exceptionally poor design. The square mold suffers the same issue, its so thin walled and flimsy that it cannot hold its own shape even when full of water. If you are extremely careful and have a flat perfectly level spot to place the square mold full of water with extreme care and you don't move too fast from the sink to the freezer you may be able to act with enough gentleness to not disturb it and possibly get an ice cube. For me this would be far more trouble than its worth.
Buyer Beware: I was not aware of a No Return policy on this item. When I purchased it, it said "shipped from and sold by Amazon" and is an "Amazon Choice". I saw no warning that it would not be returnable. I have arthritis in my hands, and I found that the wide grip needed to hold with carafe without risk of dropping it is impossible for my hand and would definitely be too heavy with liquid in it.
When the cups arrived they were poorly packaged, all of the cups were badly scratched and some even dented.
The plastic molding on the filter is really really poorly done which makes me doubt the quality of the plastic used, and whenever I see low quality plastic I'm always concerned about whether it contaminates food. 1) the edges of the molding are burnt (that or they are dirty and I'm not sure which one is worse). 2) You can see a thin film of plastic on the edges from where the filter was cut out of the larger plastic molding, similar to the plastic splotches you see on plastic toy soldiers. I wouldn't drink hot or cold liquids from this because. Manufacturer, can you attest to what type of plastic is used in this filter?
READ!!! All the bad reviews are for the same reason, after 6 months it stops working. Issues on the clean button, which it's not the main problem because even though you clean it, it doesn't work ever again. When you turn it on it starts brewing for a minute and then it stops, even if you keep turn it on again it shuts off again and again. Don't buy it!
Junk. Not genuine Thirstystone. One stuck to the bottom of my glass, fell off and broke. Junk!
The product looks great. However the plastic base smelled very toxic when coffee maker heats up and you can't time the percolating process therefore it brewed very week coffee. Percolating is supposed to be timed so people can choose how strong they want their coffe.
My daughter and I couldn't even open the box! Sending it back.
When I put the lid on two of these I heard glass crack and shards of glass fell into the food. I had to throw out all the food I had put in these.
Gave this carrier to a friend for Christmas. She used it once and one of the plastic containers cracked as she was WASHING it. Seriously? I know I can't expect thin plastic to live up against substantial falls or the like but it SHOULD be able to at least make it through a hand washing.
the product seemed like it would sit flat against the wall. Unfortunately the photos failed to show that a large protruding round structure is at the back of the unit. Therefore the unit has to sit at least 6 inches from the wall. There are no returns available on this product. Hamilton Beach customer support were extremely rude and make me never want to purchase a product from them again.
Piece of junk. Turning knob fell off on 2nd use. Do not purchase
the package was lost
Very cheap flat rugs. Rug dont fit around toilet and the cut is very uneven. You get what you pay for I guess.
Horrible locking design, little kids are not able to open at all
Part of the front of the mug was all blurred out including part of his face. Bad print job I guess. But what can you expect really...
Stay away from this product. Over cooks even on warm!
I fell in love with Bubba mugs while on a road trip through Yellowstone National Park with a friend a couple weeks ago. She had the car stocked with fun treats and we each had our own Bubba cup. After that weekend, when I flew home, I couldn't wait to get my own. I bought one at Walmart and ordered 2 here on Amazon. I'm shocked and so disappointed that all 3 do not keep ice for more than 4 hours. How is this possible that all 3 have failed from 2 different stores??? I just ordered 2 off the Bubba website to compare but I fear they have changed something in the manufacturing process. I know these are normally amazing because I've experienced it! But, sadly, the love is gone.
Sent in the correct box but wrong mug! Embarrassing as it was a birthday gift!
Less than a month later, there are traces of corrosion that can no longer be used
I just received the product, one of the lids is missing the spill proof sliding part and I went to try and return the items and it says no returns. So you can't send this back even if it came destroyed.
It's impossible to use it. Waste of money.
This sugar container is very very small! I got it after reading people's good comments about it. However, I returned it day after I received it; Because it is very small I can only fit 8 oz of sugar in it. I gave it one star because it has no use for me.
The blades are not Sharpe at all, and the bent the first time I use it.
Within the first 50 cycles of using this product TWO whipped cream canisters were released and shot into the ceiling and across the room. These cartridges are under immense pressure and have caused some injuries and at least one death in the past with normal, twist-on holders. We threw this away immediately after our 2nd canister shot out. Though fun and fast, I would never recommend this product to anyone after that. I can't link outside URLs here but there is an article from The Guardian "Fitness blogger dies after exploding whipped cream dispenser hits her" if you want to search for the story about the woman's death with a malfunctioning siphon.
These are like play forks. One step up from plastic. Good for very casual needs. Really cheap looking. You get what you pay for.
I only had it for a couple of weeks and then it quit working. It's incredibly cute but the size means a lot less stability. It stopped drawing more than about a third of a cup of coffee and then the motor just kept running. I chose not to get a replacement. Amazon gave me a refund with no problems.
It was shattered into pieces, like snow flakes. Thin glass not packaged properly
does not do anything like the presentation. Bad product.
Description says it is induction ready. It is NOT! Not only does it not work with a magnet, I put it on our induction cooktop, all it says is error, when my other induction cookware works fine. Supplier your description is misleading. Please correct before other people needing to send their package back like I do.
The main bowl is not sealed it allows liquid to leak out through the middle hole
Came broke and the filter inside rattled around, very light plastic not a sterdy base. Very disappointed for the price. On it's way back to the seller
this was what I wanted but it didn't last broke so easy
Its a beautiful chopping board, but the first thing I did when I got it was to add oil to it as it looked a bit dry. When I came back the next day to use it first time it was a large crack running down the middle. First time I've seen happen with my chopping boards.
A lot smaller than expected. Never used
One of the containers has stopped working useless
The cup started leaking.
The measuring cups came with bent handles and the 1 cup handle was completely unattached. Unfortunately this item was not eligible for returns.
Wanted to love it but the lid will not align or close after just a few uses. So disappointing! This would definitely be going back to the store if not purchased online. :(
I was able to use this 5 times, then it just stopped working. Complete garbage, I threw it away. DO NOT BUY
Pieces inside is made of plastic and after few uses it broke and it's useless now won't recommend spending money on this
Neither the lid or the cap would stay on / sent back
This was terrible. The top of it unglued and is super flimsey.
Update - The company reached out to me just to tell me to use drag batteries (I used brand new Energizer batteries), use the reverse and forward (I used both every time), and evenly distribute (I did). The product isn't good, it doesn't work, it's a waste of money, period. I bought this to make grinding weed faster...or so I thought. This device is probably best used for herbs and spices but not weed. This device doesn't allow for a good amount of weed to be put into it and you basically have to grind it down yourself to fit it in-between the teeth in order for the top piece to fit back on. So it holds very little herb. It gets stuck all the time and I constantly have to use the cleaning tool to get the weed out. I compared it to my handheld grinder and I got a lot more weed out of my handheld with a lot less hassle. It's a good concept but it just doesn't work well for weed. I also think it would be better if you could feed the weed through the cone-shaped top and then have it grind down instead. Because the reason I think this doesn't work is that in order for the top to go back on and work, you can only put in a minimal amount of weed and you must break it down into very small pieces which negates the entire reason I bought this. I am looking for a faster and easier way to grind a larger amount of weed at once. I would not recommend this for anyone looking to use it for weed. I can't say how it would be with other herbs and spices but since I have this, I may one day try it out for other use. Though I still think it will be more work since the area where you put the herb in is very tight and only allows a small amount inside in order to put the top piece back on.
It's surprising that Amazon can sell stuff like this that could damage instead of clean your expensive equipment. I bought these brushes because the design and shape of the handle while odd looking seemed very practical. It's long, curved with a disc-shaped collar that together would help save your hand from hot (potentially scalding) water while cleaning your expresso machine group head at several angles. HOWEVER, the bristles are so stiff and tightly packed with rough flat edges that it might as well be a stiff wire brush or a block of metal or wood. Instead of dislodging coffee grounds from the machine's group head it is likely to push them up into the holes insuring serious clogging with repeated use. It's like shoving or pushing the grounds up into the tiny holes. The more you use it the worst it will be. A clogged machine will require profesional attention or expensive thorough cleaning. Ironically the stiff bristles come "protected" inside a plastic cap. Maybe is to protect the plastic bag from the brushes. Perhaps these might be good to clean a toilet bowl rim or the inside of metal drain pipes. My first reaction was to throw them in the garbage and make sure to avoid products from this maker and vendor. But ill send them back so that maybe Amazon will realize how bad it is.
Buyer be aware! Cheap sticker cover, not leather! The steel is not good grade at all! Smells horrible with black grease on it!
was warped in less then a day
Didn't fit anywhere in my kitchen, the rolls slide off the handle all the time
The base was broken and could not charge. Had to return it.
Product made horrible grinding sound. Tried several times to contact customer service with no answer. Would not buy again.
Useless with broken lid, cracked clean in half. Need lid replaced or new tumbler sent. BTW this is the second item in three weeks packaged by Amazon that was received broken. This is not the seller's problem, but Amazon's. I had to mark only 1 star so Amazon will replace item.
Is too small by far for 2.0 is 1.0 is not order 1.0 and sent out the package
I read the reviews throughly and made sure that I don't put it in the dishwasher. Regardless, the lid got distorted and now I can't even close it after using it less than 10 times. Don't buy this if you are thinking of every day lunch box
It doesn't seem hygienic to drink thru a small hole or a straw. And then again if you unscrew the to drink thru the opening there is still that little opening that then would eventually need to be cleaned also.
If I could give zero for this product I would. Two filters purchased. One functions, the other stop functioning after two refills. Same water supply. There seems to be some issue with quality control.
Wasn't even a hole drilled through to allow CO2 to go through the lines... wasted money
While the product seems great .... when I opened the shipping box two of the packing boxes inside had been damaged, but not visible at first, glass shards were spilling out the slight opening of the boxes, resulting in several punctures and cuts to my hands.
Rusted after first use!
Started cutting some soft Costco turkey breast slices, using the knife gently, and motor started slowing down within 20 seconds. By 30 seconds, it died entirely, with electrical smell coming from housing. Returned.
Package arrived but no measuring spoons in it. So how do I get someones attention to correct this?
Super mad. It had a big scratch across it. I just opened it up.
This product is a flat out no go. It does not work. The trays do not fit together well enough to create ice balls. The top tray floats on top of the water, leaving you a sheet of ice with orbs in it.
The first one we received read 1.4 degrees hotter than actual temp. Amazon was nice to replace it for free. The second one did not work at all.
I'm sorry I never write reviews but this is by far the worst Keurig Maker, it literally blows the Keurig cup apart and shoots coffee grounds INTO your coffee cup. Of course I was giving it a chance and did not get it sent back before the time frame of doing so. Ughhhh frustrated!!
Two stones came broken and one wasnt glued to its base. Way smaller than expected. Iphone 7+ for reference. Getting a refund.
Purchase stated it had arrived on a Tuesday and was located inside our (extremely small) mailbox. No item arrived. Reached out to Amazon customer service and had to get a refund on Thursday as the package had still not arrived. Disappointed.
This mug is not dishwasher safe. It says it's dishwasher safe but it definitely is not. After one time in the dishwasher, the printing was completely gone. I was left with a plain yellow mug.
very cheap, broke after the first use.
Works ok but a terrible design. Very hard to get pressed garlic off the press due to the curved design. Hard to clean as well. The original design is much better.
Worked great for about 2 months, now 4 of the probes don't work.
Open it up and there is no letter A! The reason I bought this was to work on my son's letters and I'm so disappointed.
The kit pictured is not the kit received. It shows that there is a dinosaur cutter in the kit and it is extremely misleading because there was no dinosaur cutter in the kit I received.
First one broke and the second one gave out after 3 uses
You have to shake the container to get the ingredients to blend. I followed the directions to a "T". Also does not do a good job crushing ice. Leaves chunks. Really disappointing!
Returned containers because of defective design. Lids will only fit backward so that you have to hold containers from the front to pour contents. Not sure the seal will hold securely against determined bugs; difficult to secure.
I am not terribly happy with the sharpener! It is OK but I have had better results over the past 25 years with a Norton tripple stone set. As a butcher I need SHARP knives and this sharpener just is not delivering the quality edge I have been able to get in the past. I watched all of the available videos before I ordered the sharpening system, when it arrived I read the manual a couple of times while looking at the system and then I watched all of the videos again as I set the sharpening system up. When I put my first knife on it I had a video playing so I could listen to it as I was going through the motions. I attempted to sharpen 6 Victorinox knives that are HC stainless and one carbon knife the carbon knife stained the stone so bad it no longer looks white it is red. I DID put dish soap in the lube water to make clean ip easier but it sis not help, even soaking the stone did not help. The entire ONE HUNDRED AND SIXTY FIVE DOLLAR system is sitting in a drawer right now and will likely never be used again. The money would have been better spent on a set of Norton Tri Hone Stones and holder!
I tried every possible SEASONING possible for these nasty little pans. With or without seasoning, everything sticks, sticks, sticks.
They are to small and to thin; not what we buy at COSTCO; maybe purchased wrong ones??
I bought this wine pourer twice since it did what it was suppose to do perfectly. Thats where the buck stops. The build quality is not good at all. since both the pourer broke after about a month of use ie around after 10 bottles of wine each. They provided life time guarantee in these products but both the numbers listed on their information has been disconnected. I do not recommend.
Read the small print, scammers.
Very disappointed not the same as the ones I have purchased in the past at target. Straw is flimsy doesn't stay connected :-(
It does not warm well
Product came and would not turn on. Called support, they were good but no help, send another . Had to throw out 25 cups of uncooked rice. We will see.
Never received this item, even though I contacted the seller several times.
It only worked once for me . It would turn on intermittently. Great price
I made a mistake when I ordered. I wanted the one that is actually. wood. This one is a plastic looking wood. The bar that is used for tearing the towel did not come with it
It's very flimsy. Could hardly open a bottle with it.
Honest review. This product has a mass appeal but, in reality is nothing more than attention grabbing. Do NOT buy.
When I received this it was all scratched up and not in good condition!
I don't usually leave reviews unless I find them useful to others. I don't recommend this product, very ridiculous to clean. I used it once and washed it immediately after use and the entire skillet rusted, every time I re-wash it it just ends with the same results. I wouldn't want to cook with it ever again. Never had this problem with any other skillet I've used.
Too thin to be used as a hot pad. Heat goes right through the thin rubber.
Ok bottle for the price. Cap does not secure well. Fast forward a few months later and the cap comes apart into two pieces and the bottle leaks. I do not recommend it.
The product just work a few days, and broken.
Arrived with dents all over lid. Very disappointed.
How am I supposed to give this as a gift to the bride and groom (from their registry) if it looks like a piece of used garbage??? The paint job is sloppy and it looks dirty straight out of the package!!! Good thing I checked it before wrapping and gifting. It's really not cool how we customers purchase items off of Amazon that should be brand new and quality checked before being shipped to us!!!
Tip of the knife broke off within days of use
Did not boil, heat, nor light up after being plugged into a working outlet and switched on. 👎🏼
The item I received was not the product depicted (see pictures attached). Missing lid etc. Furthermore, upon requesting a return, I was expected to pay for postage to ship the incorrect (and damaged) item back to the seller.
This machine was very loud and popped maybe half of the kernels and threw out the other half. I returned it.
Color was way off . ..
It is just 1 wipe. The ad says 12. What a rip off.
chopping ribs the board cracked
Stopped working after 45 days of use. Changed batteries but did not make any difference. poorly made
Our espresso maker came with a family of meal worms living in it. They were crawling all over the inside of the machine Truly disgusting .
I actually dropped this on the garage floor putting the batteries in it. As soon as I got it! It broke into many pieces. It's a piece of crap.
Never received them. Amazon should stop dealing with this seller.
Stopped working after a few weeks. No customer service, company out of business. Amazon would not replace the product, and charged me a restocking fee to return the pressure cooker.
The popsicles did not fit in these. If you have small popsicles you will be fine, but it doesn't work for the ones we have.
I bought 3 of these boxes for my toddler to pack lunch for daycare. For the first 2 weeks it worked great, but after that all the lids started with a crack, now few of them are broken. Also the boxes have changed shape after putting them in top rack dishwashing for 2-3 weeks. It didn't work for us at all, waste of money.
DO NOT BUY! I did not receive the product that I ordered. I reached out to them and they keep stalling by first saying it was the warehouse, then the supplier, now they have it but their shipping software is down, it would be one thing if they were honest about what is going on but I just keep getting the run around when all I want it what I paid for
Containers arrived cracked and broken. I don't understand why I need to go through the hassle of printing a label, packaging, and returning to get my money back. These cannot be resold to anyone else. This is very inconvenient for me.
procuct did not fit the coffee maker
This rug is very very thin and wont last very long, very poor made and wasn't worth the low cost price, what a waste.
I bought this to sharpen my Wustof Ikon knife set, but it did not work. In fact it seem to strip the edge off my knives and make them worse than ever.
I purchased these to use in my insulated lunch box after reading all of the great reviews. They. Are. Awful. They **might!!** stay cold for 4 hours. They were completely thawed in 6. Already sent back!
It's a no for me. The peeler is great but the press is not. I made guacamole and had to hand chop the garlic that didn't get crushed properly. I'm also disappointed because the handles ARE comfy and I love the idea of flipping the handle to push out the remaining bits. Returning
2 of my jars came broken
I rate this a zero. This is terrible coloring. It's stains everything. It got on my hands and it's dyed my skin, it got on my countertop stain my countertop pink. When I took my contacts out the color transferred onto my contact and ruin an entire contact. Do not ever buy this. And Amazon will not refund the money. That is ridiculous.
Looks nice but it does not like regular size bread and have not even tried bagels.
What good for a while. Now it doesn't get hard anymore and it does not pop good anymore we had it for three months
Had to buy items to finish putting it together seller wouldn't even respond
I've had these for about five months now. I put them in the dishwasher and the coating is now pealing off. When I first got them I love them, but now not so much.
So excited about this but it is so difficult to use - takes 5 minutes to open one can
Was good at first but the ring to hold it broke already.
One of the food storage bags would not open and ripped so it is completely unusable. We didn't open the package right away, so the return date has passed and I am stuck with one less silicone storage bag. Haven't had a chance to use the other bags that did not rip to see if we actually like them or not.
The top when locked-in does not hold in place and if you try to carry with handle, the top would call me apart. wished I did not purchased this item. Thought it would go with the silicon bundt pan mold to transfer goods, but would not recommend this item.
Less than 6 weeks after the mug arrived, I had to return it. Hairline cracks formed on the inside and outside.
Container came to me open and all was crumbled
Out the four glasses sent to me, two were completely shattered whenever I opened the box..
Never received this item!
The ice balls don't come out perfectly Sphere and not easy to make
The head broke after a week of using it. Tried cleaning in between the springs and the spring detached from the head. Now it's useless.
It did not fit the bowl.
Bought it for Christmas for my kids for summer time. We're in Florida so summer X happening now right in the beginning of March. Plastic casing broke on Second Use. Too late to return it. I think the thing will still function without the plastic casing. Hope so cuz very disappointed that the plastic was so fragile. I have three kids who love popsicles! We had those old timing plastic ones with the sticks you stick in but it still takes like 4 hours for them to freeze. I was really excited about this product because it could make popsicles so quickly and three different kinds if you wanted to suit the kids wishes, not that I'm a pushover mom or anything lol. But yeah when's the plastic casing broke off there's all kinds of ugly screws and everything else. It seems that the liquid inside is still maintained in its vessel. But I'm not really relying on this whole thing when the plastic broke on Second Use which would be the fourth popsicle.
Product was broken when I opened the box. Says it is a non-returnable item so can't send it back and get another. Never got it turned in because it cannot be assembled with a broken plastic latch latch....
Interesting that they would send a cover without a handle
Sent back the grey as it looked more brown than grey. Bought black instead.
This was a total waste of money. I can't even read it.
Used once and discovered a huge split down center in the grain lines. I wanted a board with a drip reservoir for catching meat juices, and this split entirely defeats the purpose. I will have to use this for dry stuff only, veggies, etc.
Arrived with spout broken off.
The gears or wheels or whatever you call them don't work together, so it's difficult to turn the knob.
I bought this product because of the great reviews. It's been falling apart since the first week! The rods don't stay in the rubber that's supposed to hold it together. Horrible product!
And for healthy option and I was glad to find these. the first two months they were great then they became so hard to use. Food gets stuck to them and no matter how much oil about three put on them. You have to wash them by hand only and use wooden or soft spoons to cook with, no dishwasher. Our sink is now full of pans most of the time soaking some food off. I wish I got those in Costco so I can return it. I am about to buy Costco's brand pots and pans just few months after paying hundreds of dollars for this one. Do not recommend
Do not buy this!! It is super small doesnt heat up and if u want to return it u have to pay over $10!!!
This holds about 3 cups of water, strictly a decoration
Product came undone within weeks.
Terrible glass, does not look authentic please look further, very disappointing.
Not very easy to use.
Electric probe fell off heating cord as I unpacked this skillet. I have had a similar one for several years & loved the size, it worked well & I wanted a replacement before it gave up the ghost.
No where in the description of the product does it disclose that the happy birthday sign and stars are not attached to the sticks. They provide this awful sticky dot that does not work. I used my own scotch tape to attach the signs and the star only sparkle on one side. The other side is white card board. We used them but have purchased better cake decorations from amazon.
Looks like good quality but the items I received are cake pans, not pie plates.
Meat stick keeps losing synchronization with my phone. Often in the middle of cooking. Very annoying. Not recommended.
The product is cheap
Never came. Never heard from seller again.
Unfortunately, as others have mentioned, this order came to me without lids - rendering these bowls useless for me to transport my lunch in to work every day on the subway. Bulky item and annoying to return.
Second time I used one, it leaked from the opening.
I reside in an independent living community. Our rooms have no kitchens and I was very pleased to have a toaster so that I could make myself something to eat on occasion. I used the toaster approximately 5 times since I bought it in October and now the handle will not stay down...I even bought one of the nice covers for it and kept it covered when not in use. It appears as if I only had 30 days to return it. I will pay more for my next toaster to have someplace with a better return policy.
The bag is strong and tall enough, however, that is where the good ends and poor design starts. The bag holds only 12 ounces of coffee while barely remaining below the top of the cold brew maker. As you can see from the pictures the bag was tight and firm when the coffee was allowed to soak overnight. I found the quality of the coffee no as good and making the coffee without this bag or with the proper sized bag that allows the water to come in full contact with the coffee. I find this product NOT to be a good choice!
Followed the instruction and filled the water to the appropriate level but this kettle started leaking out water from the base only after several uses. Very dangerous to use. The kettle continued to be on even when the water was leaking out. Do not recommend.
Something in the sink needs to be rust proof! Sturdy and not brake 3 months after use. I tried fixing it myself and it still gave out. Not a worth buying product.
It ~maybe~ worked a couple of times but it's pretty useless now. Don't waste your money.
never received product, paid for.
While these were easy use and clean, out of three we ordered for a fundraising event -all three triggers broke within minutes.
Bought these special for a trip, wish I can return! They leak everywhere and are very bulky to carry around.
it broke in transit so i returned it.
This product didn't work as described. The fruit was stuck in the machine and hardly any came out. It looked and felt cheap to me.
Packaged arrived as pictured on my doorstep, but it contained other items. The filters were not in the package.
Came in an open box missing parts. The screw and washers for the handle attachment. This is the second 12 inch lid missing parts in open box. The first was Techef a different brand so the issue seems to be at the warehouse in Indianapolis.They put open boxes back on the shelves with missing parts and ship them out.
Put right amount of rice and water, boiled over everytime, scorched rice on bottom.
Something is very wrong with the metal used in these shakers. After two weeks of use one of my shaker containing sumac has holes all over it and no im not talking about the lid. Holes in the metal sides of the shaker (see photos). Definitely a low grade of stainless if its even stainless and now my sumac is tainted do not buy these. Zero stars but you have to give it at least one to review 👎
There is mold all over this!!!!
Not what I thought them to be.
Does not spin when trying to mix epoxy
The packaging is horrible. Three out of six dishes were completely broke and one was chipped away at the ends. The perimeter of the box was isolated with a three sided foam box. In between the dishes, the placed a thin silk like lining. The box was not marked for fragile. I had to do something else. When reporting the broken plates to them, they tried to send replacements out but when I received them it was too late for my event. This happened on Jan. 3rd and they billed my credit card yesterday for those two dishes they I didn't send back. Let me say, the the never told me to. So I'm frustrated all over again.
I bought in May 31st 2019 and it's June 29 2019 it's a little ridiculous that it's still not here and I originally bought a metal folding straw but the seller has changed the product and picture so many times I do not know what product I'm actually getting. I will definitely not be buying from this seller again
I did not realize that this time only had minutes - I thought it had hours too - only does minuets so if you want a 2 hour alarm you had to punch in 60 minutes - and then 60 again when the first alarm goes off. pain. VERY LOUD also
I received this cheese board with a crack right down the section where the crackers are placed. The wood is so thin that there's no wonder it arrived this way or would have broken after a very short time. The cutting tool holder is splintered as well.
I bought this specifically because it has "extra-long ties." Unfortunately, "extra-long" is a relative term. They are not long enough to go around.my waist and tie in front. Width of the apron at the ties is 26 inches. Length of each tie is 32 inches. Total span is 90 inches. Span needs to be more than double waist measurement of wearer. My waist is 48 inches. Allowing a few inches for tying, this should be okay for someone with waist less than 42 inches. Or you can just tie it in back, in which case you don't need extra long ties.
I shampooed the dog, dried off the dog then put on the collar. The next thing I know she has more fleas and ticks than ever before! Not happy with product. Did not work at all.
I just received this package, a few of the cups were broken, very poorly made, and flimsy looking. Will not buy again. I was excited for this event. Now I am so disappointed because of so much damage.
After 3 weeks of using this pan (probably only actually used 6-7 times) the finish in the pan is already ruined. I bought the same kind of pan in a larger size as well and that one is still fine. I've been extremely careful about cleaning and storing them and have treated each pan exactly the same, so this smaller one must have been defective. I tried soaking the pan repeatedly to try and get it back to normal, but it's ruined. Complete waste of money.
In short: Regardless of how much water I flushed through the new filter, debris/floating material still dispensed into my glass. I felt it was unsafe to consume the dispensed water. Detailed: I've ordered several DA29-00020B filters on Amazon prior to this recent order and never had an issue. This two pack of filters were a few dollars less than my original orders so I thought I'd gamble on saving a few dollars and hope to receive an adequate product. I gambled and lost. I installed the new filter cartridge in the same manner of my previous filters and read the instructions that came with the filter to flush it correctly. Per the instructions you are advised to run water through the dispenser for 6 minutes (3 gallons) to purge the system. I aired on the side of caution and dispensed 4 gallons of water in several batches into a measuring cup. I grabbed a clean drinking glass and filled it up and began to lift the glass to drink. That's when I noticed floating debris in the water. The best description I can give would be small pieces of transparent material... like plastic were swirling around in my glass. I fished a couple pieces out with my finger to feel the texture, but it didn't feel like anything... but I could clearly see the debris in my hand as I moved it around. As for the size of the debris... it varied, but the larger pieces I'd estimate as half the size of the letter "O" on a standard keyboard... I don't know what else I could compare the size to that would be comparable for other customers. I decided to flush more water through the dispenser with a new glass. I told myself, maybe the glass I used had something in it... Well, that wasn't the case, after flushing an additional 5 gallons of water through the dispenser, I still had floating debris in my water. Now, each time I dispensed water, I checked it, and the debris did seem to be reducing...but it was still a lot. At this point I've dispensed nearly 10 gallons of water, which I saved for alternative use, like my humidifiers and to water plants... but I felt I would never be able to flush all the debris out of the system with out eventually wasting water. I don't want to spend half the life the cartridge on flushing the debris out of it... I requested a refund and received it immediately. I never tried the second filter that came in the order, I didn't want to take the chance of wasting water, nor my time. I'll be ordering the same model filter again, but from a different manufacturer.
Did not work. I put the probe in the meat, followed all the instructions, and the thermometer measured the temperature of the oven, not the meat. Tried it a couple different time, didn't work.
Messy, doesn't cut into cubes or separate avocados at all! I tried with 3 different types and size avocados. Really wanted it to work but doesn't. Easier just to use a knife.
Bought in October...Burned up in January. The blender worked great....until it didn't. It was used once a day from October to January. Each morning, I made a Rocket-Fuel Latte. No ice, no nuts, nothing dense. One morning, it began to make funny noises, the blender slowed down, and as I turned it off, it began to smoke and produce a very odd smell. Braun customer service seems to be set up to deny claims. I still don't have a new blender-- they only want to give me the bottom part, but the things that turn the blades are locked up, too. Still in limbo using a cheap blender from WalMart.
The glasses are beyond cheap and feel almost paper thin. Multiple literally cracked while hand washing them.
Did not receive the order and got email from amazon that order has been delivered on Tuesday June 17.
RETURNING!! It's not very close for me to go to the UPS store for a return. Even when it's free, it cost me money & time! This thing came in a VERY flimsy box wrapped with VERY thin wrapping placed inside a bubble bg...of course it arrived broken!! I can't believe that some one would think this is an ok way to ship something!
This is Not made for a kids. I couldn't even open it. where you open the lunch box is on the side with soft plastic,too hard to pull open.
Very difficult to clean it, my other grinder which was much cheaper had removable parts to clean them.I am very disappointed
Got lost in transit bc it was sent from a 3rd party shipper. Talked to Amazon they refunded me, and I bought a knife with Amazon as the shipper and go it on time. Thanks Amazon
Both zippers broke my first time using it. Would not recommend.
Terrible shorty and flimsy. DO NOT BUY! Pieces arrived broken and I contacted about receiving replacement though NEVER received any replacements. The bigger ones don't even fit in the ninja 6.5 quart.
Received package without the product. Package was empty please send product to requested mailing address
The package was disgusting when I got it and although the discs are okay the packaging looks like it was stepped on and thrown across a room
I literally used it like four times, and now the container cracked and content is leaking. This is the third time that this has happened to me with ninja products. Never buy them again.
Junk. Brand I received (Intel) didn't match brand advertised. Plastic bottom didn't look like the picture. Useless manual. Returned without using. Wasted time on junk.
This never arrived. I do not recommend buying this item as it may not show uo
The top broke within a few months. This happened to both of our mugs. Stay away...not well made. Replacement tops cost almost as much as buying a new mug. Go to costco instead.
it was made of cheep plastic , fragile, and i use it to make EMPANADAS , IT ONLY CAME IN ONE SMALL SIZE , SHUD COME IN MEDIUM AND LARGE ..
Worst product I have EVER bought on Amazon. Worse than every knock off product I could ever put my hands on. Terrible design, extremely flawed. First off, the one hitter happens to be half the height of the chamber. So every time you need to take it out, you will spill all your goods and the toke and poke. If that's not enough to make you turn around now, the grinder chamber DO NOT GRIND. I repeat, they DO NOT GRIND. It just sticks to eachother because of the ridges, and you will most likely cause it to get stuck out of frustration. Immediate regret. Worst decision ever was to buy this. Completely useless and not worth a nickel.
I got mine from 'Quality Area' Broke in half on the third use, just outside the return window. This appears to be a cheap counterfeit and not the OE Vitamix Tool.
Very first time I used this, I accidentally knocked this over on the counter and the top broke off. I did not drop it. A simple clumsy accident. Buyer beware.
And it can only be sort of resealed. Screw top can loosen easily. Worthless. Returning to Amazon.
Knife came dull as hell. If I hadn't of gotten it for so cheap, I would be super pissed. Don't buy this knife.
Filter pores made the coffee drip too slowly causing it to cool before it was done. The seller courteously refunded me.
I bought this machine about 9 months ago, and the drip coffee wont brew anymore. The heating plate doesnt heat up and, nothing happens. Very frusterating when you pay this kind of money and it doesnt even last a year. Definitely wont be buying again.
Purchased this to take salads and fruit to work, worked wonderfully twice, handwashed 3rd use noticed a split down side of large bowl because of split next bowl wont fit without bending and making split worse. Expensive 2 lunches ugh
Tiniest cups in the world to try and catch urine with.
It worked great the first time, but didnt work after that. It doesnt have its own display so if it doesnt connect to your phone you dont know what is going on.
The left front wood is all broken. I could have returned it but time you print the label, time a replacements arrives it would have been 2-3 weeks without knifes of any sorts, not worth it.
The Jigger is functional, but the stamping for the measurement labels is poor quality and hard to read. I would order a similar style jigger, but would not order this jigger again. I ordered 3 and all 3 had the same stamping issue.
I'm disappointed in the product. I went with the glass, I thought it'd be easier to clean and handle. First, if you don't fill the water all the way to the water line, it will just boil, unless you flip the on/off switch off. Second, the lid doesn't pop off, I worry that I might pull it off completely when I scrub. Third, the biggest disappointment is that it rusted at the bottom. Thank goodness for the glass! I noticed it through the glass and then while scrubbing it was rust. The worse part - I purchased two of them. One for myself and one as a gift. I'd give it less stars if I could.
They were somewhat easy to install and seemed to work good the first few days, however...I don't know if I recieved a defective bunch, but the adhesive started to wear off extremely quick. Would NOT reccomend.
Really hard to deal makes them useless!
This product came without a lid. I am very disappointed. I will be sending back.
This came without reeds.
They sent two top pieces, no bottoms.
This muffin pan is smaller than most.
Terrible quality. Paint chipped off out of the box and hadn't even used it yet. Wouldn't recommend.
A star is too much because I never even received my product and I ordered it on June 5!
This thing doesn't grate garlic more like smooches it. I'm very dissapointed in this little contraption. Good concept but it's needs a better sharper grater to work properly.
I just got it and it's broke
Too thin at the bottom. Had to return it.
This item was crap. It took 3wks to arrive and one of the wings bent the very first time I tried to use it. You get what you pay for. :(
First batch of yogurt was perfect. Second use, it quit heating after about two hours. Will be returning today.
Started rusting immediately, terrible
My infants bath water is warmer than the coffee. Not lying.😡😡😡😡😡
My product was supposed to be here on October 1st and it is now the 10th and I still have no recieved it!
Do not purchase from this company
Filters bend up and not straight, allowing air to get by unfiltered. Causing them not to fit right. AVOID BUYING CHEAP YOU GET CHEAP STUFF HERE CLEARLY
These were supposed to have cute little phrases on them. Mine all came plain yellow, no words or various colors. Returning.
This is junk! I make smoothies and my last one burned up with lots of use. This one wont blend frozen fruit or veggies! You get what you pay for. Will buy a better made blender.
I have a Keurig 2.0 and these did not work. arrived multiple times and each time the machine told me it was not compatible. I am returning.
Really horrible! I peeled four sweet potatoes and by the time I got to the cucumber it was bent and almost broken. Save your money!!!
Beat up, flaking, burnt metal right out the of box. Two small little metal pins that stick out from welding points. But why read when there are pictures
I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED in the Capresso 204 froth PLUS. After only a few months of use, it no longer froths the milk, but just heats it to a warm temperature
This item was very poor quality. Some spots did not have the finish on it. Some areas appear like it was raw and not sanded before the finish was painted on it. Very disappointed with the quality. Do not purchase this item. It is not as it appears on the web.
This is really cute but the handle was broken. I need to send it back.
Burned my hand. Silcone isn't as anti-thermal as claimed to be.
It was not quality checked. Had got cut in twice.
Really disappointed with what I received. The label says it is compatible with the Bialetti Mini Express. The gasket I have is on it's absolute last leg. The pictures above show the size differences. I'm beyond upset that I wasted money on express shipping. On a lighter note, I guess I'll just have to go back to Italy and get a new gasket 🤷🏽‍♀️
Broke within the first 2 times of using them, handles are not made of hard material
Not very powerful, doesn't grind well.
The worst pan I ever owned. Rusted!
Two of the four trays work as expected. Water freezes into ice, and the cubes pop out with a gentle twist. The other two are another story, however. On these two trays the ice sticks firmly to the plastic, and it takes more energy to break them free. The ice is adhered so well to the plastic, that the cubes shatter into fine pieces when breaking out, making them virtually useless. Very strange. We thought this would go away with subsequent washings, but it seems to be a property of the plastic itself. How do you mess up an ice tray?
Broke/jammed after 2.5 months and the supplier will not refund or exchange. Expensive way to open approx 35 bottles
Product it really pretty but it arrived cracked because whoever packed it didn't realize this mug was made out of glass. Maybe he thought it was made out of diamond or 18k gold. It happens.
Cheaply made. Couldn't believe that cuisinart would make such a cheap food processor. Returned and replaced it with Kitchenaid
After 6 months the internal mechanism rusts and begins to filter
THIS ITEM WAS MISSING FROM MY ORDER.
Rusted after one hand wash and air dry. Disappointed
This was a very expensive coffee maker that we expected would be excellent. As it turned out, we were very disappointed. I read the reviews prior to purchase and was told that the carafe had been improved and would keep the coffee hot; it did not. The first cup was hot as expected but subsequent cups were lukewarm. Another disappointment about this coffee maker was the amount of coffee we had to use to obtain the desired strength; twice what we had used in previous coffee makers. All in all, I would not recommend purchasing this appliance.
The 2 round feet that slide the trays back and forth hang so low from the top tray that they get stuck on the pods in the tray below preventing both trays from sliding open or closed. Neither tray has a handle or knob to help slide them back and forth and you have to dig your fingers in between the metal to pull them out. If your trays are full of pods and you want to take a tray completely out, the pods all the way in the back latch onto a lip that is on the inside front of the frame, preventing the tray from moving any further. I went ahead and chopped off the round feet on trays and installed knobs on the front. The manufacturer needs to take this back to the design stage.
And it cannot be returned! Very disappointed with Amazon, consider myself a great customer!
Ordered chai tea, received morning black tea
I love the clean look. I need larger ones for flour, chips, cereal etc. I have had them for awhile now and several of them have started cracking. Now the hinge to lock the "air tight " lids are breaking off. Believe me, it took me a long time to decide to spend this money to purchase and they are just past the return date. I am very careful with them and the money I spend. I would not recommend them.
Cute timer but after using numbers rub/wear off the bottom so you don't know where to set timer. Worked great but the bottom is where you hold the timer when twisting to set it and this just rubbed off the numbers.
I was so excited to receive this item. I got it at a great sale price for a Secret Santa gift at work. I bought 2 because I also wanted one for myself. When I tried it out, I was so disappointed. It was difficult to keep in place on the counter, even with the suction cup in place. I'm glad I bought 2 and tested it before the Secret Santa exchange. It would have been an embarrassment as my gift had I not known. I returned them both and scurried for a replacement gift. The Seller, however, was very good with the return with no hassles whatsoever.
Stopped working on me.
The cord is about 8 inches long.
These things suck. They stuck to the rug at first but after a week they don't anymore.
So...the box was missing 2 of the 10 glasses...how does that happen?
I expected more from Oster.
These do NOT work easy like the video. They aren't very sharp and plugged up after 3 strokes. Tried carrots, cucumbers and zucchini. Waste of my money.
Terrible product. Sticks and doesn't cook evenly.
I need a full refund on this item it is a very dangerous item on it first time and smells weird like something burning. See the picture closely u will see smoke coming out of it.
Even if you clean and dry these just like you are suppose to by hand the finish starts coming off not with the money. You start getting pieces of the finish in your food. Don't waste you money on these.
These were huge; way too big. I'm an average sized female and I felt like I was swimming in these. They would not have been safe to use for me.
Look at the photos? Need I say more?
Hard to read the numbers they just appear black unless you are reading directly over them. As I was working spices for jerky it wasn't picking up the weights as I slowly added ingredients
It's the weakest mixer I've ever used. Almost easier to mix by hand.
what a disappointment, this product has pushed the cork INTO two bottles. We have another wine Enthusiast opener that works great, an older model. Bummed with results of this one purchased as a gift for our son and his wife.
Worst plastic forks ever. They bend and break. It is impossible to use them for any warm foods. They bend on cold food, and anything even slightly warm melts them! Melted plastic caused quite a bit of food to be wasted!
It was actually my favorite thermometer for the month that I used it before the probe connection cracked.
I recently purchased this item and it broke after one month. The seller wont give me a refund or send me a replacement. DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DON'T BUY!!
We loved the item. Worked great and looked cool, until the handle broke this morning :(
Did not work! Had to return and get $ money = defective.... I had already poured the olive oil, and nothing happened... just a big mess in my kitchen. No, I would not recommend.
Its not non-stick. I use just as much PAM or butter as my old beat up pan. Very disappointed
Very poor quality, with bad smell. Have to returned.
I really thought I would like this. We used it once and it worked great. Before I even sliced one piece of cheese the second time I went to use it, the handle smashed into a bunch of pieces by simply falling against my laminate countertop. After that the wire wouldn't cut decent and the wire kept getting more loose. I definitely wouldn't purchase again for the money.
Had this waffle make a little over a year. I've used it a dozen times or so. Went to make waffles this morning, made the mix, then noticed the power light wasn't on. Tried multiple outlets and nothing working. I've never immersed it in water and have been very careful cleaning it. Tried to take it apart to clean the housing but the screws are impossible to get to, even with a stubby screwdriver. Probably need a triwing screwdriver but I don't have one nor am I going to get one for this. Oh well, just add it to the rest of the overrated broken junk ordered thru Amazon.
One of the spoons cracked after ONE use.
This spinner does not spin enough water off the lettuce, so it's pretty useless. I gave mine to my daughter rather than toss it, and she said the same thing.
Didn't even open. Bought because description says 2.5 qt, but it's actually 1.5 minutes qt. Didn't notice other reviews that have the same complaint until going to write my review.
I used this product once to make a lasagna in my pressure cooker and the non-stick coating on the rim of the inner plate started peeling! I exchanged it for another one. This time I didn't unclasp the pan before using, just in case I had somehow seated the first pan incorrectly. It didn't make a difference though. The second pan didn't survive either - the exact same thing happened again. At least the lasagna turned out amazing :)
Hard to rate the item when I still haven't received it.
Only had this in use for one month and already the light is broken, flashing and blinking like a manic strobe. Then the power will not "reset" back to full power (level 10) no matter what you try. (yes I did the cook time function first, and then the power level "10" but once I push start, the power reverts back to 8. I made a mistake--hope to save you from making one too.
Not a good buy for me. I used them once to cut up a chicken and they fell apart in my hand.
Not very well made, one broke within the first hour of use.
I like the photo on the coasters.but very disappointed in the quality one of the coasters didn't even have the Cork backing on it.I had to go out an buy the cork backing an glue it on the coaster
Not a good product. Waffles were over cooked on one side and undercooked on the other. The opening for waffle mix clogged frequently and had to be cleaned after every waffle. Waste of money.
Used it twice and a piece has fallen off that sharpens the knives. Poor quality.
This machine gave the coffee a weird taste. It didn't even have a coffee flavor. We used our usual brand and even tried another brand. Both had the same no flavor taste. Unfortunately I boxed it up to return it but waited too long to send it back.
It stopped working after 3 weeks of using it
Order claimed 12 pieces in a pack. I got a delivery for only 6 small in a pack.
I used this thermos only once - I primed it with hot water before adding the hot soup I wanted to bring to work, and the soup was still only lukewarm three hours later. I also dislike the removable plastic seal, which feels cheap but is consistent with the poor quality of the thermos. You get what you pay for, I guess.
Cups are breaking like crazy. I am planning to return the sleeves I have not opened.
I ordered these bowls from THIS listing and paid the upcharge because I liked the color scheme of the 100 year anniversary edition advertised. It matches the color scheme of my kitchen. The ones I received are different altogether. A different color glass, different color lids, and the worst part is that the set I received regularly retails for $15-20 which means I paid double for them. I'm beyond irritated that I spent the extra money on these and did not get what was advertised in the listing.
The plate stopped working in a year. It seems like the plug-in was overheated and then it stopped working. Wish I had a replacement.
Disappointed that it arrived with lots of deep scratches on the pan. Superficial scratches, I would have been ok with.
When I try to close the lid it gets stuck and is not airtight at all. Would like a refund or a replacement set, but can't get a hold of the seller.
Cheap looking small and after one use the hinges do not work, I could see the dollar store selling these. Do not buy!
I ordered this for my elderly parents to go with the Instant Pot I had given them for Christmas. I just went home to visit them and when I asked where they had put this item they told me it never arrived. It shows a Jan 6 delivery date but they did not receive it and it's too late to complain to Amazon.
Unfortunately it was shipped without a lid
When I first received this I left it in the box for a few days fearing I was not smart enough to figure out how to use it. Thankfully my desire to stop spending $5 a day at Starbucks won over the intimidation factor. Actually, it's quite easy. I messed up the first time but figured out how to place the filter correctly and then it was fine. I only gave it 3 stars because there is no temperature control. The coffee comes out luke warm and I like my coffee hot. Also, one drip hole drips faster than the other so if you make 2 espressos at a time you get one full cup and one 2/3 full. If you don't like it they don't do returns. My complaints only brought me time on the phone while they trouble shoot with you trying to get it right. Only problem is, the faults on this machine don't go away. If you work really hard you might get a warm cup of coffee so if you like it hot, it's not going to happen. UPDATE: After using this machine for 3 months and still getting lukewarm coffee, now the portafilter keeps getting stuck in the machine. Yesterday I left it in there so I could drink my lukewarm coffee but before I could drink the coffee the portafilter blew off the machine and bounced all over the counter. SHAME ON AMAZON for recommending this piece of junk.
It is a really sure novelty item, however not something that is functional. The tea get all stuck in the kitty and you have to beat the kitty to get it out. Cute but not worth the hassle.
So flimsy you cannot even use it. Also took so long to arrive. Wish I could return it but it's too late.
Product got a little bit of moisture on it and stopped working. Assuming it's not sealed very well
These clothespins are cute. But it's supposed to come with 48 I only received 36. Now I'll be short on clothes pins for a baby shower this weekend. What a let down.
Destroyed in first use. Do not recommend.
The bowls stack nicely and look nice. Sadly, the lid on the large bowl broke with its first use. It basically came apart. Terrible quality!
Easy to set up and use in the beginning. I got this to replace my broken breville. Good grind, not too loud, and I really liked the stainless steel container. It was making an odd, low level grinding sound whenever it wasn't grinding and we would unplug it when it wasn't in use. It suddenly stopped working this morning and wouldn't restart even after I cleaned it out again. Definitely a major disappointment. Would not recommend.
I love my Chico bags. I have 15-20 of them, both solids and prints, and I love them all. However, the image on this one peels off very quickly. They either didn't test this process, or they didn't care that it wouldn't last more than a couple of months.
6/6 of the glasses came completely shattered. I cut my finger when I went to open the box.. so disappointed.
Very cheap design I was hoping it would be more like Rachel Ray's with smooth edges
This was a complete scam. This is not remotely the thermometer advertised. What I received (see above) was a cheap knock off that didn't even work. This is a fraudulent seller who should be suspended from Amazon
These are not the same quality bags i've ordered. These are poo quality, they leak and are paper thin! I'd pay for the thicker quality bags, I don't understand where the switch up happened? Literally just ordered not long ago from here and the bags were GREAT nice and thick but these are NOT the same quality but same price? BRING BACK THE QUALITY OR WE WILL FIND IT ELSEWHERE FOR CHEAPER.
Cracked the first time I tried to use it. I am returning it.
I got it for Christmas and was psyched! To test it out, I put one frozen chicken breast on it, and one frozen chicken breast in a normal breakfast bowl on the counter. Both same size. The chicken each took an hour to defrost enough to cut through. Not impressed. But good return policy!
Keurig 2.0 would not recognize this brand of reusable pods. Amazon was great about refunding the purchase price. Nothing is worse than wrestling with this product at 4:00 am and not having the coffeemaker allow it's use
The heater comes on but the fan does not. This is not good. Potential for a fire is very high. I wouldn't buy this one again.
I loved the look of this product. And, it worked wonderfully holding four knives. Until this week when it fell off. Tried without success to remove the sticking pads which came with it. Then tried to put on additional pads. Didn't work. Will have to throw it out.
Really crumby design. The pouring spout is way too wide and shallow and the contents spill all over. Horrible change in design.
Hated this... so small
Clearly this was a home project for someone. Blurry images. The pen that comes with it does not write well. Very disappointed with this poor Etsy project.
This product is a total waste of money. The holes in the mesh that covers the pan are so large that the splattering grease passes right through on to the surface of the stove. Useless. As well, the structural metal that circles the mesh forms little feet or protrusions that prevent the screen from sitting properly on an 11" or 12" fry pan.
after 1 month of use the lid leaks and the stopper fell of and won't stay on.
Horrible!!! The inside liner or metal was peeling off and floating in my drink. Ewww gross. I threw it away!!
This piece of trash fell apart the first time I tried use it to clean a coffee pot. The handle fell off.
Initially I was in love with this scale. It's easy to use and very accurate. Then 3 months after purchasing it, the darn thing stopped working. I figured it just needed new batteries. So I purchased a new battery. Not only would it not work, the unit became very hot when the battery was put in (and yes, it was the correct battery and it was put in correct). Against my better judgement, I invested in an ac adapter. It still didn't work. I will attempt to return for repair under the warranty, but at this cost, I expected this scale to last longer as it is an American Weigh and this company usually sells good products (although it is made in China). I've purchased cheaper scales from Walmart that worked much better.
Disappointed in how large and heavy these glasses are.
Blew in half the very first time!
Was sent in an envelope instead of a box, so came damaged.
Banner came with incorrect letters. Wasn't able to use. Highly disappointed
bought this and a 16" (also copper chef) electric skillet, in march 2019 and in august 2019 cord quit on 16" 3 days later cord quit on the 12" . i have had many electric skillets,( different sizes & different brands) in the last 20 to 30 or so years and have never had a cord quit. contacted copper chef, they said not their problem, to contact the seller. will never buy anything electric from copper chef again, and possibly not any of their other products.
Love the design and color but it leaks like crazy. I tried to make a frittata and all batter went right through the bottom even though I made sure it was well locked. I will return it and hopefully the next one will be better. The egg rack and mini mitts it comes with were great though.
VERY difficult to install and it did not advertise that you need to find studs in the ceiling to attach it to.
does not stay warm at all. would not buy again...I threw it out
For the cost, these work EXTREMELY poorly. They are both constantly jamming, then stop working. I take them apart, take the batteries out, and SOMETIMES this does the trick to get them to work again, only for a short time. Then the process begins again...UGH!!!
Received after 4 days after super bowl
Hard to write a review. I received the wrong item, I sent it back for a replacement and the replacement was the exact wrong item. Sent it back for refund. Clock was from same company on China, less expensive and with different item number. Not tying for a 3rd time even though it is what I wanted .
Arrived broken and I am unable to return it. I am very upset.
Leaking at the seam and nozzle on first use.
Item arrived with about a quarter of the strainer pouch separated from the plastic grip. Like, a huge hole between the straining part and the handle. Not sure how that even got passed along for packaging when there's no way the damage happened in transit and it's completely unusable as a strainer. At least I'm only out a couple bucks, but be warned that you get what you pay for and they might just send you a broken item.
I haven't received these yet. I sure hope I get them.
Arrived broken. Ineligible for a return. Won't buy from seller again.
Very disappointed, the bristles are dirty looking. Tried to clean it, but still dirty looking
These are not made for cutting sandwiches. The price IS too good to be true. I tried different kinds of bread, toasted, etc. The pic is literally the best I ever got (and as you can see, it's not good).
This was a total waste of money. The olive oil comes out in a stream not a mist.
So small! My 1st finger is longer! Ticked off royally! Also bought a sea shell one, very small! Way over priced! Buyer beware!
I received 2 bowls with cracks they werent delivered in good shape
Please be wary of this item. I paid for 100 chargers and only got 50. I hope this is just a labelling mistake, but I would really like the seller/amazon to correct this mistake.
Thrown lazily into a box, completely shattered upon arrival. I purchased it for a birthday gift, and now do not have time to reorder.
Fulfillment,package and delivery were excellent. But heating element is inside. Disappointed and returned.
The product was used for 6 months then it completely stopped working. We used it once every morning.
This would work for some one with good hands, it is NOT for arthritic hands at all!
Hello. Two of my jars arrived broken. Can I get a new order please?
The bowl not smooth and wood stick out like splinter
I purchased this for serving Christmas cookies. I couldn't use it, the threads are stripped, it's useless. If I had tried to use it sooner I would have returned it. Now I've wasted my money. It never held a single cookie.
Had these for about 6 months. We have thrown out about 3 already. Stuff sticks to the bottom. They have not held up or lasted like we would have liked. The handles get very hot too. They are pretty but they are no good quality. Not impressed and will not buy again
Very cheap. Card board is thin and did not hold up well.
Broken after unboxing
Did not receive items ..
We had to return them. It leaked. We appreciated the no hassle return.
Didn't work consistently or well within a week or two after purchasing. Sad to say we went back to a hand crank opener.
This was our first air fryer. It worked okay, but was very inconsistent. It is easy to clean, but it has four tiny silicone covers to keep the rack from scratching the sides of the nonstick pan, and the first time I washed it, I almost rinsed them down the sink. The first time we used it, it cooked evenly. The last time, it took a lot longer and the food got hard, even using the same settings as the first. It stopped working after six uses. I'm going to try to return it today (after three weeks), but since I threw away the packaging I'm unsure if I can. Anyway, I would avoid this product.
Even the lowest setting makes toast to dark
These things are so cheaply made. A few were broken in the packaging when we opened them and others broke after being lightly handled. Definitely not worth over $1 a piece.
Handle broke from the steamer. looking at the reviews this seems to be a problem with the steamer
I like that it actually kept my drink warm and I love the color. Unfortunately, every drink makes a drip. I've had to carry napkins with me. It's gotten my drinks on my clothes and tables. I'm sending it back. What a mess.
It broke after in less than 1 month of use.
Very disappointed got my package I needed for a party for tomorrow and opened the box to find nothing in the box
Horrible product. It came and was missing a few but it was labeled new item. Not happy at all
Just went to put lunches in these containers and the lids just literally won't stay snapped closed. Some of them will, some won't, assuming they're poor quality and you might get lucky and get a whole batch that closes.
Terrible doesn't work well at all! It cuts it in pieces doesn't look good at all! Bummed bc my daughter loves unicorns
I have never been so disappointed with any purchase ever! After 10 days it began filtering one drop at a time ever 2-3 seconds!!! We're a family of 5 and drink a lot of water. I didn't expect it to last the full 6 months but 10 days is ridiculous! I literally have ur filtering all day long and try to save as much water as possible in a pitcher. It takes hours for a mere 16oz to filter. If I need to pour a cup of water while it's still filtering, the unfiltered water pour into the cup making it completely pointless! I would've paid twice as much for a product that works, but to sell a product his useless is disgraceful. Don't buy this!!
Well, I am giving these 1 star for a couple of reasons. I am using these for fondant cut outs, and the Captain America stripes are far too close and it doesn't really resemble the shield. Iron Man's mask isn't complete - the cutter is of only the gold part of Iron Man's mask, not necessarily the whole mask, which would be red and gold.
Don't buy this coffe bar!! I thought this was going to be a great product because of all the good reviews. I hate this product. I think it's very inconsistent with its brewing consistency. Sometimes it fills the cup size correctly and other times it only fills it halfway so your coffe is never the way you like it. The cleaning light came on, I cleaned it. Now it just blinks all the time and won't shut off. (Like many people on this thread). Called customer service and they could have cared less. They basically told me tough, live with it. Really nice. Horrible experience all around. Get something else, don't buy this. Trust me it's a really shoddy product.
Had to throw it away. The blade was super flimsy and wouldn't work. It became rusty after first use.
The unit worked great the first two times we used it. Seemed very sturdy and well made - NOT. On just the third use, it died about 15 minutes into the cooking process. I should have paid more attention to the 1 and 2 star ratings here. It's a shame, as I liked not having the Bluetooth option and the higher watt heating element, but it doesn't matter if it doesn't work for more than 4 hours!
Yesterday we celebrated my mothers 50th birthday. Unfortunately the number 5 balloon came out defective and would not fill up completely. We had no choice but to use it as is. Unfortunately it was obvious that the balloon was deflating by the minute. I'm disappointed with this purchase.
Do not buy from here!! Second time buying from here because the first time package came damaged,and fyi this place does not except refunds or exchanges,I had to get my refund from Amazon! I thought I would buy again thinking it wouldn't happen again second one came in worse then the first one..
They were fine except that they died my tins purple
Obviously machined. Rough cut. Not well finished. Does the job I guess. Due to tricky wording, it appears to be made in Finland. The box clearly states "Made in China". Very disappointing.
Stays warm long , but my pizza sticks to the stone, have ruined 2 pizzas using this stone , my Walmart pizza pan works better than this does
I add the egg and it spreads everywhere.
Opened my utensils and the spatula was already broken! Not happy considering I was very excited for them.
This broke the second time I used it.
Leaks everywhere and makes a mess. Not happy with this product.
I never received product and am currently awaiting a refund.
Went back to using my old egg poacher pan after trying this one. No instructions came with it and I put too much water in and had a mess. The yolks didn't cook right and all in all was such a disappointment. Maybe with proper instructions I would have done better and not have been disappointed.
Cheap made. There are several small holes on the bag. Does not worth the price.
This is a very convenient wire basket that allows you to use any stockpot for canning. However, I was dismayed to find the wire rusted after my very first use! Very shoddy product. But I have to add that Amazon customer service was extremely helpful in resolving this issue.
Did not like it came with missing pieces and the door wouldn't close correctly returned it but still haven't heard from the company or got my money back!
These are huge check the measurements
If the plier head could be wider it will help a lot. And separator doesn't stay at one spot to do the work
It was an open box item which i always take advantage of at amazon but this was a disappointment from the time I took it out of the box. It was scratched in a couple of areas, but I was willing to overlook that since it was an open box item. The issue that had that caused me to return this item was performance. It would not keep liquids cold or hot period. Ice was melted within 30 minutes and hot liquids were cold within 30 minutes also. Not a happy camper...literally!
Did not work with my Keurig as published!
Arrived split in half
One of the worst purchases I have ever made. Apparently designed for an illy machine but illy coffee can not be used, nor can a standard espresso grind.
Ordered this product twice and both times received the blue one with flowers; which is not what I wanted.
Cool look. Bell doesn't work consistently. Ended up in trash.. back to digital.
These things don't work well at all.
The rice maker sent was USED!??!? It had large dents and scratches all over it. There was still water marks from when it was used before. EWW!
I followed directions and tried several times and it would about half cook the rice. Wrote company and they sent me another but it doesn't work either. Tried several times with different amounts but no luck. Waste of money. also, the rinse basket really hard to remove when hot.
As of today still have not received ebook. Item did not come with any instruction info.
used this to make a frittata in the instant pot. a lot of egg leaked out both times i used it.
This machine requires that you screw the bottle in to be carbonated, instead of snapping in like other machines. It's a very awkward design. Also some soda stream bottles don't fit. I am returning it.
Melted in the dishwasher(top rack)
None of the 100 lids fit. They looked all deformed. I ended up having to put cling wrap around these. Please check your lids before you pour into a bunch of these cups.
The pop holder was to tall would not fit in the refrigerator, our new refrigerator doesn't have adjustable shelves it's a side by side so it didn't fit. Also the sides of the pop holder had the thin metal strips that where broken so I had to super glue them back. We might use it in the pantry for cam goods tho.
It broke immediately! Poorly made.
Missing all hooks and hardware, plus no directions so haven't been able to install!
I had used it for celery (cut it into small pieces) , apple, ginger, oranges, kale and garlic. I had just notice that the filter stainless is peeling out. I had only used the brush that was provided my the company to clean it.
Ordered an 8 pack and got a 4 pack...
Creates very sharp edges to cans after being crushed. Would never have purchased had I known that. We threw it away.
Gave as a gift to husband, loved it but print washed off glass in first month of use. Not much point of a bar set that can't be used as a bar set.
Please do not buy it! we used less than 10 time , not working any longer. really disappointed
When I went to put the screws in the wood cracked was not happy at all
Came 1 week later than anticipated. Couldnt use them for the party
The rubber seal was stuck to the glass container and not to the lid when I opened containers for the first time. Couple of rubber linings got torn. I hope this is an issue with my container set alone.
Wtf. Worst Amazon purchase I've ever made. My entire order came covered in sand and grit. The product looks like it was 30 years old. One was completely empty and they were all open. Terrible. Absolutely terrible.
This grinder broke within 2 months. It never really ever worked like it was supposed to. Great idea but poorly designed.
I did like the fact that the set is supposed to be stainless steel & it is rusting.
So disappointed...not an outside mat! One breeze, and it would be airborne. Very lightweight and small.
The candle was broke once it came in
I bought 2 from here. Same issue with the lid tabs. You can see in the picture below. They did replace the first one after quite a bit of hassle but the second one broke while waiting for the first replacement. The replacement then broke. I haven't had the energy to go through the hassle again. I've learned to read the reviews. They need to take this product off the market and refund our money. I'm
The design and construction is very poor. The size is too big and heavy when is full of water. The 2 lids do not stay in place. This product is very disappointing.
Quality is very cheap..very thin banner
We have had this microwave since May of 2017. It has been the worst microwave that we have owned over the last 25 years. It is unreliable on heating food, but it will burn your popcorn. The digital display is now going out as well. Oh and the turn table has stopped. Don't waste your money on this one.
Horrible used it 4 times and it no longer works don't buy this
Very easy to use. Terrific results
This machine did not hold a charge. This was the 2nd one I got and it had the same problem. Definitely would not buy it again.
Machine broke the second time I used it. The first time I used it was OK.
Very poorly made product - did not work and Amazon will not let me return. DO NOT PURCHASE.
They look more yellow and don't fit the cupcake well
I was really looking forward to getting this. It has decent reviews but before I even got to use it I noticed all the defects. I don't know if it was damaged in shipping or what but there are scrapes and gouges. The copper coating is also covering one of the handle bolts and comes off when I run my finger over it. I'm deff sending this back. Maybe I'll go with another brand.
The product is not what was advertised! Looks like it was from $1 store
Product only lasted 2and half months, it leaked from the top to bottom, didn't shut off and go to warm. Very disappointed with product.
This product is of inferior quality. Also I have contacted the sellers and I am told I will be charged shipping even though I bought on prime.
Fell apart almost immediately... not sturdy at all whatever adhesive they use? Was coming out from under the head where attached to the handle and they just came apart looked nice in the pics but extremely disappointing
Both showed up clear! It is not white as listed!
This product uses so much energy to produce 8 -10 ice cubes equivalent to a pen cap. I was highly disappointed after using it once. Wish I had used earlier so that I could have returned the product.
The lid is a flimsy piece of trash, so it leaks. Never could figure out how to put the handle on it. There is only a 30 day return window. I'm out of the return window by 8 days, so the company won't give me my money back.
The wires bent and 2 broke the first time I used it, on soft dough.
1 plate arrived broken when it arrived in the mail. I was too late in sending it back due to being away on vacation and business some I'm stuck with 3 plates and a brokes plate. But the are perfect for desert size servings.
Just opened the package and 1of the cup handles were broken see attached photo
This was missing all the paperwork that was stated in the add The only item that was included was the containers !!! That's it !!! Very mad
These are very flimsy and thin. Very disappointed. Most of them don't even look heart shaped. Do not buy.
This is not nice. The box doesn't close all the way & the ribbon is wrinkled.
Doesn't open cans. Seems like this was a bait and switch. Amazon should remove this as a best seller or investigate if this is misleading consumers.
This product is definitely not microwave safe. Placed glass in microwave to warm liquid. The glass exploded when I reached in to pick up the cup. I am apparently not allowed to give any more detail without having my review removed.
My wife loved this blender, and it has worked great for 5 months, but it just died, right in the middle of using it- 5 months after buying it, and the return and service window was only 3 months, so now we are out a blender. Not happy.
Purchased in February 2017 and the product stop working in Dec 2017, very disappointed with the quality of this product
Complete failure for me. Made at least 3 attempts before giving up. Ended up with runny, uncooked eggs.
Received the item and it was broken
I want to return this item but they dont return for free. Not useful for me since I cook indian food mostly.
Product is cheap and did not work from the moment it arrived.
Product was never received.
Bought 4 lids, 3 of them have problem: 1 looks good but leaking from the top, 1 has damaged rubber ring, 1 had a dead bug sealed in the plastic cover. Horrible quality.
seems good quality, hope my daughter like its
Cheaply made. The filter was bent in multiple places.
Worked fairly well initially, then it started acting up... within a couple of months it would stop making ice for no apparent reason, but would be fine after powering off and on. Then, after 7 mo or so, the ice full light came on when it was empty. Never made ice again. Dead after 7 months. Defintely not worth the money.
Terrible print job, off center! Unfortunately this was not visible until peeling the sticker off and was too late to return. Also dull flat gold color instead of shiny metallic.
I never received this item despite paying for it.
Broke after 5 months. Started making boiling noises and not passing the water through like it did originally. Contacted Mr Coffee and sent them the requested documentation. More than 2 weeks later, no response from Mr Coffee even though I sent a follow up request.
I am returning because this is definitely not good
they send me a scale in envelope ,unbelievable! and of course after two weeks the scale it doesn't anymore you are so stupid!!!
First ceramic mug shipped in a bag and unsurprisingly arrived broken in half, requested a replacement which arrived chipped, amazon doesn't have an option to request another replacement, only to have a refund.... but it says my refund is $0 since it thinks the replacement is free, yet I wasn't refunded for the original item since they sent me the replacement... which is broken.
Beautiful, very heavy but after one washing the knives had rust at the solder joint of the knife handle. A truly lovely set but the rust issue was a deal breaker.
Was charged but it never arrived.
I never received the item I purchased. The status of the item says delivered... but was not.
Bought this for the second time. First one was great, until my wife accidentally chopped it in the vitamix pulling it out of the appliance garage. So I ordered a second one. When it show up it is in two pieces, apparently it was poorly glued together. Ok not a problem I bought from amazon and it had the prime designation. Go to select return/replacement and it says this item is not eligible for return. What?
This was supposed to be a gift for Christmas, but when I pulled it out from the envelope the box containing the silverware was broken. How am I supposed to present this as a gift when it arrived broken?! I'm so mad I could spit!
I bought this product 10 months ago and last night the gasket on the water tank failed and I woke up to a kitchen covered in water. It seems that the Capresso coffee makers (which I have bought for years) have become less reliable.
Unfortunately all of these arrived stuck together so strongly that when I tried to carefully pry them apart they all ripped. Great idea though.
It almost exploded from hot coffee. There is not way to drink it on the go as there is no opening.
Upon opening my box I heard glass moving. Sure enough, one of my canisters was broke and shattered glass was in the bubble wrap surrounding it. I am not happy. The other canisters are fine. There is no evidence that the box was dropped.
This item was shipped dirty. It had some kind of clear/whitish substance all over both side of the spoon. It was disgusting and I through it away!
This item was sent but never arrived. When I went to the seller's page, there was no option to contact them. Hopefully, they see my review and contact me, so that I can take this review down and receive another knife.
Item was never received
These did not hold up for even 1 hour. The Velcro part ripped off of all of them.
Eh, didn't really work, or I didn't know how to properly use it.
Although a good concept, the glass is extremely thin and resulted in a huge mess on my floor and cuts to my feet. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So I bought this pitcher and was really excited that on amazon it saids it removes fluoride! Well the book it came with does not say it does. I have contacted company about this and they said they would let me know. That was 2 weeks ago. This is false advertisment! Does anyone k ow for sure if it takes out fluoride????
Do not buy if you want fresh ground pepper. For the price I didn't expect perfection but I did expect it to grind pepper. Tried all kinds of solutions to get it to grind & it just will not. Frustrating!!!
I purchased on November 15, 2015. On April 28, 2018 I noticed that it was smelling funny and seemed to be leaking a dark oily mess from the jar when I used it. Upon turning it over, I found that half of the ball bearings had disintegrated. Further research with Oster confirmed that this is a regular problem. $170 for a blender that is supposed to compete with the $400 Vitamix seemed like a great decision, but may not have been if it lasts less that three years. I am in the process of contacting Oster. We shall see what happens. Update: Oster advised that although it was still under warranty, the jar would not be available for 4-6 weeks and that I would need to continue to check back and there was nothing they could do. Keep in mind that I could not even place an order until it is available. As of now I have a $170 leaky oily paperweight.
Unfortunately, I am unable to use the rack as the top section is unbalanced and items slide off when placed in the top section. Rack leans forward when items are placed on top section. Does not set level.
I ordered this item, then had to reorder it again. Was charged for BOTH orders. Neither order was received. This company presently is showing an 80% negative feedback for the past 90 days. Amazon needs to cut their ties with this company
Did not return as I thought. Decided to use it but it broke the first time using it. Family on Christmas Eve was looking for a nice cup of coffee but didn't happen. As soon as I plugged it in after reading directions it broke and never even began to heat water. Hopefully, a faulty purchase but disappointed. I have it to return.
Look old after 8 months of use. They are OK for someone who does not cook frequently.
The middle part that's supposed to slide back and forth doesn't even move. It just sits there in the middle. Bad design. There's no way for it to even move at all.
I never received these. I waited for a while because I assumed they were coming from China, but I waited too long. It's now been 2 months and I still have not received them.
Did not last 30 days , but easy life replaced it so we will see. The second one did not last the 30 days either it wasn't quite as bad so I kept it and now it barely works
I bought it to hold a specific item. The dimensions stated would have been perfect, but it's slightly smaller than that so it doesn't work. I have no other use for it (yet?).
I was SOooooo excited to open this and even though it was packed so well and tight, the cup handels were broken off. I will return and not re-order.
The product would work perfectly if my lunch bag would zip closed all the way, all of the zippers are broken they won't zip all the way the zippers just stop not even halfway around, I'm not paying to send it back and then having to wait for a replacement
The reason I bought it is because I was mislead by free refills. Then I ordered some free refills and the shipping cost is the same as buying spices. I've been duped. The product itself is okay though.
I received one small brown bin basket instead of what I was supposed to receive. Returning.
Bought this January 8th and less than 9 months later it has just completely stopped working for no reason. Piece of junk
It said it came in a pack of two, but there's only one. They even put a sticker on it saying it was two but it's not. And the plastic is ripped open on the side.
Only one slot locked im so disappointed waste of money not even worth one star rating
I bought this product in July 24 2019, and work for a couple of week, right now the coffee out cold or a few hot. The Amazon support are very friendly but the product no working. The manual said the product not working over 4000 feet, but this information are no showing in Amazon web page.
One of the stands came broken the other two were super dented its a waste of money im so disappointed ive tried contacting the seller no response ..
Loved it first couple of times but the but the lid piece fell off almost right away and then the top started leaking, couldn't drink without getting coffee all over me. Gave up and three it away
My first try at ordering this item arrived broken. I requested a replacement order; this also arrived broken. Packaging was a bubble envelope. I will not attempt a third try at ordering this item.
Using a burr grinder set at about medium coarseness, I get an unacceptable amount of sediment in the pot through my Bunn. Paper filters that came with the machine have worked great, so I'll keep using paper. This was a waste of money for me
I did not receive it. Was told it could not be sent and I would be refunded the cost. I'm no longer interested in one.
Amazon sent the package in horrible condition. Who sends GLASS bottles in its original packaging?? The bottles arrived to my house BROKEN.
Initially, I had an issue with the product where I couldn't get it to work at all. I determined the cause to be a necessary software update, which then wouldn't process due to an incompatibility with a new version of iOS. Two weeks later, I got my mug updated and got to use it. My first experience was putting coffee into the mug, lid closed. I kept the liquid under the "Fill Line" as instructed, and when my drink reached temperature and I went to open it to drink, the lid "popped" violently, and sprayed liquid everywhere. If you travel with this lid and use it in the closed position, expect to have to force the lid open and have liquid spray out in all directions. It's not a rare occurrence with regular use. The experience, upon using the mug, was nothing exceptional. It would keep drinks warm for about two hours, set to a specific temperature. But, unless it's plugged into its charging pad, I've found it will occasionally "forget" to keep the drink warm. I'll tap the logo, the mug will light up and inform me my drink has dropped twenty degrees from where I had it set, and it has to try to warm it up. Not quite the experience I expected, but it's not a major issue. Then, the lid broke. The lid is a ring in the center of the mug, and you have to depress it, where it latches and stays open to allow you to drink. My lid broke such that the lid would no longer latch into place, and would rock off to one side or the other, so that I could either get no liquid out at all, if the lid were centered, or I could get a sporadic and slow trickle of liquid out by getting the lid stuck inside itself. I contacted them and was summarily shipped a replacement lid, and I thought perhaps it would be a fluke. I got the lid, and continued as normal. In this time, the mug would often (probably 8 times out of 10) refuse to turn on without first being touched to the charger. Again, not a great experience for a $150 coffee mug. Then, just now, my second lid broke. I'm going to have to contact customer support again, and see if they'll ship me another lid. All this has occurred since September 2017, a five-month period. Not the level of quality I would presume to get from such an expensive luxury product, but I'll have to consider this a lesson learned. I had high hopes for this product, but it would seem the Kickstarter Curse is as present as ever. It has been a considerable waste of money, energy, and time, and I do not recommend anyone buy this product, or any other product from Ember.
This toaster does not toast at the max setting number!
So my experience seems to be much different than everyone else. When I got my toaster I immediately notice two things. One, it had some scuffs on it and it also was missing the blue protective wrap that should have been on it. The only reason I knew it was wrapped at one time was that there was pieces of the wrap stuck in the cracks. This leads me to believe that someone else owned this toaster and returned it to the seller. I decided to just keep it as it was a cheap toaster and I didn't want to send it back. Well, I found out why someone returned the item in the first place. The heating elements on the inside of both slots did not work. They would only toast one side. Before I realized this I tried using the bagel setting. That only burnt the outside and did not toast the inside. Isn't that the whole purpose of a bagel setting? To toast the inside and not the outside? I understand that even the best products can turn out to lemons from time to time but I feel like this company knowingly tried to deceive me by selling me a used defective toaster. I really hope they learn there lesson here and do not try to deceive anyone else but I have a feeling that the same toaster will be shipped to some other poor person.
Poor product design.. Lid came apart the first time I used it..
Worked good for a little than after 4 months it's going crazy saying cold things were hot...used it for Homebrewing
This product rusted after only 3 months
I don't know how they took the pics (maybe fairy hands) the ice cubes are super small and the trays are super small
I purchased these lids as replacements for the original lids that came with my Pyrex containers. The seal of the replacement lids was not as tight-fitting as the "old" lids that I need to replace. So, there's no point in keeping them. I returned them and do not plan on experimenting through additional trial and error (i.e., maybe I'll stumble upon a set that actually fits the way that it should.) So, when I pack a salad to take to work, I will continue to use a sheet of plastic wrap between the dish and the lid to prevent the inevitable leaks. Very disappointing. These Pyrex storage containers are meant to last for a long, long time. But the lids will be gone long before.
Product was great for 3 days. Built poorly and cracked. Not sure how but by third day product had a crack down the side.
I bought two of these cutting boards and at first use I had to trash them. See photo. Chopped some vegetables up and this is what happened to BOTH boards. Very unsafe also for your food. Don't buy
Order came with only 4 stems and not 8 like the description states! I previously ordered the same item and was very happy but this order was not even comparable! Super disappointed!!
I got this product and it was broken I'm not happy with this at all now they say I can not return or get a replacement. What do I do to get a replacement or my money back? Amazon help!!!!!
Price is right but Order item on February 25 of 2019. It's now April 22. Can't seem to be able to track and can't seem to cancel order.
Pushes every single cork into the bottle. Tried changing the screw bit, different bottles, same results. Made a mess of things. Skip it.
A little disappointed that I received this item with a price tag from Bed Bath and Beyond marked $8 less than what I purchased the item for. Hopefully the seller will make it right and credit me the difference.
I loved the description and photo of coozies online. Just opened my box to two of the same first mate coozies. Was under the impression I would get one Captain and one First Mate. Disappointed... :(
Waste of money. These are not microwaveable. The lids are very difficult to put on! They barely fit.
Says non-stick, foods sticks... Don't waste your money.
I would love to write a review but the product was never delivered. I got a text notification that it was but nothing. I was home at the time and I opened my door just in case I didn't hear a knock, but nothing was at my door.
Leaks. Tried several time to make sure bottom was in right position and tight, still leaked.
I recived some items broken. I would like to contact me and replace those items
Tried to return but more of a hassle. Decided to donate to a charity rather than pay double to return 2 items that shipped together. But amazon wanted me to send back separately so they can make more money on shipping.
The only good thing I can say is that it's easy to clean. Only because it doesn't catch anything to get it dirty. Total waste of money. The last top leader I placed it in was my trash can
Constantly smells like burning plastic, probably because the metal part of the handle is too small and the plastic part that isn't heat resistant enough. I've tried using the pan on my smallest burner to avoid putting too much heat on the handle, but it still smells. This product does not seem safe to use
Arrived Broken, no option to contact seller.
Didn't clean as well as I thought!
This was a disappointment. I boiled some eggs which it should do perfectly, and they were not done. I have had other egg cookers, and they did an amazing job boiling eggs. Once the boiled eggs failed, I did not even try to do an omelet, so I cannot give a review on the other features. I think they just tried to make this egg cooker do too much. What is the old saying? "A Jack of all trades is a master of none"
Much too large to be used as a kid's lunchbox. Had to return. Very heavy too.
Keurig doesn't last more than a year with light use of 2 cups a day. This doesn't reduce scaling like it's supposed to. Never again will I own a Keurig
The labels were cut in 3's causing it to bubble when put on the wine bottle. The labels were also not cut into 4 separate labels
THE COIL/ BURNER WAS LOOSE AND WOBBLED. NOT SAFE WITH CHILDREN AROUND. IT COSTS $6 TO RETURN IT! OH MY!!! I WILL DONATE IT TO GOODWILL... I ORDERED AN "OSTER" BRAND WITH A SECURED CERAMIC HOT PLATE ON IT..
Hard to assemble. Instructions not clear. Would not order agIN. VERY DISSATISFIED!!!!!!!!
I bought this in June and it was great while it worked. The buttons are confusing, however, and you have to push something 4 times just to turn it on. Well, now it is October and it doesn't work at all. Extremely frustrating.
Never got the product so wouldn't know!! Seller never replied pretty bummed because I was looking forward to this. Original order said it would take a few days then got another email saying package was lost then about two weeks later got another email saying package was delivered ... ummm no ...
Not real copper. Used the air fryer to make bacon and when I cleaned the sheet pan the layer of copper scrubbed off. Wouldn't suggest purchasing, will probably have to throw everything away after a few uses due to rust.
Not worth the inflated value. Dollar stores have better quality.
Bought for my daughters lunch. Looks cute but not functional. The flaps that hide the zipper get stuck when zipping or unzipping. I'm frustrated trying to get it opened so I know it would be a nightmare for my daughter at school.
This part broke after opening a couple of bottles of wine. I was very disappointed.
By accident (after only having it a couple of weeks), I sat my kettle on a hot surface without water in it. The bottom popped out and will no longer sit flat, and can no longer be used. I don't know enough about tea kettles to know if this would happen to any kettle, if it's defective, or of poor quality. Just be aware. I contacted the seller (Ken) and he offered a replacement. Nothing came. I contacted him a second time and still nothing. Very disappointed in the product and customer service.
Product only worked once,not worth the money
These scoops are terrible. I tired with soft ice cream and cookie dough and they all broke on the first use. I do not recommend buying this product.
Didn't keep coffee hot at all.
Worst Product Ever. The top lid gets stuck every time and hurts your fingers. I usually need help from someone else to open the lid. It's not worth buying.
If you want a can opener that opens cans, this is not effective. It's very nice looking and streamlined, but it's decidedly the *worst* can opener I've ever owned. The turning key is very difficult to turn owing to the lack of alignment in the teeth. The blade seems relatively sharp, which is irrelevant because the blade is bouncing all over the place. I've owned it for a little over a month and age has not improved it. In sum, don't bother.
Wasn't happy with these shakers, but the company was compliant and send me a refund on a return.
One of the worst purchases I've made on Amazon. Bad quality and the spoons are ridiculously big to the point of being unusable. I like the overall style of them but there are major design flaws. Huge disappointment as I am now stuck with 3 sets.
never recieved them and I never told you.
The seller has no integrity - sent me a completely damaged product that wasn't even the product identified on the box. They should not be allowed to do business on Amazon. To top it off, the product arrived late and was unusable. This was for a business event – totally unacceptable.
Extremely disappointed. This is definitely not consistent with the texture or strength of a standard doormat. It feels more like a spongey shower or bath mat. Too much work to return so I'll keep it and use it it the bath. So don't purchase if you are looking for it to stand up to a door mat. :o)
These are just lids.
This product leaks all over the place. Each time I use it, about 1 cup of water leaks all over the counter. It is also much more difficult to use than my previous Soda Streams. Not happy about my purchase at all, and it couldn't be returned.
Lids don't stay closed. The glass part is fine but the lids aren't very well made at all.
Non stick coating started flaking off after the third use.
When I opened the package, I saw stains on the trays and dirt inside the cubes! I washed them and the stains didn't go away, plus I didn't like the strong smell. I have other silicone products that don't smell like this. Plus, how can you trust a company that has a bunch of misspellings on the label!??
I got one which is made in China. It's not from Finland as its advertising.
I was told they were damaged and they were sent back and I would receive a credit back to my account I am still waiting
used it 3 times then it just gave up. Not worth the effort to return so in the trash it went.
This was broken when I received it.
It broke after the 2nd use
It broke after three weeks.
This item was NEVER received even though I was charged for it.
I've been using this device for a few months now and everything works except for the plastic clip that holds the device to the side of your sous vide container. I'm not sure if the device was manufactured with the flaw or if it's an issue with the plastic, but the second time I cooked with the device and tried to clip to the side of my container (the container specifically recommended for this device and one that is not too thick or anything else), the plastic split off the metal.
This is super cute but I only received a salt shaker, no pepper shaker. Pretty disappointing.
I was very disappointed. The batter stuck to bottom of pan and brownies broke apart when trying to lift the from tray even though I sprayed Pam on everything including the rack.
Handle on the ladle came in the mail fell off immediately. Felt cheaply made, fairly disappointed.
Got four months use before the salt stopped working. Not a good product.
Not great ,not strong enough to produce good fries need to send it back I don't think it's the one unit I got I think it's a super cheap made in China
The soda Stream I received does not work. It actually had a part that came out of it.
This wine opener is junk. I had it for two months and then it quit working so I changed the batteries. Still didn't work. Don't waste your money on this one.
Does not peel smoothly
I recieved this product twice with no crystals. Pretty bummed
Garbage....broke in 2 months.
Horrible customer service. Product stops brewing and leaks after 16 months. What coffee maker has such a short lifespan. Delonghi won't replace or repair. Only offers 20% discount a newer model.
Came broken and returned.
I received 3 ziplock bags Of balloons Not remotely neon in color. Very upset.
I used to make apple sauce. Felt like wooden pestle did not fit firmly against sides of strainer so it took forever for apple sauce to pass through. The apple sauce was very smooth when I was finished. Also the stand was not wide enough to fit over bowl which collected apple sauce, so the whole thing was wobbly and awkward.
I order these as a gift. They only sent me one. I contacted Amazon and they sent me two in the mail, but having never returned anything through amazon before, I had asked if they will send me a return mail label, they said yes, but I never got it, so the "one" they sent me, when they should have sent "two" (in my initial order) sat in my spare bedroom with all the other Christmas mess and now I have been charged for "two" again. I have exhausted myself trying to get a message back to Amazon to see if I could still return, and if not, could they at least send me the missing "bag" from the "initial order", since they are making me pay for it, but have been unable to get this message relayed - exhausting and aggravating!! Other than that, the bags looked great.
one of them cracked, seems low quality
Leaks, doesn't create a seal.
Never came with lights, the stand was broke from the wings and the wings were bent.
Very disappointed in the resulting quesadillas... Will be putting it in the Value Village bag.
NOT STACKABLE. BUY SOMETHING ELSE. They collapse into one another. Had to do this absurd staggered stacking that took up WAY too much room in addition to looking terrible.
First time using it and the screw broke off in the cork. Now I'm trying to use pliers to open a bottle of wine.
I expected it to be stainless steel. Only the wires are. Put it in the dishwasher and it tarnished. Not nice.
Ruined! Packed with paint and paint lid was off.
With the heat, it bend and twisted its side up; and it got burn (fire) the side that touch the upper part.
This item is NOT for al Keurig 2.0 machines. This item is intended for the machines that have a side reservoir. It is NOT for the machines that have a back reservoir as indicated in one of the photos. I already reported this to Amazon and they did refund my money on an Amazon gift card. I was able to purchase the correct one from a different seller.
This item arrived bent in half. I threw it out.
It is not as useful as I though.
Fits fine but the whistling noise it makes when you drink is a nuisance. Not a big deal as long as you don't mind people looking at you when you take a drink.
The first time I used this was with a thicker icing. It wouldn't push through the tip and created a bubble/weak spot in the side of the bag. Was so frustrated, threw the whole thing away!
Very little noise..but probably because it isn't working. It also looks wonderful, but I would rather it work. Doesn't cool down at all... the temperature didn't change. I had it on for multiple days and still nothing changed. Pretty depressing. I had high hopes but yet it completely failed.
The ad information said the size was 10 7/8 x 8 3/8. The lid that was sent was too small. It was about 7 1/2 x 9 1/2. I went to the Corning site and ordered from there.
This bottle broke on the first day of use! It fell on carpet and cracked from the bottom, leaking all my pre work out. Now take it I have used other bottles before and have fallen, but never broken before. Very dissatisfied!!!
They don't fit the basket for my Keurig there too big , the basket wont close and ended up with a mess. Coffee grounds all over . Not worth the price.
Ordered this in November 2017. It simply quit February 3, 2018. That is 3 months after purchase, it stops working! I will NOT buy this again!
It's cute but doesn't come with any instructions on how to light the burner. I can't even find anything on the internet. I'm considering returning it because I have no idea how to heat it. I don't know why it wouldn't have instructions. Can't find any info to contact seller either so I can get the info. I will change my review if the seller will email me the instructions.
Had some house guests over and they broke the normal grounds container i had, Order this set and my machine wont recognize it. Waste of $9. Bought a regular one from the store for $12 and it works. We have a Keurig K475
Overall I am super dissatisfied because I purchased this for a friend and got very embarrassed when I was told it rusted all up in a month
The food processor was not usable. I tried to attach the bowl lid to the bowl, but it would not slide into position. I explained this to the provider, but they accused me of returning a used item! Wrong! Unusable and unused. They were not good merchants. I have owned two other Cuisinarts and loved them. This was not a good transaction. It cost me to return it. I hope that they didn't just repackage it for some other unknowing buyer.
The one we got didn't work.
Like the carafe fine....but it would've been nice if amazon didn't send me 3 of them, and charge my account. (I absolutely only ordered one!) so disappointing! Now it'll take weeks to get MY money back, but amazon sure didn't hesitate on taking my money. I'm contemplating never using amazon ever again.
Did not fit the blender cover
Very shallow for their volume. I returned them. Useless for most mixing.
Came in a box with other items I ordered all of which are fine, but the ceramic casserole was wrapped in a thin bubble wrap which is not sufficient to protecting it. So now, it's smashed. Do I really have to send back this garbage?
received these cups completely sealed but they were all oily and slippery on the outer side
I was very dissapointed I had no idea they would be so small
Couldn't even use this thing. The holes were heat sealed. We had one last year and it was easy.
I was excited with this but approximately 2 months of use, where it was only removed to fill, it cracked on the seam and filled my fridge.
Have not tried the product yet but it arrived with the cap broken in half due to no box being used for shipping. A shipping envelope is too flimsy for this to be shipped in. Thank goodness it has a safety seal or the whole thing would've been ruined. Will update after I use product.
Then top is cheap silver colored plastic. I broke it (at the post that holds the cap) first time I took it off. Ironically the funnel is nice sturdy metal, the bottles are nice and heavy, and it comes with nice labels. However, the dispenser top IS the product.
It is too small disappointed
The product I received had a rough surface as though it had already been used. When I attempted to return it the instructions stayed that I would be responsible for the return shipping and handling costs.
These do not snap tight; the lid just sits loosely on top of the container. Would not recommend for transporting food. I'm trying to get some use out of them by taping the lid closed.
it is very hard to fit into the blade assembly, it seems thicker than the original gasket, but according to the item discription it is suppose to fit my blender
Stopped working properly after 9 months of use. Coffee just taste like water even after using different flavors. Reset the system still tastes the same. Very disappointed.
I purchased this fan in August of 2018 and it stopped working 2 weeks ago (November of 2018). This product only lasted a little less than 3 months, which conveniently was right after the warranty expired. This is a horrible quality product that is being labeled as "best choice," which is deceiving and manipulating to the buyer. When I contacted the company about this product breaking, I received an extremely vague and general response in return. I proceeded to contact the company 2 more times, and received almost the exact same response each time that did not answer or clarify any of my questions or concerns. This made it very clear to me that they do not care about their customers at all. Also, this product came without the 4 screws that are supposed to secure the base together, and when I brought this to the attention of the company they did not offer any assistance or a replacement/ refund. Save yourself money and energy and do not purchase this fan. It will stop working after the warranty expires, and you will have cheated yourself out of $50.
Product never arrived! 😡😡😡
Received only 1 whisk. Original packaging was opened and small whisk was missing
Broke the first time I used one. Very difficult to use and store.
This is a terrible product. I would return it if I had gotten it from a store. t cooks only on one side at a time. Takes 20 minutes to make a waffle. I have never returned anything on Amazon but if I knew how I would return this waffle maker. I will never use it again.
Very upset because I needed the kisses for my wedding favors and I received my Amazon shipment without the kisses in it. I will be reaching out to Amazon for a refund!!
did not work as advertised
Maybe I just got a defective board, but I was expecting something more solid. Instead, it was like several wood strips pieced together with visible seams. The glue even showed in several places between the seams. The color variation looked nice, but it was poorly constructed.
Never received item, seller did not respond to inquiries either
Save your money, Cook HB eggs like you always did.
This is not the Starbucks cup it pretends to be.
Liked nothing. No way to give 0 stars. Only received 1 out of 3 I ordered. Two emails to seller, no response at all. Do not order from this vendor
Have had Rachael Ray pots for over 15 years and I needed another big pot. I was so excited I started using it right away. I was washing it after the first use and noticed a nice crack along the bottom edge. Looks like delivery driver dropped it, because there's a nice indent in the inside on bottom (hard to tell from picture).
I did not like it. The display only show if the stars are on. Even during the day so battery dead quick
Loved this when we received it and really does keep liquids cool which is what I was looking for. Unfortunately, after a couple of months, somehow the button to open it jammed and now the spout won't close at all. This makes it useless since it leaks out of the spout unless it is properly closed. We have tried everything to fix it with no luck. The return window had already closed so I could not return/replace. Not sure that it's worth the money to re-buy if it's just going to stop working again after a couple months of use.
I received a damaged product with multiple dents in the lid. It did fit the 12 inch pan, but I paid full price for a damaged product.
Loose screws, crooked pegs, damaged finish. Basically had to take it apart and reassemble before use. Not high quality.
None of the colors actually turned out like they should have. And the taste was awful!
Darn thing broke the 2nd time using it.
Product is not as advertised. It is made in China which lead me to believe it may even be dog skin rather than sheep skin as it is neither plush nor soft.
In just about an year this MW simply stopped working. Nothing happens when we connect it. From the other similar reviews it looks like this is a frequent problem with this product. Amazon needs to remove this item from their website.
This had a crack halfway down the side.
Item was broken when received. It had a note saying if broken message seller and same day shipping... I have message the seller 6 times and no response. Don't buy!!
They are hardly open at the end. Not enough to grab a piece of toast. You have to pry it open and it feels like it will split- which is pointless.
I received my package and the box was perfectly fine but some of the jars were shattered and others were cracked. I can't return the product because I need the few that aren't broken for my business now. They barely put any packaging around the jars.
There was no handle attached on in the packaging of the product
walls are so thin it arrived dented and oblong to the point the lid would not fit. incredible waste of time and resources
The item received was completely wrong! I ordered a ROUND 5 TIER stand.. instead I received a SQUARE 4 TIER stand! Thanks to this mistake I had to spend hours shopping in town for the correct replacement. And by the way.. there's a price difference from what I purchased and what I received .
Giving this one star because I can't give it zero. I was disappointed when amazon shipped this product to my house. They came in an envelope and half of them were broken they're thin cheap plastic. I complained and amazon sent me the number to the company who makes these cups (even thought amazon is the one who ships products, and it was their fault that the cups arrived broken), I spoke to a representative and they assured me they would fix the problem and send me new cups, free of charge, before the event I was hosting. The cups arrived late on Saturday Night and I could not use them for the party. Not worth the hassle. Just buy cups at walmart, target, the dollar store, a gas station, or anywhere but here.
Nothing new here. Same problem that everyone else has mentioned--it's not a snap-tight lid, which makes no sense! OXO need a new plastics engineer ;)
First off the packaging is in a foreign language. Fortunately they have pictures for reference. After doing step by step nothing, nothing at all. I'm sure there was tons that went down my drain because it was the blanket my dog sleeps on.
I really wanted this trifle dish. However it was just placed in a box as you would find it in a store with no protective packing around it.. This in turn was well packed in an Amazon Box but I am sure the damage was already done. it was in a million pieces when I opened the box. Now I have to return a box of broken glass.
The product looks great and works great...about a little over 1 month into the purchase, as many warned, the auto-shutoff stopped working, so the water will just boil and keep on boiling until the pot is dried unless someone shuts it off
So while I love the look and size of this bread box it arrived completely dented in with chipped paint. Need to contact about a replacement or refund and can update my review once that is handled.
Not very magnetic not useful for anything but as thick tape.
The packaging was beat up on the last 2 I ordered. They looked many years old.
Arrived in new condition, properly packed as new but the pot was severely corroded in the bottom. Cheap construction/quality control. Manufacturer will take forever to fix or replace. Good thing Amazon makes returning defective products easy.
Only workes with coarse grounds for cold brew coffee
Took me a long time to set up. I painstakingly followed he instructions however no matter what I did, it simply did not work! It didn't cut a single slice of frozen meat! WORST quality of all my Amazon purchases!!
Didn't see the other reviews prior to purchase. Hand washed upon arrival, then used once before my husband placed it on the top rack of our dishwasher. Somehow it came out as a mangled mess of plastic, completely destroyed. Disappointing, to say the least.
Can't comment on product because delivery service was too lazy to open gate and walk 8 feet to leave at door. Of course no package was ever found.
I ordered two of these. One came broken. It was packaged okay, so I believe it was broken due to the mail carrier tossing it onto my porch. The one that did not break, I love. It looks nice on my counter and serves its purpose. Updated review: Ok so the salt cellar that did not break during shipping pretty much shattered at the lightest touch after 3 weeks on my counter. I can no longer recommend this item, clearly they are not very durable at all.
I have 2 large dogs that shed. They really don't work to pick up the hair. My regular socks pick up 3x the amount of hair. :(
We bought 4 of these. 2 are fine. The other 2 do not seal - meaning the lids will not tighten on the container. The issue is with the container, not the lid. We can switch around lids and those are fine. You may be fine to buy these or you might not be.
I tried to return it but I missed the return window by 1! Day. I am really frustrated. I used it the first them for shredding cheese and it worked fantastic. I was busy and didn't get to use it again until a few days ago when I wanted to use the blade attachment for strawberry puree. It'll spin with nothing in the bowl but if you add cut strawberries you can hear it try to rotate but it won't. It's useless now. I am really frustrated I've had it since the beginning of March so barely a month. I expected more. Not sure what to do now.
This company and its products are unethical, dishonest, and rip off their customers! I bought the 10-piece set along with this lasagne pan. Loved the products at first, so excited because the food slid right out and there was practically nothing to clean, just like the commercials and reviews (initial) say. But after only a few uses, I noticed that food was sticking and the pans became really hard to clean - harder than other pans I had that were not even non-stick pans. When I called them, I got a dim-witted customer service rep who kept insisting on giving me the address in NY, to where I was supposed to pack up my items and include a check for $9.95 to return it. No phone number, no access through the website. As if the items themselves were not enough of a bait and switch, I decided to review loudly here, to help other consumers avoid the lousy goods and lack of service you clearly could expect from Gotham Steel. DO NOT BUY!
I have now owned my NutriBullet for a couple of years. Do not buy this. It is a piece of junk plastic. It will work fine for a short amount of time and then become problematic. So far, I have had to throw away two of the plastic cups and blades because they get stuck together and nothing will bring them apart. Then the latest problem was that the cup/blade combo got stuck on the base and could not be unstuck. It is landfill fodder. You will be disappointed. Maybe not right away but very soon...
We were hoping to get 5+ years out of this set. We're only 2 months in and already regret the purchase. High heat severely damages the bottom of the pans (the most aesthetically pleasing aspect of the pans). Everything, particularly meat, sticks to the bottom of the pan and then falls apart, even when generously oiled. The handles act as strong heat conductors and get too hot to touch. That being said, these pans take a long time to heat up. Cleaning is next to impossible, and discoloration is immediate. I just did my first copper polish on the bottom of the pans, but it did no good. The luster of the copper on the bottom fades after the first use.
This scoop arrived in an undamaged product box but when I opened it, it was visibly used and dirty. Scuffed and smudged, I was grossed out. This is amateur. Won't be buying this brand ever again.
Cup handle was completely busted, the top of the cup was all chipped up. Complete fail with shipping.
Very unhappy with this purchase. This item has not been usable for a month and a half, it just stopped working !!!
First one's "crock" was warped badly out of shape. The glass lid didn't fit correctly at all, with at least a 3/8" gap on most of one side. The second one is marginally better -- but this crock is misshapen as well, and the lid is too long to sit squarely and securely on the oddly short pot (short in the long dimension - the lid teeters back and forth). I know the lid doesn't have to seal , exactly -- but it does need to keep the heat and steam in to be effective and efficient. At the very least it should help contain the contents when moving the unit. Either of the ones I received would allow a good amount of chili to slosh out the sides as if there were no lid at all. I've gone from thrilled with the prompt and helpful customer service to feeling like the vendor is wasting my time. Boo.
Rattles when driving.
If i could give a zero star i will. My first order arrived with a broken fork. I requested a replacement, got it and after 3 uses my fork broke from the base. Its cute but is definitely a not reusable set. Dont waste your money with this.
Do yourself a favor and avoid these! All arrived in a giant plastic bag like they were hand-picked out of the garbage. Supposed to be 100, however less than 90, 5 were broken. Waste of money! No seller response either. I have to return these for my money back? Really? Are they going to actually try and give these to someone else????!!!!!
The handle gets stuck, I thought it was going to work like the one I purchased from Bed Bath and Beyond, but it doesn't. This one was less expensive, but I was better off going back to Bed Bath and Beyond. The price was good, but the product wasn't.
Poor weight distribution
I opened the package and popped open one of the food cover tents. A few seconds one of the legs springs straight out straight. It disconnected from the corner of the mesh and upon further investigation these things appear to be hot glued at this connection point. That is a super cheap way to construct them and I'm not sure how they received such high ratings. I'm very disappointed in this product.
I love these straws as I can reuse them over and over again. The problem is, what is marketed as an 11 inch straw only measures 10 inches. The package is also marked 11 inches. You can see from the photo the that the straws I just purchased is one inch shorter than my old straw which is 11 inches. You can also see on the back of the package it is labelled as 11 inches. If you don't need the extra inch I highly recommend these straws.
Ive had several Keurigs. This one lasted 6 months. I use it 2-3 times a week. I wont be buying another Keurig.
The advertised size is wrong - actually about 6.2 x 4-5 inches. As a reviewer above said, it would good to hold some chopped veggies or snacks at most.
Dropped it from 3 foot counter and it broke. Cheap knockoff. For the price I was hoping it was more like the real thing. Looks nothing like the Stanley cup
I haven't used this cooker yet. A part is missing
My first unit failed after several months. West Bend shipped a replacement unit, and that failed after only 25 uses. I do not suggest buying a West Bend popper.
This product doesn't work at all. After installing a battery, it became extremely hot within a minute of insertion, without turning on at all. I will be returning this item.
Stained with eggs later I check now rusting .
This item broke the very first time I tried to open a can with it. I've used several of these in the past, so yes I know how they work. We even tried to put it back together to make it work again, no luck. I threw it in the trash.
After 4 months light use, the nonstick coating already cracked! Huge risk of my health!!
I should have read the reviews. I am also missing the "f" piece so I can't put this together. For almost $50, this is very frustrating to not have all the pieces. I sent an email to the company so fingers crossed they will send me the part.
Lost in the mail and never arrived. Had to reorder at the last minute for my event; which came overnight.
I would give a zero if I could. One broke after the first freeze despite being frozen on a flat surface. 3 months later I have 2 of 6 that didn't bust from barely being used.
I wish I had read all of the bad comments first before buying this. This is a TOTAL piece of junk! DO NOT BUY this. I guess that's why this seller has a do not return policy. Used it once and it is dull and totally useless, not like the original Swiss Rex peeler. Into the garbage it goes and the seller is richer by by scamming people.
This flatware is made for kids, and even they may break them. They are not sturdy at all.
Nowhere near as good as Baja Bobs sugar free. Won't buy this one again
This salt grinder is supposed to be the best grinder in various foodie websites and cooking magazines. However, I find this salt mill top to be of poor construction and flimsy. Will not buy the pepper mill that makes this a set
I had to return this as it did not fit my blender. It is great quality and I would have loved to have been able to keep it. The one I ended up with is tall and ugly by KitchenAid!
Delivered in broken pieces. Had to glue it back together. Don't buy this ! Cheap
Cracks, dents and splinters on the handles and on multiple parts of the wood as received. Flimsy. Legs are not stable nor sturdy and does not lock in place. The product is unusable as received. Waste of space and money. Cheaply built in Vietnam.
Received this product Wednesday and just opened it on Thursday. Each bottle came CRACKED and shattered. I even cut myself opening it. Don't order.
HAD HOLES IN THEM AND WOULDN'T HOLD AIR..
These are the flimsiest pieces of garbage ever! I used them twice then threw them away they are so bad.
Does not fit. No way. What a scam
It doesn't open anything. Needs grippers or something. Very disappointed. I am elderly and not as billed.
we returned this item as soon as we opened it
So upset right now. It's been more than two months since since I order this stupid mug! I haven't received my stupid mug. The worst is I can't even track because the stupid company didn't put a tracker on it! So wtf!!!
I've bought pourers before and they fit perfectly, however these do not fit. I am very disappointed in this product.
We have had 2 burn up. The last burn caused the handles to literally melt on our counter. A huge fire hazard. Thankfully we were home when it happened. They replaced the first one, but the 2nd one followed suit and they were not willing to do anything. Stay away.
Coffee pot shattered while brewing and pot barely brews... not happy
Big waste of money for me. I think it would be a great product if it would adhere to the sink the way it's supposed to.
I bought this because I have very bad arthritis in my hands. The first problem was the battery cover was impossible to get open. My friends husband had a problem. Next I cut my finger trying to get the lid off the opener. It is extremely slow. Would not recommend this opener.
Bought it in July 19th, and today October 23rd died, R.I.P garbage slicer. 3 MONTHS LASTED DO NOT BUY.
I microwaved a potato and the rim of the cover melted. I had to pry the rim off the glass platter.
Piece of crap. I'm on my second one and the handle has damn near fallen off on both. Yes there's a screw there. Good luck trying to get it to move. No way to contact company for support.
Never received them. The day after it was to be shipped, an email was sent that the delivery was unsuccessful. It said to verify my address was correct. It was , and I received everything else that I ordered that day. No charge to my account, but no attempt to redeliver. Gave a 1star rating because I had to choose one before submitting.
Worked great for 4 months then stopped working. Electrician said he couldn't fix it!
The knives arent shaped well for spreading, and the fork handles are shaped a bit awkward once you hold them in your hand. Not a fan of these at all.
I bought this bartender set and barely has two weeks of use and has you can see in the pictures the quality is horrible. I dont recommend it at all, is too expensive, cheap quality.
These aren't heavy enough to keep the egg from going under. Didn't work at all for me. Bummed! I was looking forward to making really good breakfast sandwiches.
I am only giving one star because system won't let me give lower. first use, the cutting teeth snap off. i figure it was just the one, so i went on line to replace it. IT'S NOT ELIGIBLE FOR RETURN. i look at the description and no where does it say that. i think returns should be accepted for products that have this many different complaints on it. this item should not be offered for sale any more.
The item cracked and bend after just 4 days of use, we also wrote the feedback to seller but didn't receive any response.
This, "Fruit bowl" as it is listed, is about 5" across by 4" tall. Big enough to put ONE apple in lol. Vendor totally misrepresented product. Im glad I hadnt bought it as a gift. It's a cute bowl if you need something to put cotton balls or potpourri in. But, definately NOT a fruit bowl.
I STILL did not receive this after amazon said it was their fault! and that was weeks ago.... either refund my money or send the item please!
Plain and simple... Does. Not. Froth.
I can't even return this product because return window has closed. However, these things don't work period. Still gets mosquito bites everyday. Don't waste your money.
They've sent me 3 boxes out of 4 so far, but they sent me 2 boxes of "BLACK" bags, not clear one.
Trash. Stopped working after second bath.
Tried to use it for the first time last night- it immediately jammed and broke- it will not turn on now. I'm past the return time and didn't keep the box - didn't expect to have any problem with it since my last air popper worked well for years. Guess I'm out of luck.
I am sorry I purchased this coffee maker. I gave it one star because it does make coffee. But the carafe is terrible: (1) It doesn't keep the coffee hot for even one hour; (2) it leaks when you pour; (3) when rinsing, the liquid doesn't come out, it stays in the carafe. You literally have to use a towel to get the liquid out.
The cap leaks when I drink out of it. I've tried both bottles and many levels of tightening the lids and cap. Plus the water only goes through a small section of the carbon filter so it doesn't seem like it is filtering very well. It doesn't taste very good, still just tastes like tap water.
The concept for this product is fantastic, however, the quality of the item is unacceptable. After using only a few times, the bottom part of the handle that connects to the mug cracked on the inside. I am not certain whether this was due to temperature or the weight, but the cheap plastic could not hold up to every day wear.
Cheap. Made like a toy. Static cling happening with the dustpan. Save your money.
We're nurses, we're careful, we know how to wash our hands and this didn't come into contact with water. Stopped working after about a week or so. Changed the batteries (that we brand new initially), after changing them this dispenser still didn't work. Turned on and soap came out once and that was it. Maybe the sensor is broken? I have no clue. Now I have to bother to return it! WASTE OF TIME!
This is definitely NOT the mug I ordered
This thing is garbage! Temp probes are way off from actual temperature, Bluetooth does NOT reach the distance it states. My monitor loses signal when it's less than 10ft away. Defiantly does NOT work through windows, and is useless as a Bluetooth monitor which is the only reason I bought it. These cheap products shouldn't be allowed to be sold. Not even worth returning, it was much more satisfying to curb stomp this pos.
Really disappointed in this rug, it is obviously lower quality because of the price but it also has such bad folds in it that I trip over it every day. We bought if for our baby nursery but will have to throw it away because I can't trip over it any longer. I tried everything over the past few months to flatten it out but nothing works. These pictures were taken after weighing the rug down with over 100 pounds for a week!! Still bent! They must store these rugs folded in half, do not buy it!
did not work, returned for refund
My 1800W production oven boils one quart of water within 4 minutes or so (cold water temp vary), but does not boil water after 15 minutes with this plate. Totally useless.
This is not authentic! I was replacing one that I had and thought it would just be easier to buy from amazon since it ships so quickly. It was a big mistake, not only is it more expensive here, but it is not a Brown Betty! Authentic Brown Betty teapots have a distinctive marking on the bottom of them, this does not have that. I wound up ordering from my original source, the two pictures shoe the differences. DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM if you are looking for the fabulous Brown Betty teapot. It really does make tea taste better, asa tea fanatic I can attest to the difference. The first photo is the real one, the second is the one I got at amazon from this seller.
The bottom of the glasses crack after a month and leak. Do not buy
I purchased these trivets for their advertised versatility. It is listed as being able to use a trivet for hot items AS WELL AS a substitute oven mitt for ovens. As a trivet...no issues. But that's not really that difficult to pull off either. A dishtowel could do the same thing. But I like that the design and the perceived functionality. As a means to use in a HOT oven, NOPE. NO. NADA. I managed to burn my fingers right through one. The mat itself did not burn because of the silicone but it DID NOT protect my hands from the heat.
I've been trying to make this chinese puzzle work on my cutting board since December when I purchased it. What a waste of money. When you try to set it flat on the cutting board there is this what plastic tab that is a permanent part that keeps you from doing just that. I've taken this thing apart and put it back together 20 plus times and even though it says it's designed to work on your cutting board, I can't for the life of me figure out how????? When I do get to the part with just the blades sticking out, it just grabs onto the nuts and won't let them go, there should be an apparatus for the blades to go back through so the nuts don't stick. SCREAM!!!!
The plugs aren't as big as you need for any smoker. Traeger or green mountain.
Very cheaply made...
Like wax paper, far inferior to their old parchment triangles. The Ateco 450 is far superior and similar to Wilton's old paper.
Unless you're making egg salad with your eggs, this is not a good product.
Did not receive what I ordered.
My last electric kettle - around the same price, lasted for 4 years. This one - 6 MONTHS. The lid came apart a couple of months in, then it started to leak water around the handle... a lot! And finally just died all together. Not impressed.
Product came in 2 days, but it was dented in 2 places. And not small dents.
Flimsy crap. I'd do better building a stand out of toothpicks.
I was very excited about this juicer but the first time I used it, it leaked everywhere on my counter and into the juicer itself. It made it hard to clean since the juice did not stay in the removable parts. Also there were small long fibers of something black in the pulp and it freaked me out a little. There were large chunks still left after running the same cucumbers through twice. I was very disappointed because the other reviews were so good. It's not worth the money and when I saw it was made in China (which I did not see on the description page) it made much more sense why it wasn't as good as I had hoped.
I just received our "Deluxe" model from UPS. I opened the box only to find the small 3-hole version. I would have just written this off as a mistake but, reading the reviews I found someone else had the same problem. This smells like a bait and switch from the supplier. I am sending it back for my refund.
The product is came without rubber seal,it's useless
From outside it can even be nice... only problem was it broke after maybe 30 to 60 seconds of use. Engine melted and my kitchen got full of black powder coming from the engine. absurd. I was not even contacted by the company. I received the refund in really short time. only good remark.
The order should have come with a cookbook. The book was not included and the picture of the item showing the book has been deleted.
This did no come boxed. Just plate floating in large amazon box. Wanted it boxed to present as a gift. Disappointed.
I ran at least two gallons through it and couldn't get the hard plastic taste out of the water. Obviously I'm returning it
Won't cut butter ( as my grandma use to say) let alone pizza. Yes, it cuts for a bit but it starts to dull quickly.
The shipping package was fine however the product package was wet inside and had mildew on the product and the numbers were falling off the sticks. Should have never been sent in such condition.
Wow these were awful. First time you cook the smell like a chemical factory. Maybe my bad because we didn't pre wash well enough. Worst was they turned brown with use. We ended up throwing them out because they were so ugly. Price was great. You get what you pay for... cheap and low quality. Now we have learned our lesson and we are shopping for a set that will last a lifetime. Like the pots my mother owns and STILL USES!
One of the cups I got was broken. I don't know who packed these but they should learn how to wrap. am not happy
Poor quality Please save your money. I regret ever buying this.
This makes a mess! It is the worst!!! No matter what I do it won't lay flat in the pan so the batter leaks below the mold and all you have is a MESS it's hard to wash and it's useless!!! I've given it 5 tries, and had my husband try too. Either ours is defective or the product is a bad design. Don't waste your money.
I was super excited to get this wrapping paper. I'm hosting thanksgiving dinner at my house this year so I'm putting up the tree the day before versus the day after. I bought this wrapping paper because having all my gifts wrapped in pretty prints of plaid would look great by my fireplace. I love that its reversible so I got more looks for the price. I wrap my items sitting in the floor (hard wood flooring) I noticed that even though I was very gentle in wrapping the items, to ensure that there are no tears in the paper, I flipped the packages to notice that any section of the paper that touched the floor it was white. To test this I rubbed the paper with slight pressure with my thumb to see that the color of the paper just wiped right away and was white were I rubbed. I moved on to a rub to continue wrapping and any place I folded the paper or applied pressure when folding or taping, the part touching the rug would turn white. I really didn't expect this for hallmark quality. The cost was about what I would pay at the local department store so I'm just going to keep it. I had hoped it was just that one roll so I tried all 4 rolls with the same issues. I'm disappointed since it its not as pretty as I had hoped. I wont be ordering it again.
The lids do not lock, used these and kept trying to get the lid to latch but it won't. So these are now useless for me which is beyond frustrating. I broke a lid trying to get it to latch but still nothing. They just sit on top of the containers, how annoying. Not sure if I got a mismatched order or what is going on.
Very disappointed!!! The first one out of the box broke...glad it was delivered late, because it was supposed to be a gift!
Did not include the safety glove promised in the description. Food guard was dirty--appeared used. Emailed the customer service account on the included card Sunday afternoon and have not received a reply as of 8:30 pm Monday. I will update my review if the seller fixes their errors.
This item states it holds a ton of water, which it does, However, it makes it watery on the bottom and the counter, I personally have not have a success outcome with this product.
Display came broken. Could not read. Could not use.
These are clearly advertised as white but instead they are blue (as you can see from the picture as it sits next to actual white items). What a scam!!!
I bought these because it was compatible with our Cusinart Air Fryer . They are are a bit smaller than expected , but nor importantly the caught on fire . We had been using regular parchment paper but the don't have holes for air circulation, so we bought these. 3 times they caught on fire after trying different this to keep the paper from being blown up into heating elements. We stopped using them and went back to parchment paper. Funny without the holes to allow air to circulate No Fire , With Holes Fire !
This grinder isn't very easy to clean. Took it apart for cleaning and noticed that the grinders are misaligned: unable to set different coarseness. The corns are loaded through a plastic side door that isn't particularly secure and could open and spill. Do not recommend.
Shipment arrived but didn't contain the product
I tried these. They float in the boiling water and don't seal. You end up with a sort of poached/hard-boiled egg slop. And then you have to dig the eggs out because the plastic, even with cooking oil, sticks to the egg. I threw them almost immediately
I bought this for the wide mouth so that I would be able to refill it easier while traveling. Unfortunately, it ended up leaking all over my luggage. Hoped it was a fluke or that i didn't screw on well enough... but it happened again.
I bought this as a gift and this didn't even come in a box
After less than two of months using this kettle every day I have had now twice where the machine started boiling water on its own and had to be unplugged to stop. Had I not been home there is zero doubt it would have continued until it exploded and what, catch fire? I just contacted Amazon customer service and was put through some ridiculous "reset" which would have accomplished nothing to fix the problem then was informed I would need to contact the manufacturer as the return window has closed. REALLY? Amazon refuses to, on their own, take care of this very evident fire and safety issue where they certainly would have born some responsibility had my house burned down and is forcing me to "fix" the problem on my own. Had I purchased this from target or another store I simply would have returned it for a new one, which is exactly what Amazon should be doing right now. The agent clearly did NOT understand what the real issue is and has caused me to rethink every purchase I make through them. I strongly suggest any reader seeing this to do the same. They could care less when they clearly are selling defective merchandise, they take zero responsibility and the consumer is on their own. Buyer beware, your house could easily burn down and they don't care! **UPDATE** I just posted this the day before yesterday and got no help from Amazon at all, and now the kettle won't shut off at all. You have to unplug it to get it to immediately start boiling water, it WILL NOT stop boiling until you unplug this extreme fire hazard. I'm handicapped and had this put on my bedside table as I do nothing except drink tea all day, so I have watched this piece of garbage go from working well to a complete disaster in less than six weeks. Don't buy this product, Amazon will not stand behind what they sell.
These bands do not last very long at all. We are using on a trash can outdoors and after a month it breaks. You can tie it back together, but in a couple of weeks it breaks again. I would not waste my money to buy these again.
Something is wrong. When I open a teabag the tag and string sticks together to the teabag itself and you have to pull it off as if it is sticky and has dried in this way. It makes me think there might be a chemical that is sticky. Tried my second bag to make sure and this is not good tea. Darjeeling is a black tea and this tea after 15 minutes is only a reddish tan. Something is wrong with it.
This filter does not fit ALL Keurig 2.0 and is not eligible for return.
Fingernail clipper broke upon 2nd use. The stamping at the back end came apart. Unfortunately - this stamping is what creates the spring pressure. Broke into two pieces - upper and lower. $1.20 gas station clippers have lasted me 5 years.....but this one? 5 days!!
the very first time i used it the entire bottom of the blue part turned brown.
I wanted to use it for my protein shakes and as a water bottle when I needed to but it LEAKS! Since the first time that I used it, it leaked every single time, not just a little bit like a lot and I checked the seal and everything.... Don't get it.
It doesn't fit, the wrong probe
DO NOT BUY! This box only came with 2 not 3 Infusers, and is considered non-returnable item. DO NOT WASTE TIME WITH THIS. BUY FROM ANOTHER SELLER.
this item is made for ovens with flat ceiling only
Trash. I actually got a splinter removing the forked spoon from the shipping fish net holder. If you are into sanding down stuff you paid good money for, this is the project for you. Told the seller and he wants pictures of splinters. ??????? Has to be an Asian thing I guess. You can buy better at some dollar store locally.
It is very poorly made and doesn't work
I just got this and the instructions are rubbish. Seriously... I spent 20 minutes trying to put this together and it just won't do what it should. I bent some of the frame trying to put this together. This is silly. I don't even want this anymore. I want a refund, lol.
Junk sorry. Leak an very flimsy. But biodegradable
Broken, returned sent another broken one... Wrapped in paper.. of course it came broken both times...
DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM. Completely different product was delivered. It does not look like this photo. It doesn't even fit an Oster blender. Also the package was damaged and partly open. Do not order from this seller.
I bought this grinder back in Nov. 2018 to be used in the preparation of RAW dogfood for a dog we will be getting in March 2019. My first opportunity to use the grinder was March 1, 2019 after I had been fishing. I cut up the fish I had caught and started grinding them. Everything went well for about 20 minutes and then the grinder just stopped. Would not reset. I tried pressing the reverse button, the Stop/Reset button, thought it might have over heated so place a fan on it... nothing worked, seems like the motor burned out... I tried to return the grinder but because I've had it over 30 days they would not accept a return. unless you are grinding just meet this grinder will not work for RAW dog food. It will not grind fish and I can't imagine it grinding bones from chicken as it is so advertised. So now I have a hamburger patty press that cost me $200.00
Piece of garbage. Motor burned out on second use which is about a week after I received it. Threw out original packaging so I can't return product.
This product arrived shattered.
5 months and the up button works but down doesn't!!!!!! And I don't use this wine opener very often, maybe 8 times since I bought it...
The lower heating elements quite working. Now its too late to return.
Balloons were super cute but popped right away! Started popping as soon as they were filled up. Cheap material.
Water is constantly room temp.
It's so hard to assemble parts together. After my first time using, I couldn never attach the metal parts to the machine anymore. It says the metal parts are made by stainless steel. But I saw rusty spots after first time washing. I'm very disappointed and I decided to return it.
I never received this order
I NEVER Received the Product. I guess I can't expect much, since it hardly cost anything. Even when I contacted the seller, they ignored me. I ordered this for a Christmas gift !! Extremely disappointing. : (
After 6 months coffee is tasting bitter . I have cleaned it and also have run vinegar and water through it and still horrible tasting coffee .
looks nice! Doesn't work well! Over all it creates a lot of mess! Very hard to clean! Can't take it a part and wash everything. It doesn't cook evenly either so cake doesn't come out to be the perfect round balls like the picture!
Never arrived and can't get a refund. Would give zero stars if I could 😡
Don't waste your money/time Not good for macadamia! "Tool" bounces around and comes apart with parts flying across room Trying to return tool...but not having any luck...waste...
Not worth it. Followed directions and had to scrub these to the point they went in the trash after one use.
Both sides failed after about 3 months of daily use.
Came in and had a nasty Burr on it. I had to take it to a knife sharpener to get it fixed.
Order two for Christmas gifts both straws were broke asked for replacement straws over a month later still no straws
Why do they keep leaking out of bottom? On my 3rd one including blades that came with it within a year. We fill to lines .
Way to small for the price you pay.
Terrible. These things were too small. The largest one is probably the size of a lunch plate....but you cant really use it for a lunch plate because the container is really heavy
Too big for my machine
I ordered white wine glasses and got red wine glasses instead. Decided to keep them. They are small but easy to handle.
The was received late and it was broken. Still waiting for a reply as to a refund or return.
I've got this item in may 2017. Hardly used for 4-5 times in the past 8 months. It stopped working and the reset button is not helping too. I would not recommend this grinder, bad quality.
Used for the first time on 4 day vacation beginning on Oct 19. Went through a couple of practice runs using flake food before actual use. Adjusted feeder to dispense proper amount. When we returned home after vacation we found the flake food had pretty much turned to "mud" due to excessive moisture entering food chamber, so much so, it's doubtful that fish were fed more than 2 of the four days. Would not recommend this feeder because of the moisture contamination issue.
Junk. Rotisserie is so poorly designed we could not use it. Catch pan at the bottom was used one time, washed by hand and the coating wore off in spots. Under cooked chicken, and fries. Looked at trouble shooting tips for the fries it says if not cooked properly you are using the wrong kind of potato!!! No mention of what kind of potato to use?? Avoid buying this unless you want an expensive paperweight.
Gifted it to a friend.. Just heard back that it was a defective item and would not even turn on. The return window got closed when I heard this.. Bad choice for a gift...
If you are lucky to get a WORKING unit, it might be an OK product. But you need luck. My first unit heated the water, did not pump. The replacement unit did not even heated the water.... Since their Quality Control is non existent, I gave up on having this tea maker, and sending it back... I could not brew a single cup of tea with 2 of those machines.
Bought this item a few months ago... Does not work anymore.
These glasses are shown as 12.5 ounces. They are NOT. They are 11 ounce glasses if you fill it to the brim. This is false advertising and so I gave them 1 star.
Last only one month and broke after several times use. Not happy.
Says it will fit when I purchased, but doesn't fit. Very upset.
Cheap quality. Didn't work worth a crap.
This product stop working after the first time using it .
I ordered this set to expand my Instapot capabilities. I was excite about the cake pan so I could start making desserts. Sadly, the first time I used the pan, the nonstick coating started to peel. The paperwork in the box claimed it had a 2 year warranty. I contacted the seller who told me that they didn't have any individual products and offered me only a $5 refund for the pan.
The first one I purchased started leaking at the base within a couple of weeks, so I returned it for a replacement. the 2nd one is now leaking at the base like the first one. Don't Purchase this product!
Garbage! Complete Garbage ! Machine died on me after only two months of use. Do not buy!
Center screw is into plastic and comes loose easily.
Did not receive it till now, ordered 3 months before
For the price I paid I assumed it would be visually attractive. It looks like a cheap thick plastic you would cut and put in your garage. It looks incredibly cheap amd not something that you would put in your kitchen. The print on it looks like something in a mechanics shop. 100% does not belong in a kitchen.
Burns popcorn every time regardless of settings or amount popped (and yes, I used brand new Orville Redenbacher's gourmet popcorn). The burnt smell will not wash out of the bowl or lid. Leaves a lot of unpopped kernels. The air popper works much better, does larger batches, and only cost $5 more!
I through mine in the garbage. No joke! I had a different one in the past that I loved but not this one.
Arrived broken into many pieces. Packaged very poorly. Apparently not returnable. Amazon should ban this product from on line sale
the fan died after less than 6 months
My product arrived early, hooray! Unfortunately, it was missing the shears. I called the number that was given to me on Amazon's website and it was for Cuisinart. When I called Cuisinart, the customer service representative (who clearly did not want to be at work today) told me to send an email and I would have to wait for a response 10 to 15 business days. Great. So probably 2 weeks for a response, and I don't even know if they will replace my missing item. Great customer service. They didn't even apologize
I bought these almost a year ago and they started rusting within a month. And the hinge sticks.
These are cute but will break easily,just bought and 1 was already broke.
Pretty but so small! 😞
The missus ordered three of these on my account. Had I seen their price and read the reviews for myself, I would have immediately canceled the order and questioned her sanity. We had to send one back within 30 days because, just like so many other reviewers here, we saw vertical cracks appearing in the corners. This is apparently a structural issue with these boxes, because one of the two remaining units now has a crack in it as well (see photo). Secondly, the rubber seal in the lid pops out all too easily. That wouldn't be such a big deal in and of itself, but without the seal the lid won't mount properly to the box. I could live with these defects if the boxes were handy in use, but they're in fact so small that there's hardly any space in each compartment. Want to pack the kids a tasty hard-boiled egg? You're out of luck: It's too large and will crack just as rapidly as those corners of your Bento box. And the small metal container THAT COMES WITH THE BOX is high enough that you won't actually be able to close the latter unless the former is placed perfectly in the middle. I don't dole out one-star reviews that often, because I have enough business experience myself to be aware that there are actual people on the receiving end of my criticism, not robots. But $40 is an outrageous price of this flawed product. You'd be better off with a simple one-piece box with a lid and some small containers to keep your salad from spilling over onto your sandwich. You'll probably save some money too.
DO NOT BUY! Can't get any instructions anywhere! All searches for instructions came up with website not found, not even a good video. Couldn't even reach customer service . Very disappointing! Is the company even in business?
Lids won't fit. One lid cracked on first use. A source of frustration trying to get the lids to fit and a waste of money!
Loved unit when it arrived, less then 2 months the lid assembly melted and fell off. Very disappointed that it's not holding up during use.
I was so looking forward to old-fashioned perked coffee which I remember as being always rich and good. I purchases whole beads of a brand I love, ground them properly (have experience making coffee this way) and it made the first three or four batches as I wanted and then can't make anything decent. Weaker than tea! DO NOT purchase this as it is a waste of money.
Just received yesterday and today it's already something damage. I'm going to send this back.
My son opened this on Christmas and it was broken. Poor packaging.
To small thought was big hard to use
The bag broke after one week of use, very poor quality. It is not insulated, so it won't keep your food/drink items cold/hot. I would not recommend this item.
Lid won't close in my Keurig with this item being used. Throwing it away, waste of money.
very flimsy construction
Unable to set alarm on my device
I bought these as a gift for my uncle this year for Christmas. He just opened them for a project he is working on and 2 of the 3 knife is bent at the tip. There is no fixing them because of where they are bent. I spent quite a bit of money on something that was rendered useless once opening to see the damage. It is way to late to ask for another set or even a refund. Do not buy if you do not plan on using immediately. Also, inspect immediately upon arrival to avoid a costly mistake.
This is cheap. Look for better
This item was never delivered poor service by amazon and vendor Amazon never gave the option of No delivery
Very disappointed, loved the rose gold metal color but when touched would fall apart.
Glass shattered in the oven at 325 degrees. It was room temperature.
They said dad not grandpa
The pepper mill started breaking down about two months after purchase. The shaft is loose and will not tighten. The hole to fill with peppercorns is not large enough for whole peppercorns so they have to be pre-cracked (unless you get the super small variety). Save your money and move on!
Very difficult to slice even a small apple. This item is not eligible for return. Waste of money
It says 5 pack, only received 1 funnel.
I broke with in a few weeks. As you pull the knives off the plastic cracks around the screws.
The power head will not lock onto the extension. Not worth the money spent.
Did not receive product.
The lid does not stay. It keeps skipping off. I had use all my strength to hold it down and still it splattered all over me. I thought this is an Indian manufacturer so they know what I need for my Indian cooking so it can't go wrong. So I confidently threw away the box, so I am unable to return it but I cannot use it for any wet grinding for which I got this big and expensive grinder. Those who know , Indian cooking needs lot of grinding for curries. All money down the drain !
This item started rusting with a the first few uses. Plus is does no lay flat and is bowed in the middle.
WARNING!!! DO NOT PURCHASE!!! I purchased this on May 31 as a Father's Day gift (because it said I would have it in time) and I never received it. I went to check the tracking on this item and it said it was delivered in Washington and I live in South Carolina. My shipping information was correct so I have no idea why it was sent to Washington. I have contacted the seller twice wanting a refund and I still have not gotten a refund. It has almost been a month and this is ridiculous!
Coffee Maker is ok. Coffee pot is very poorly designed. Cannot fill water into coffee maker without having some spillage. Same when pouring coffee into a cup when the pot is 3/4 to full of coffee. Would never buy again. Need to find another coffee maker. Same complaint on the web site. Wish I would have listened to others.
Cap broke within the first week of use. Garbage product...waste of money!!
This lasted about a month after locking up and ultimately breaking.
Was not a Mr Coffee but a universal replacement.
Worked great - until I put it in my dishwasher. It turned black and all my tea towels are now discolored permanently. Why didn't they make the thing out of stainless steel?
It's definitely not a good product, I bought and it's so poor quality that I had to return mine, I was very disappointed. Definitely wouldn't recommend anybody to buy it!
NOT what the picture show, it honestly feels like a rip-off. Would not recommend.
DO NOT BUY. Warehouse put wrong inventory/pick tags on boxes. You will get 60 Oz pitcher (s) instead of the 68 Oz you ordered. Happened to me twice and Amazon has NOT fixed problem.
One of the funnels was broken during shipment. Tried to use them to funnel spices into other containers but they would clog up. Don't seem very useful for dry or solid items.
Similar to what other reviewers had mentioned, this Thermos tumbler falls apart within months of purchase. On my Thermos, the spin top that closes/opens the tumbler had broken completely. I was unable to drink out of this Thermos without taking the whole cap off. Which defeats the whole point of having a Thermos to begin with. I wouldn't recommend going with this brand, as it seems to be a widespread issue.
This arrived today already tarnished! Will be returning.
These are not durable. I have to double them up..
The hinge or whatever is holding the lid on is very wobbly. Seems like the slightest move will break it. There doesn't appear to be any way to tighten it up. Holds a nice amount of salt and pepper that part is nice. I would recommend a spoon or something to help get them out of the wells since they are small you tend to get some of the each in the other. It's not really that big of a problem since you usually put both on food. To each his own. UPDATE: DEC 20- The lid broke about a month ago... we just kinda set the screw back in place every time we use it... its annoying.. we haven't refilled it this last time it ran out because of the hassle.. not worth the money...
I can't even believe that a sales clerk would even be so money hungry enough to package such a defective product. Shame on you. You ruined my first baby shower!!! Shame on you!!!! Do not order these, if you do make sure that you have enough time to view to send back it defective.
It broke after the first use. Really bad quality and a waste of money. The side latch broke and now I can't even use it.
Beware of the other reviews that state these do not work. I ignored and purchased and then finally returned. The water wouldn't filter and even overnight, I was left with about 2 cups of filtered water and the Brita was still drip drip dripping away. Sad!
I purchased 3 of these. Two 1.5 d one 2.5, all different colors. Made up a bunch of homemade ice cream tonight to give for Father's Day gifts tomorrow and the lids don't stay on! I'm so so disappointed!
Received damaged & returned
Seems like a good idea in concept, but the frozen cubes stick to the rubber and it's really a pain to release them. I stuck it in the cabinet and don't use it. I have a feeling it will end up the trash pretty soon. There are better option out there.
It arrived in pieces as it was rattling around in a box with no packing amongst several other hard objects. They were quick to replace it.
I like the size and slim profile. When it worked it was good.
Bought as a Xmas present for a family member just and found out it has never worked
They are so thin, they warped like crazy, and it's impossible to get them to flatten out or lie flat on the counter. They don't sit flat on the counter, and act like a springboard bouncing up and down while trying to cut food. Nothing like trying to cut something with a razor sharp knife, while it's moving up and down and/or spinning around. For a cutting board, you need a flat fixed surface that doesn't move around underneath your hands. They are also more difficult to clean, because they flex when I scrub them in the sink. I don't get all the positive reviews about these cutting boards; they are incredibly dangerous to use, and very difficult to clean - the worst cutting boards I've ever used. I just can't think of any use for them, so I'll be giving mine to Goodwill.
1 of them cam broken. Other than that they work good.
These ice cube trays did not work for us. The ice did not come out easily.
Charged the diffuser for 2 days and it still did NOT get a complete charge on it at all and it did NOT work.
The item came completely broken. I just opened it today and it was in pices
I made some toast. When I washed the matt it had holes burned into it already. Useless. Had to buy a different matt for the bottom.
Filters are made out of solid paper and, therefore, since water finds a path of least resistance, it accumulates in the coffee grounds container, which ends up floating the grounds, resulting on coffee grounds making it into the coffee. Sorry, hard to explain. I'm switching to a mesh coffee ground container.
Piece of junk. Fell apart after only running 2 potatoes through it.
Although a cute color, this cannister came with a leak that renders it completely useless.
Small, hard to open. Not pleased.
It doesn't work. I returned it.
Comes with free prop 65 warning tag - I wouldn't use them on food, I returned them.
Too expensive for small tins which do not hold much.Poor quality.
The toaster died after only a year and a half. Warranty is only for one year. Disappointing. Don't recommend this toaster.
You get what you pay for... this was $20 bucks on sale. Food sticks, difficult to clean after 4 uses. (Maybe I should clean in between uses?) lol
The spatial has been used three times and the top broke off the silver base!
Did not receive anything
Bought this as a Christmas gift because of easy storage. When used the beaters would not release from the unit. No problems so far with the return and refund from Amazon.
Side one still works, but side two jams and does not work. Unfortunately, this happened two weeks after my return window closed. It is going to the garbage. This sharpener uses thin metal discs. I used a very light touch with no downward pressure. Very disappointed in the product and am surprised there are so many positive reviews. Look for a sharpener that uses stones - not these cheap thin discs.
Came damaged. Not what is advertised. No refund issued. Issue not resolved by company. Proceed with caution when doing business with them. I do not recommend.
Would have given it 0 stars if possible. This product doesn't work! Don't waste your money or you child's hope!
It stopped working barely longer than week after receiving it. The lighter no longer produces the spark necessary for it to ignite. It seemed to be good quality, I am super disappointed. I will be contacting the seller to see if this may have just been a fluke faulty part. I will revise my review if the issues is resolved. Update: I did receive good customer service and promptly got a replacement lighter in the mail. I must say I was shocked that for a second time in a row the refill socket had no O ring which causes the fuel to spray when filling. Fortunately I harvested an O ring from a different lighter. This lighter is working for now, so I must say... It is okay. Correction: Second lighter. Upon receiving a replacement lighter it too stopped producing a spark only this time the entire button just broke into the body of the lighter (as shown in attached photo.) Just avoid this product, it is not made well contrary to the feel of it. It was a waste of money, not just on the product itself, but also in waisted fuel that filled two of these... What a fail!
Received broken so really can't write a review on it. I can say that how the lid was packaged was not good enough to protect it from breaking. So maybe the vendor should reconsider how they pack things for shipping.
Have not received this item. Says delivered Nov 26 but never received.
The nonstick surface started peeling off of the popcorn pot. It worked great and was easy to clean. I loved it until the nonstick coating started peeling off in less than a month after the purchase.
Barely 3 months old (in March) and one of the pans was cracking and peeling. Now 6 months old and the orange part has worn off and a few more pans look really bad. NOT GOOD!!!
Not sure how good it is because it was not ever usable.
It gives the appearance of being a heavy duty pizza cutter. It is a solid piece of metal. It was assembled incorrectly however in the wheel will not turn at all and the quality of the middle is poorly cut poorly plated and just looks poor overall. Returned the item
Biggest piece of shit I have ever wasted my money on!!!!!
This unit was defective. The single cup reservoir for water leaked. The coffee pod exploded in the single cup holder..
I would have enjoyed the product but couldnt use because the sticks were not shipped with the photo props.
The Mugs are really heavy to hold and the handle of one of the mug already broke without dropping. Sorry am not a happy customer to recommend this.
After 3 months it pushed the cork in intead of pulling it out.
Tastes nothing like wine; stick with real wine.
I thought I was getting a rabbit. It is not. It works about half of the time. Very disappointed.
This would have been awesome but when we opened to do our annual Gingerbread house contest the lighthouse was smashed in tiny pieces. SO disappointed as they were so excited about that one
Mine just stopped working after the like 8th time using it. Green light just blinks and sucks a little bit of air out
There is a nail sticking out of the top of the tamper
This does not fit all percolators. It did not fit my cuisinart 12 cup percolator. Not worth the cost of returning it
All of these failed after a few months use (start leaking air)
Pot very thick and heavy
The plastic dome arrived smashed, with the top completely shattered and wide open and a crack running down one side. I need to keep the base for use on a project, so don't have the luxury of returning it for a replacement.
This is not rose gold. It looks nothing like the photo. Really disappointing.
Doesn't work for the model juicer I have. No way to tell that before ordering.
This does not work. It turn on, it spins, it does absolutely NO grinding.
These are not perforated. False advertising
I ordered the 7.75 x 3.75 x 2.75 and received the 9 x 5 x 2.5. Not at all what I ordered. So disappointed. I will be returning.
NOPE! DOES NOT perform as advertised!
Mine arrived without a spigot!!!
Should have known the price was too good to be true. It was very cheap and wasted so much juice. Very disappointed.
Received damaged as did other customers now that I have read this sellers reviews. They are selling for $16 instead of between $22 and $30 like on other sites. Now I know why. very disappointed.
Candies stuck to the paper and I was not able to get the paper off. I was only able to use 1/3 of them, disappointing because it was for my son's birthday cupcakes.
I would like to give them no stars. Wash and dry by hand it says.... The paint comes off in your mouth and on your hands. The glass is so thin that they break very easy. Causing a major cut on my hand. Next time I washed them I tried to be more careful and I broke another one. The last 2 are now in the trash.
Literally broke the 1st time we used it. Waste of money
To small can only hold a sandwich. But it's pretty
Frying basket is very weak and unsafe to handle with hot oil. It bands with not even 1/2 pond load.
I received this pan 2 days ago. There are black areas along the bottom rims inside the pot. It looks like scratches or artifact during manufacturing. The black areas even peel off when washing. I think this will be health hazard for cooking. I can't use the pan, it is so disappointing.
Worked well for a month. Progressively got worse. Had to dial up settings constantly. now even darkest setting brings barely toasted toast. Horrible purchase.
I never received item
Lame product for cooking Bacon
I loved the idea of this lunchbox and not having to add an ice pack, but when my daughter came home school after her first day of using it she said everything inside was soaking wet by the time she got to lunch.
This order was a complete disaster. First, I got only 2 pans, though the box says 3. Second, I got very, very cheap reflective aluminum pans, not non-stick pans as advertised and shown. Third, this is an item that came from some factory outlet that left all the dirty stickers on it. Fourth, both of the pans are corroding. Fifth - though not part of the product review per se, but AMZL delivery left this no where near my front door but rather, exposed in a drenching rain storm. I got no knock, nothing. So it sat in the rain for nearly 24 hours. It was actually raining when the driver left it so this is particularly egregious and annoying. I'm pretty sure this is a recycled customer return that Amazon never checked. Items sold by Amazon directly usually are free of this type of problems, so it is a disappointment. See images.
Product came missing washer and screws. I was in hospital and only recently opened the package. Never had a delivery like this. Very disappointed
i gave it away after one use.
The app used to work. Doesn't any more. Devices is just about useless now. Sucks.
never recieved but insisted that I got it
DON'T BUY. THE FIRST TIME YOU USE THEM, THE PAINT COMES OFF.
This product only work a year and a half. Not worth the money. Very disappointing purchase.
I really like the idea of this can opener but it came apart after 8 uses. This happened after my return window was closed. I just spent a lot of money for nothing!! Don't waste your money!!!
Broke on first use! The wire spring Immediately came completely off leaving just the frame. What's worse, even tho it's only been 20 days since it arrived (well within the 30 day limit), I'm being told it's ineligible for return!
I like the color and the sizes of these lids, and plan to use the large ones to cover my pot on the stove top. Unfortunately these are not 100% silicone and contains fillers as you can see in the pinch test. Google search shows silicone products containing fillers are not recommended for use under heat.
I used it once when I received it. Didn't need it again for 2 months. It will not even turn on now.
I may never know if this is any good or not as it was shipped loose in a bag, the cap all broken up and the material spilled out and loose all over the inside of the bag - came via UPS and was thrown around in transit most likely as my UPS man is very careful and is here often - I never have any damages but then most shippers use a box and some kind of packing material inside!
I purchased this stainless baking sheet for cooking bacon in the oven. I was listening to hear if it "popped" or warped- the oven was set at 400 degrees. It did not warp until I touched the pan with pot holders to remove it. It splashed bacon grease all over my arms and left burns. I am going to look into returning this pan. I wouldn't recommended the pan. Additionally the rack does not sit flush on the pan, it is not level.
I have to return it it was badly bent up
I didn't get my detachable handle!!!!!!
Broke when taking it off of the bottle. Full disclosure: we dropped it on the counter when removing it from the bottle but it was not much of a fall.
Read the other reviews that say it melts because it does. This was after only one hour on high. Glad I was home to smell the burning plastic and turn it off.
Didn't seem etched deep enough to make an impression in the dough!
It arrived cracked at the bottom but I got my money back.
I like the fact that it could spray water, but other than that there's nothing special. Its just the spray nozzle. Without a cap, it gets dirty easily, and its not everyday that you need a spray.
The top edge on both were finished with a band. It was already frayed and will only get worse with use. I tried it out and didn't make much difference in keeping drink cool :( Also, doesn't fit 12oz cans....Other than that, LOL, the fabric was nice quality and it's a cute print.
Has a very strong chemical smell. Bristles are not soft and keep dropped out.
I did not receive the forks just extra spoons
I used the product for 6 months regularly however I consider it light use. While cleaning it one night the probe dislodged from its housing which was cracked apparently from use. Overall I like the product but will not buy again due to its poor construction and durability.
I like the product but don't wast your money on the dehydration rack. It is not the dehydration rack that's advertised. Because of this false advertisement it cost as much to purchase the same item in store with no risk of shipping damages. Very disappointed in the distributor of this product!!!
I have doubts that this pan is made of stainless steel with an aluminum base as advertised. My magnet adhered to the base of the pan from the outside but not to the base of the pan from the inside or to the side of the pan from either the inside or outside. So I conclude that the construction of the pan is not as claimed but in fact is made of aluminum with a stainless steel base.
The seam is splitting after only using it for a month, I don't even use the side pockets.
After a few uses they fall apart and are hard to clean.
I never was able to use it. Put it all together tight had my venison cut into little cubes turned it on and the motor was making an awful sound.
This product was delivered in an undamaged box, but the candle was broken into 3 pieces. It can't be used.
Disappointed that bin arrived with two cracks in it. Apparently made of very cheap plastic. Too much trouble to return so I'm I'll keep it and hope it doesn't completely break apart.
These were great at first, for a couple of months. Unfortunately, the nonstick surface decayed only a couple of months in. Then, a couple more months later, the handle became super loose and I tried screwing it back in to no avail - the screw hole seems to be too large or stripped. I was disappointed because they are nice looking pans, would have liked to use them longer.
Not as advertised - they leaked. Sent them back.
It takes 2 eggs to fill one and they stick in the container, takes longer to cook then in the shell. Disappointed!
Very flimsy. I was disappointed with the quality of this product. And it arrived damaged
After about 4 weeks it stopped frothing although it does heat the milk. I am unable to return to amazon.com so had to reorder another brand. Don't waste your money. No refunds!!
as soon as I took them out of the plastic I noticed a strange odor and decided to return them. Did not want to have to wash them all, iron them and find out the smell would not go away......
Three of the glasses were broken. Packing was terrible. I wouldn't recommend this item.
Pictured without handles but they have handles. Makes them inconvenient to store.
No matter what position the lever is in, soda continuously leaks out drop by drop. Don't waste your money on this product.
The product was expensive for a single use. I did not realize it was a single use product when I ordered it; that fact wasn't made clear. My daughter tried using the product but it's hard to say if it worked or not. I will not purchase it again.
Poured hot coffee in 2 of the mugs and they both cracked and broke.
Not worth the money. It doesn't defrost the food much faster than normal defrosting time.
Didn't have all the parts. really light
Please send the missing parts.
TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. DO NOT BUY FROM THEM! SELLER WILL NOT RESPOND TO YOUR INQUIRIES AFTER YOU PAY. BEWARE.
This toaster looks great but it doesn't work very well. Toasting is never even and when my food comes up it gets bent in half or stuck. I would love it if it worked well. I've decided to return this. A pop tart broke in half and went all through the toaster.
The item I received only worked once. It did not worked the second time. It didn't even light up.
Missed my return date by 7 days!! The plastic coating over the board showing functions and numbers has bubbled up and now is a mess of holes. Can't believe that I can't return this as the item was obviously defective in finishing. Don't purchase this unless you don't care how your microwave looks 37 days later!
*****UPDATE second item didn't work out of box, they claimed to send a new one but two weeks later, nothing. When they sent replacement before, they begged for a good review and then offers to send me money to buy and post good reviews. Wth? I think it's a scam company. I bought this months ago and must say that item is great. The vacuum sealer keeps food fresh or great for sous vide. The machine is easy to use and small enough to tuck in drawers. I loved item because it was so easy to use. After a few months, the machine stopped working but KOIOS has great customer service, they offered an immediate replacement. They believe in their items and customer support.
This is made cheaply, the mixer spines erratically, all over the place, it doesn't hold in a center spin.
I was so excited because this was so cute! Ive had it in the same bottle for about a week, and the coating on the bottom is disintegrating?? Theres tons of silver spots and I've only had it for a week and a half. I super disappointed, not worth it at all.
This came in a big envelope with the plastic bag taped with some bubble wrap. None of them lie flat and the heart was completely bent out of shape. Save your money
lasted six months of very light use before the fuse blew. Apparently this is a common problem with this model, and repair is costly. Just stopped working in the middle of cooking a quiche. NOT happy at all. Won't buy another one.
the ring is too light, it will move around when you cook. Bought a waste.
For $26.00 I thought I was receiving all 4 bowls since they are about $7 apiece Total ripoff.
Just trying to get the sellers attention so I can get this resolved. You think they would put some protective materials in the box or at least mark it "fragile". Nope.
We've had this less than a year and it has only been toasting on one side of the bread for about 3 months- must be stuck on the bagel setting although the bagel button's not lit. Seems overall like a very cheap low quality toaster.
I bought this in October - it's now June, and it's dead. Even on the highest setting, it barely keeps things cool, much less food-safe. It's a shame, because it's a good color, perfect size, and for the first month things seemed fine. Then, over time I had to keep turning the temperature dial further and further just to keep it at food-safe temperature. Now it's on max and it can't even maintain 40 degrees. A total waste of money.
I was excited about this product. But it had a difficult time opening some cans, and it no longer works after 3 months of use.
My Glasses came broken with no paper inbetween other products
Terrible items. Not worth your time to order. These trays are sitting in my garage because the company will not accept a return.
Great idea except tape is useless, pulling off cabinet next day
I ordered these back in September, it is now January and never received them. Contacted the seller but never heard back. Such a bummer because I was excited for these.
I gave this as a gift and it did not work well. No power for smoothies, if I could of returned, I would of.
I used it 4 times and washed it by hand each time. Already the nonstick surface has stopped working. I expected better quality from this brand.
Was disappointed in this product. It is supposed to be a mister/sprayer, but all it does is a stream of olive oil. Will not recommend this product as a mister/sprayer.
The large dish storage did not come with a way to un zip it. It is permanently zipped closed.
I contacted the seller to ask for a replacement. After sending in my order number and a photo of the broken item still waiting for a response........
This product sucks. The lead doesn't close.
Bulky and doesn't stay rolled up
Purchased this in 2016 and used it since purchase. Now the red ball seems stripped and it does not work. This does not seem right for such an expensive item! Would be better off getting cheaper option it these items don't last more than a few years! Disappointing.
Defective. Lid cannot be installed
This is suppose to be a hot/cold cup. It does neither. Keeps my coffee "warm" for about 10 minutes. It doesn't travel well either because the liquid spills out of the opening in the top. Not good at all. Very disappointed.
This item is a complete piece of junk. Arrived broken. Do not buy!!
I ordered 2 of these on March 2nd, today is April 23rd and I still have not received them.
Received it late November 2018. Followed instructions for use. Already broken and having to purchase a replacement bucket part at $50. Based on our experience and reading other reviews this thing is a lemon...
The filter is unable to get fixed on the pitcher, because of this reason the water doesn't hold in the top part of the pitcher and just falls in the pitcher without properly passing through the filter. Filter is loose.
The vendor that provided the soda stream canisters provided canisters that made the beverage taste very moldy. I made sure I cleaned the unit very carefully as per the instructions from the SodaStream makers and sanitized the device and bottle to be sure, use the canisters again and the beverage still tasted very moldy. I had someone check on them and in fact was told when the canisters were refilled, the equipment wasnt cleaned and therefore product a moldy like taste. I had to ditch them and purchase one right from the store and all was well. I couldnt understand why I was getting so sick from drinking it, now it made sense.
The magnet on this is weak and doesn't hold chefs knives well. If you have smaller / lighter knives sure but a regular henckels or whatever just doesn't stick.
I bought this gift for my dad as a birthday present and when he unwrapped it, the glass was broken! So, I ordered a replacement for him and when it came in, that one was shattered too. Amazon, I expected better.
It does not grind like I expected. I still use my old grater, waste of money.
Very uncomfortable, didn't fit right. Returned it
I am so disappointed in these shears! They have only been used a few times as I have a lot of shears, they are totally dull and useless! My husband tried to sharpen them but they just didn't sharpen back up, I'm throwing them out!
Was delivered with a broken handle.
They brake within 5 minutes
I open it the hard way,using a nail and a hammer! very dissapointed this time...and no return option
Product arrived damaged! Cannot use
I certainly had higher expectations for the price. In order for it not to spill, you have to tighten it so much it's difficult to get open (and impossible for a child). The materials are cheap. I wish I would have returned this.
This is such a crap ice tray! It is to small and the ice you make might fill one glass! Too much trouble and the whole system takes to long to make ice! Do Not Buy!
Was much smaller than I thought from the photo. Works ok if you only was a half cup of coffee!
I bought this a year ago but only just started using it a month ago and it already shit the bed. Wtf after a month.....dont waste your money.
I never received the item.
I just bought this machine and I can not get any water pressure! I followed all the instructions for trouble shooting but nothing helped!! :(
Very brittle. Arrived in pieces
Nowhere near as good as the ad shows. I've cut myself multiple times, threw them away.
I order two and neither seated properly in my refrigerator.
Says it delivered somewhere yesterday that IS NOT my address after I selected a two day shipping so I would get it right away and now I'm just out the money and I can't get ahold of customer service.
This thing can barely boil water. :(
The item was received with a cracked lid and chip in the glass on the side of the jar.
Bought two based on the number of positive reviews, first one broke within 3 uses. Just taking internal meat temperature in my home kitchen. LCD screen flashes in and off with ERR message. Doesn't work at all. Avoid.
Item arrived in a damaged box; however, worse yet, the mug was cracked and then glued back together. The glue had literally dripped down the inside of the mug. This is just wrong! I must say though, Amazon's replacement/return process was easy.
I purchased this item and when I received it I was very upset. My item had scratches all over and it wasn't even a cocktail shaker but a cup with a straw... Very displeased.
Touch controls are no good! Do not order this heater
So love the product, Box was so damaged and product was not packaged correctly so concrete chips everywhere:(
Did not work and 1 was broke when it arrived
Did not stick to anything not table not tablecloth. Plus the sticky things one had and the other pack didn't
I received this bowl this morning and I am very, very disappointed in it. My last breakfast bowl was large, because I add a fair amount of stuff to my oatmeal keep my LDL low. Unfortunately, it broke. The product information about this item says it is 5.5 inches by 5.5 inches by 5 inches high. I did the volume calculation and if it was 5" inches high it would meet my requirements. It is only 4 inches high. This bowl is too small. The product information is incorrect. I would not have purchased it if you gave the correct information. If you have a bowl that is 5.5 by 5.5 by 5 inches high (or larger), I would be happy to send the small bowl back in a postage paid box provided by you.
After a few months the heating elements on one side stopped working and the lever wouldn't stay down when trying to make toast. Threw it away.
Did not receive item
I liked it, but it is dead after 5 months. Tried new batteries, but it was kaput. It was not heavily used...maybe five times in a month.
The worst pan I ever had. After less than 25 uses the nonstick treatment is peeling off. Been using the brand for years in Europe and I have the impression that T-fal is dropping the ball with their products. For sure they lost a client in me...because I will not be buying again this brand. Zero stars!!!!
Didn't last long before it broke. Used it twice and boing the wires came popping out.
I purchased this Nespresso for my boyfriend for Christmas since he loved the one he has in his office. After 2 months, we kept coming home to water all over the counter. We have checked the alignment and the plugs - this machine just leaks. Not impressed.
This scale will not stay at zero with nothing setting on it it goes up and down.
I'm giving a one star rating based on the fact that the item never came and I have emailed the seller multiple times with no response and the tracking number given doesn't exist. Beware! Bad seller. Bad communication.
Disappointingly cheaply made. What looks like riveted handles are faux rivet dots on plastic that scratch off. Nice design but so embarrassing as bought as a present.
The seller of this product contacted me and solicited a five star review in exchange for gift cards. This is unethical. Consumers shouldn't be misled like this
The Small spoon is ridiculously Small. What are you going to even use it for? Definitely not going to use the small spoon to eat... the Big spoon is the size for stirring or serving stuff...
Shotty workmanship that is not worth your money! I used this griddle about once every two weeks for a year when the tempature control blew. I then tried to get a warranty replacement and never heard from the company!
Reciever of the gift didn't like it . It only made two cups .😐 I can't return it because window is closed .. I bought it ahead of time as gift now stuck with it !
Stopped working after a week turns itself off without heating. We'll see what breville customer service says on Monday
The product description sounded good. The reality is this isn't a quality product. Handle secures with a little cotter pin really flimsy. The handle is meant to apply the pressure to flatten the tortilla. I note another review said the handle snapped. I believe that!No instructions or recipe book included. Very disappointing!
after several uses (about one cup per day for 2 or more weeks) filtration slowed to pathetic... I no longer use it.
Looked great and loved the size - but arrived in pieces because it was terribly packed.
Used it a couple of times, first 2 times was great, then it burnt something and wouldn't come clean. now the coating is coming off. What a waste of money.
I see it shows it was delivered but I don't know where. It wasn't delivered to my home.
Not the color pictured at all. It's not just a little off, it's a completely different color. Darker blue, not turquoise. Very flimsy also.
I was really disappointed that this didn't work. I had heard so many good things about this product. It worked great the first three times I used it, but then after that it stopped cooking my food completely. I read and reread the owner's manual making sure I was cleaning it properly in between uses, but that didn't make a difference. It just didn't live up to its reputation. : (
Still am not get the protection coverage documents kindly do it anything
Dislike the fact the tabs break with little to no force opening them. It still functions broken, but eventually they will not if 2 our more are broken.
Product has not been used yet because I have not received it!!! Ordered on Oct. 3rd and supposed to be delivered on Saturday, Oct. 5th. Today is Tuesday Oct. 8th and still not here. It was a present I was giving to someone on Saturday-NOT NOW!
1 month in starting to crack. Bad quality.
they did not pack it well and it was shattered
They came and they were dirty - the rubber of all of them (I ordered 4) was coated in black dirt.
The pans look amazing but from first time you use them they stain even from water. They take so long to dry. I was also surprised that there was nothing mention about the handles, they get really hot and you have to be careful so you do not burn your hands. I would like to return them but I do not have the box anymore? can anyone Help with this?
love the whisk but came apart and the handle after only a few months of use. I stuck it back on but it does not stay on all the time anymore.
I bought a 2-pack and both of them have poor battery covers. they fell off some where and now i have to manually push the battery in to use it. Waste of money.
did not work as described
It broke 2 years after the purchase. The manual says 3 year warranty. When I called Customer Service, they informed me that I had to ship it to the Arizona office for them to evaluate and, if approved, they will ship it back fixed or a new one. I would have to pay all the shipping, what would have brought it to the price of a new one. We'll never buy this product again. It does't charge after a while.
Billed but never received.
Just dropped the cup and now it leaks. Too much trouble to return the broken item.
The skillet is the worst that I have seen. Everything sticks and it is very hard to clean.
Normally a big fan of Oxo but this grinder is terrible. Jams, no pepper comes out, incredibly inefficient.
Started leaking with first time use. not worth the buy
They sent a random mug. It was a gift and this made it a weird gift and now my 70 year old mother is supposed to figure out how to return it ... I'm going to end up paying twice for sure
Very cheap looking and too tall to hide in cupboard. Yellow tint.
Don't waste your money, these pans are total pieces of junk, after following the directions and only using them one week, the copper material is bubbling off the bottom. A total waste of my hard earned money.
Just slightly too tight for our existing machine. We thought they might improve with a few uses, but no. Unfortunately, the poor fit meant they leaked and we had to throw them away. Big waste.
Awkward to handle because there is now a safety lock button located on the top of the unit. Have to operate with 2 hands in order to press both buttons. Motor burned out in less than a year making SMOOTHIES! Seriously what a piece of junk......called to get a replacement but I have to ship it along with a receipt and then they will send back to me. I might as well just by a new one from another company who doesn't have RUDE customer service agents.
These are NOT made in the USA. No where on the packaging / item does it even say where they're made..Any metal product used for food in the USA, must legally be labeled with a metal alloy (i.e. 18/10 stainless steel silverware). These straws do not. Also, It comes in a cheap cheap cheap plastic bag. Will absolutely be returning.
I opened the wrap and find out its dented but can't return it because I unwrapped it after 3 months
Doesn't work. However, the seller has contacted me and offered a replacement. Replacement arrived and it works great. Just tilt and grinds your salt or pepper perfectly. Slanted spout ensures your spices make it into the dish and not all over the countertop or stove like other grinders.
I've have gone back and use my old method of descaling my coffee-maker, vinegar and water to rinse. easy no fail method and cheaper.
First off, the set is TINY. Way too expensive for what you get. Second, I ordered 3, paid extra shipping to get them here for Christmas and only 2 sets came. How can I divide two tiny sets to three kids. I am so so disappointed in this purchase and seller.
Like other reviewers here, I'm baffled at how these flimsy bowls have received so many positive reviews. Stainless steel? The bowls I received began to develop rust spots after one use (whisking two eggs).
After the third time using only plastic utensils the coating is already coming off!
Very hard to open and close
I just got it, and the depth is not 3.75" as stated. It's more like 2.5". If you're gonna lie about your product, don't make it about something as easy to verify as dimensions.
AWFUL! DO NOT BUY! Very poor quality...and they are the size of baby forks! Here is a photo of this fork next to a *regular size* kitchen fork. I will never buy from this company again.
Seven months later of normal use and it just stopped working. Won't even turn on. I feel like I got scammed.
Other than the myriad of holes in it it seems like that t would be a good balloon.
Looks great but the door will not shut tight! Actually is quite loose. I am very disappointed and all the manufacturer offered was to replace it. Why bother? Read other reviews with same problem. I hate packing it back up and lugging it to UPS
I'd give it ZERO stars if possible, i saw the bad reviews and gave it a chance. I have my maternity shoot today and decided I'd open it today instead of next sat which is my baby shower... well the product is defective. One of the letter Bs doesn't is sealed off and i couldn't blow it up. I'm so disappointed. This vendor needs to get with it!
Fell apart first use
It came chipped in the front which is super disappointing because it is humongous (and weird because it was packed well so not sure how it would have chipped in the shipping process) and was a great price but now I have to send it back because it just looks horrible
I got it with the attachment part on glass lid missing
It quite grating cheese after about 20 uses
I've purchased two frothers and each one has died on me within 6 months
I am very disappointed with this product, some os the decals stick to the windows but most do not
This is not stainless steel; it is magnetic.
1 for the price of 6. Frustrating as I didn't notice it was only 1 plate. This product is normally being sold in packs of 6s.
I ordered two sets for a party, in the process of transporting these to the party and setting up about a third of the glasses got cracks in them (with no rough handling)
The bottles arrived with heat-shrink covers already shrunk due to heat while shipping. How can we remedy this immediately?? Can we get more shrink wraps without them being heat damaged?
I am truly shocked that All-Clad has put their name on this product as their pots and pans are of excellent quality. The lids do not properly match the ceramic inserts which allows for heat to escape during the cooking process. The result is that food may not be cooked as expected. This situation occurred with the original order and also replacement order. Shame on me for not reading reviews before purchasing or I would have known about the potential problem.
This is the first time I've been disappointed by purchasing from Amazon. The product was melted and I was not able to use it for my event
Over half of the lids are damaged or warped in some way. The ones that aren't either don't match the size of the cups sent or they are just incredibly flimsy and won't get on the cup. I've had multiple people try to place the lid on the cups and it's a nightmare. No one has succeeded. Want my money back. This product is garbage.
The magnet fell off the first time I used it. Apparently the glue used to hold the magnet isn't water proof? In other words, it was a waste of money.
Difficult to use..better to buy new magna lock lid
When I opened the Amazon box, 3 of the 4 lids were cracked and therefore useless. Could be a quality issue, an incorrect packaging issue or both. Extremely disappointed.
Wouldn't even turn on and unfortunately I didn't test it before traveling. Through it away as it was a waste to even bring it back in my suitcase
I did not care for the product as it had an awful smell to it like rubbery smell. I gave it away
I have had this pot for a little more than a year and after five uses it has sprung a leak.
Do not buy this got stuck on my bottle and I could not get it off had to break the bottle using a wrench just to return it
Handle broke off after one use.
Pretty much hairless. The rubber is too flimsy and the Roy d molds aren't working due to the two made parts don't snap in. Allowing water to spill out the side before the ball fills up. Save the money. Will be retrieving a refund
Very poor quality and inconvenient
Was not 4” wide. Actually 3 1/2 inches wide. Returned because did not fit the items I planned to fit inside.
DO NOT BUY! My photo shows a setting of 2.5 out of a max 7 power and look how crunchy the bagel is. It tastes burnt. Notice the uneven roasting as each bagel half has one side very white. The power is also very high. We burn our bread toast on anything higher than 3.5 out of 7 and bagels burn anything higher than 2.5. What this also does is it just toasts the outside and the heat doesnt penetrate the entire bagel or bread piece so when you put butter on it, the butter barely melts. I have to choose between eating a warm bagel with solid butter, or a cold bagel with melted butter. I chose option 3: getting a new toaster. I wouldn't even consider donating this toaster to Goodwill.
The set is beautiful, unfortunately a few pieces were broken and I'm stuck with an incomplete set.
My parents (who they were bought for) had a really hard time snapping the lids closed. My dad pushed too hard, the container shattered and cut his hand terribly. I've bought different brands on amazon that are much higher quality and easier to use.
The item only worked for one month now when ever we grind the material, smoky smell come out The short circuit smell so we discontinued the use.
This iron was just kinda thrown in the packaging. And...the water resevoir had water in it! Seems like 2 other customers had the same issue with this iron. All of us within the last week. I have never, ever received a "used" item in all the years I have been buying from Amazon! I am insulted by this company to think they can pass a used iron on to me when I clearly bought a new item!! Never mind the inconvenience of me having to rebox it up and drive to the local UPS to send it out! Your quality control and customer service need a serious overhaul !!
This is the 3rd Brita I've had that shattered--easily, and within months of using it. First two, I don't even know how they developed cracks. Maybe by roughly putting into the fridge? They just appeared. This time, I knocked it off the counter, my bad, and it immediately developed huge split down the side. I will say, Brita replaced my product twice, but I've just had it at this point. I've seen other brands that filter things Brita does not (like lead) and have shatterproof pitchers--taking my business elsewhere at this point. If accidents happen in your house (and we are just two adults, no kids)--this pitcher will not stand the test of time. Again, my first two developed cracks without a fall--so I'll leave it at that.
This is not an outdoor mat, we'll not if it rains where you live. It basically acts like a sponge and makes the surface more wet than it would be without the mat. If it doesn't rain where you live or if it's under an awning then you may love this mat. It's durable and easy to clean, but it's pretty thin as well.
So hard to open! Drives me nuts!
Worked two times then started leaking and would not maintain a seal. Returned it.
Asked for a refund and received it.
This came broken. The. Light did not work. Not worth buying.
I ordered red, wanted the red ones, and received a multi-color pack. Disappointing.
The product is much smaller than expected based on the picture they show. Wife purchased this and it's possible they have the dimensions on the details and that could've avoided this purchase. It was a good learning experience for her, don't recommend this product cause will not protect most of your backsplash
Horrible product! This holder is too small for a standard size paper towel roll, plus it's not stiff enough. Paper roll slides out of the holder every time you try to get a towel.
I dislike this product because. It is so thin I may as well just lay towels on the floor.
I bought this for my son as Christmas present. He has attempted several times now to make ice cream after following the directions but ingredients simply will not freeze. Very disappointing.
The instructions could definitely be more clear for the pesticide and lead testing. For those that have yet to test your water, make sure you fill the pipet up completely twice and don't use just two drops. I made that mistake (in my opinion based on faulty instructions) and the test could not be measured. Now I'd have to buy a whole new kit just to test for those two things again.
First off, this is a refurbished product! I thought I was buying a new product. Second, IT DOESN'T WORK. Even though the lid is properly secured onto the pitcher, the pitcher is properly seated on the base, and the base is properly plugged in, NOTHING. A waste of time and money.
Product does not work as advertised. Took over 2 hours to thaw hamburger patties.
I ordered 30 and they sent 00. Losers
It worked one month only
I've been using these straws since 2016 and have been very satisfied. However, I noticed an odd odor in my latest order. It smells like laundry soap and affects the taste of what you are drinking. Not happy with them this time.
I received a used product. I think they sent me an order that was previously returned. Product had fingerprints, and the inside smelled of bad water. The strainer was also stained. I am incredibly shocked, disappointed and disgusted. I requested a return immediately after receiving the product.
Worked for a few months then broke wouldn't recommend this product
Holder Already broke
I ordered this bachelorette photo booth props but recieced Valentine's props instead. No time to return before the bachelorette party. Very disappointed
I like the look of this bottle, but it leaks no matter what I do. I have changed filter as required intervals I have checked little air flapper inside and clean daily. Water just keeps oozing out of the straw and all over my desk and paperwork. Design is flawed
Sent back due to cracked plastic.
Kid didn't screw on well, didn't seal, and lid broke first use. Garbage.
Absolutely not happy. Just opened this box, 2 bottle are missing, your selling 24 bottles, but I only received 22. Three bottle tops are broken and all the seals are missing. This is for my business and I count on quality products, this unfortunately was not the case today.
Very cheap product, and. It was broken in first use
I just received the package not even two minutes ago I opened it and it came shattered and pieces
I think I received a used item. I opened the item on Nov. 8 to use for my daughters birthday. I should have open it on the day that I receive so that I can return it but I was too busy. It has a lot of scratches. I saw a similar item at Sam's Club that's way affordable and NEW. I regretted buying this item.
DO NOT BUY. Made one pass and the unit broke. In addition to that, the book box was open. Unit seemed used! After using, I can quantify my accusations. RUN RUN RUN... Don't buy this...
Disappointed it is like a place mate. Some cutting board. It is as thick as a piece of paper. Save your money
What I dislike about this product was that just after a year of having it went to use it one day and it started smoking so I unplugged it checked it out make sure it wasn't wet or anything try to use it the next day started smoking again I was done I threw it away I was actually disappointed because I only had it for a year so that was not a good Buy to me
Split after only a few months, even with oil applications
Cheap made, wouldn't buy it for free.
I purchased this to use in my RV to keep the bananas of the counter top. Sad to say, but when I went to add new fruit the holding string broke and in the garbage it went. Reallt cute but flimsy.
This pitcher is not usable as others noted you can NOT pour without the liquid spilling design flaw!
Upon opening box and looking at this rug, I had to send it back. It's ugly. Seriously.
My item came broken Shattered.
First of all, this mug is wayyy over priced. When trying to return item, not opened and unused, they are charging me an additional $12 just for UPS to pick it up. UPS comes to my building every day. This is the first time I've ever had an issue with returning an item and to be charged so much at that. I found this same mug at Target for $9. Bogus company with ridiculous prices. I will never buy from them on amazon again.
50 is a lot and sounds like a good deal but it takes forever just to pull them apart from one another. Way to cheap. Should have known by the price.
I bought 2 of these and extra cups for our trip to europe. I didn't use them until our trip. I went to use the coffee pot and heard a fumble for about 2 seconds then nothing. I carried this thing around in my suitcase for the next 16 days so I could return it when I got back. So, I'm back and because I planned ahead for a trip of a lifetime i couldn't return it. So I am stuck with disposing it after dragging it around as a nuisance and it 30+ dollars.
Not very pleased with this item - the metal feels cheap - the cord orientation is reverse of what it should be - normal size bread does not fit well top to To bottom -the decals on the buttons wore off within a month would not recommend - do yourself the favor and spend a little more for one that you will be happy with
you have to remove the lid by pulling on the percolator top, the top eventually pops right off and cannot be placed back. I've had to return 2 of these pots. the return policy is terrific though!
Not sure if this product is supposed to retain scratches from your knife but it does. I don't know how long these mats will last but I was pretty disappointed that after using the mats once they were all scratched up.
DO NOT ORDER this mug tree! Our original order arrived with multiple broken arms, so we ordered a replacement...which also arrived with broken arms!
Wanted to use it to blend food on the for my baby. However, it didn't even work. I followed instructions and the light turned on while charging but other than that it didn't even blend. Waste of my money! The color of the cup lid doesn't even match the picture shown above which was a disappointment right away. Picture is hard to tell but the lid is a light blue and the blender is a mint green which was what I liked.
Did not fit my spin mop at all.
The steel used in the screw is apparently not very strong. After about three or four month use, the screw is straightening out, so much so it will no longer fold up.
Well I ordered a fine porcelain casserole dish and received a cheap plastic-like baking pan . I didn't even bother to open bubble wrap . Wrong item shipped or misleading item description. Either way unhappy with the purchase and quality of item shipped .
I purchased this to color buttercream frosting and i used the ENTIRE BOTTLE and it didn't even begin to tint it. I have never had this happen so I guess this just isn't made for frosting 🤷🏼‍♀️
Basically the water must be right above the drain opening for the bottom surface mat to be water free. Not a good design, since there will be drippage and puddles all over the bottom surface mat that has no way of making it to the center hole and to go down the spout. This will be going back!
It's a piece of crap. I already threw it away
I wish I had read the reviews for these timers before purchasing. The battery was already dead in one of them when they arrived. They do not turn off so you have to take the batteries out after each use. Spend a couple extra dollars and purchase some that turn off and actually have a stand on the back of them.
I was so excited to order this, and was disappointed when the pizza knife was missing. I can deal with the knifes being a little scratched and not 100% perfect, but I'd like the knife that was missing from the set to be sent to me.
I had this item for 2 days and used it once and it's already cracked in a few places. Very unsatisfied with this
The sandwich tasted like a slimy mess. I returned it
Did not work! No returns!
The arm cam smashed off. This was supposed to be a Christmas present that I now cannot give
This is supposed to keep minerals from settling on the bottom of your electric tea kettle and the minerals are supposed to collect on this little wire ball. I really wanted it to work because I can't stand seeing minerals collecting. It just seems nasty. Guess I'll keep cleaning with vinegar because this doesn't work.
This product did not fit my ninja duo.
Very disappointed with this purchase. The dish rack literally was falling apart. The glue had come undone as well as whatever else was holding it together in several places. The package did not appear damaged. I attempted to fix it but it was too much so I bought the same rack at bed bath and beyond, which is much sturdy better put together. Returning item.
I do not like the opener. It is difficult to use. It does not center on the cork hardly at all and the handles are too loose.
This knife is slightly warped so will not cut a straight piece of bread. It also came with nicks on the blade. I would return it but I'm just not that organized. I'm really disappointed. It is not a good product.
Does not work don't buy
Big waste. Unless you just want a little cup.
Pan arrived bent. Box and packing had no damage so it must have been packaged that way.
Super small, can't really cut small russet potatoes with in this thing u have to cut the potatoes in half . Dose not fit my need at all buy the more expensive commercial brand It a be worth while
Missing parts. Luckily my local brew shop had them!
Plugged in and tried to use for the first time and no water comes out of the machine!! Piece of crap!
I bought this 1 month ago and used it to mixed my bullet coffee. The rod fell out and will not go back in, It was nice when it worked. I suggest spending the money for one that actually is going to last you a long time. I am not gonna buy a new milk frother each month.. DONT BUY THIS
so freaking tiny, they are too small for my cup holders
Received Product with scratches on the lid.
Product was broken. Did not make the ice cream. I followed the instructions and it didn't work. Very upset.
Doesn't sharpen as I expected.
Light stopped working within a couple of uses, the light became so faint, doesn't work with the charger or new batteries. Disappointed.
Item didn't have one piece of bubble wrap or anything to cushion the canister. Very disappointed in the poor customer service
The bags are tightly sealed. You have to peel them apart, using some strength, yet being gentle at the same time. The two large bags were easier, but the two smaller bags ripped and are unable to be used. Including instructions may have been helpful. I have not had this problem with other brands.
Make my coffee taste diff
Well obviously this was used the whole bottom was scratched and the glasses were coated with something someone didn't clean off. Nasty and disappointed
I buy many items on Amazon. This is the first time I am disappointed in the quality of the product. These are very cheap and thin. They remind me of throwaway glasses you get to use at large family functions. I would never recommend this item to anyone. I would have rather purchased disposable plastic cups.
Barely worked with a k-cup. Coffee was very weak. I've had other brands in the past and they produce much better and stronger tasting coffee. I would not recommend this.
Doesnt work, waste of money.
I've tried multiple blades for the last week and no matter what I try to chop the device only squishes them. The only thing that works at all is cucumber and I have to slice that up in small sections for it work. Definitely not a purchase I would make again.
There is nothing about this cup that is insulated. Purchased these to serve hot cocoa in for Christmas and the exterior of the cup was scalding hot.
Hello! This item was returned because the courier couldn't find my address. And today I don't have refunds about this item. Please contact me
Not strong to open anything
Did not fit my 2.0. Was too tall, so I had it picked up for return. Over a month and a half later, still no refund.
Broke during the first use. The dial won't turn on the pot until I turn it to almost 75% and sometimes it just doesnt turn on at all. This is my first time to give a negative review on Amazon. You should give me a replacement.
Product arrived broken. Glass was cracked.
Only big enough for a sandwich and a piece of fruit. Cute but basically unusable if you want to pack a salad in a container big enough for a salad. Pretty disappointed.
Product not even a couple of months but it's already rusting inside. Product looks good but doesn't last. Too bad.
This was a gift for someone so I can't rate the product itself. However, the shipping was delayed three different times and took almost three weeks when it finally arrived. If this is the norm for this company then someone should be asking some questions.
Get stuck ALL the time. Would have preferred just One that works as it should.
Terrible, terrible product. No matter what size dumplings we put in it, it didn't crimp or seal the dumplings.
Nice mug, the reason for the review it's because when I open the package one of them was broken, if you buy something fragile they should put more protection or maybe a note in the box that says it's fragile,
The non-stick coating failed in three months on large fry pan, the smaller pan is failing now at 4 months of usage, I'm not happy about this as the coating should last a long time
First use the enamel finish chipped off in a large piece.
I was hopeful... I have used aftermarket inks in my printer with mixed results. The Black cartridge was the worse I have seen by far. Very dull and faded. Has now started to clog my printer nozzle. As I mentioned, I have used lots of aftermarket ink and could deal with faded blacks but the clogged nozzle is a deal breaker. You should definitely look elsewhere for ink!
Every time the item was shipped it was broken and shattered and reordered another time and same thing
Loved these, gave them to my son until he washed them and all the lettering came off! :(
After a few wash it's no good
I got this and it did not work so it sits on the corner, you will be unhappy with this. I went and got the egg lets and they are great.
I ordered replacement plates because OG were scratched too much.
I brought this product April 2018 and in less than a yr the motor stopped working .it was not overloaded .i waited few min and thinking it could be load issue took half of the contents from the jar out flipped the overload button and still not working. So have sent complaints to ultra and amazon .waiting to hear from them
3 of the glass jars were smashed into pieces because there was no sort of protection or bubble wrap? Just thin cardboard to separate the jars? Had glass from the box all over kitchen floor from opening and in my foot... very upset w product
Was not the name I ordered, correct name on order paper but not on the cup! Super upset as this was suppose to be a Christmas present!!!
The lids were not even the right size.
I got the burner cover but the oil sprayer was missing. Don't know how to report it.
Absolute junk. Must find narrow 'sweet spot' for them to cut anything.
I ordered 3 and only received 1 pair of scissors.
I liked the Spider-Man. I don't like the size and it doesn't seem likely that it would keep anything insulated.
I ordered these as a gift. First order arrived with shattered glasses, thought I'd try again, nope! Completely shattered again!
Broke the first time I used it! Cheap and hard to turn, then cracked and fell apart
While the spoons themselves are of a good quality, I purchased them because of their magnetic nesting feature. The magnets are so weak the spoons do not stay together. If all you need are measuring spoons go for it but know you are paying for an extra feature that does not function.
Silicone parts come out from the metal part, very easily.
This juicer cannot blend hard vegetables like ginger and celery the first day i used it it ran hot
I have purchased this product in the past and was very pleased with it, hence why I was inclined to purchase a second to match. What I received was not at all like my first, nor did it match item description and pictures. It is shorter, thinner, a completely different color, and the wording is painted on rather than raised. In the picture I included, the one I previously purchased is on the right, what I was expecting to get. Also. When I went to take the product box out of the amazon box it arrived in it fell out because the box was in such rough shape. Disappointing, I will definitely be returning.
You have to hold it just right in order for it to work.
I do not like this product. It does not provide enough carbonation to the water. I added a lot more than what the directions called for and it still was not enough. The water has a aftertaste to it and seems flat. I do not like it and they won't let me return it so do not buy it
Zero stars. Awful toxic smell. Left it outside to vent but didn't work. Don't want noxious fumes in my house so returned it the next day.
This company Amazon advertises on their website in inept of shipping glass products. After two times of receiving the shattered product Amazon customer service asks if I'd like another one! WTF?
I bought the items to bake many tarts...unfortunately, the silicone molds were too big, my recipe did not work on this size...I was not able to return the unused molds (i bought multiples of the same product) because the 30 days expired as I did not get to baking them right away...The mold are difficult to clean as well. I would not recommend this product to anyone-stick to traditional metal ones people! I still have a few of the molds that are unopened and if the company would have accepted those back or made a better return policy, I would have been a more satisfied customer...now I stuck with a bunch of molds that I don't need and can't do anything with. Thanks!
Came defective came with one missing.
Do not buy this. This product is absolutely terrible and dangerous. When you turn it on it starts smoking immediately. The knob on one side was pushed in too far and wouldn't properly turn, clearly broken. They're also incredibly difficult about returns and I'm having trouble even being able to return the defective item.
It worked the first time we used this product. Since then the coffee flows through at a trickle. It takes almost an hour to make a cup of coffee... and then the coffee tastes like water, this item is a piece of crap.
These were ridiculously priced . Sending them Back ! Very cheap.
This is junk. Used once and fell apart. Would give not stars if possible
When I received the piping bag, I was disappointed already. The box is open, and damaged. I tried contacting the seller, but no respond at all. First use of the piping bag, it burst and will never use again. Very disappointed!
I'm waiting theses itens to work tomorrow. I paid a delivery one day. And then they coming Broken. I'm too disappointed.
Cancel order, was going to take way too long for the Delivery, coming from India
I liked how they advertised, but it did not come anywhere near how they showed the egg would come out. They stuck to the silicone and the box had no instructions in regard how to avoid the egg sticking, Will try spraying the inside before putting the egg in with some oil. Very disappointed with the product.
Absolute waste of time, effort and money. Did not work on any of the surfaces in the bathroom even though they are smooth and are what the product spec recommends. I wouldn't recommend this product!
Not really impressed. Flimsy. We use it more for a strainer now.
Our oven is only about 6 months old the timer stopped working and now the oven is smoking like the thing is on fire. I bought this oven because I had the oven before when it was very expensive and exclusive only from the Wolfgang site it lasted me 3.5 years so when I searched for it again they were selling them a lot cheaper and now I know why 200$ less and the product only lasted 6 months
handle fell apart after about 4 uses i loved it till it broke. cheaply made
this product have 3 minutes difference x 1h
Item never arrived and seller will not return emails. It was ordered in April and its now mid June
There's only one in the package, not 12 like advertised
This rug arrived today and I was so excited as it is for my upcoming grand baby. When I opened it, I thought I had received the wrong item as it was so small and thin. Then I looked at the label and it says right on it "Hand Crafted in China". Don't be taken on this one.
Had what looked like dirt inside the packaging. Did not use them!
Started using these on 9/10 and by 9/27 they are already peeling. Super disappointing since they are not cheap!!
Hoped it'd be larger and able to actually grind bud
My dishes were covered in scratches and had a weird film on them. One of the plates looked like it had glue on it. Returning my set and won't be purchasing again.
I bought 2 of these 3 months ago. I'm the first week a tab broke off one of the lids. Today at school some how the box broke. I'm not thrilled about the lack of durability compared to the price of this item. I'll be going back lunchbox for my kiddos.
I got my Chef Kitchen Tool crock it was 💔 cracked so i called customer service the first fool gave me a hassle. Called back and they fixed everything . Thank u
Color and print are different and uglier than the pictures. Missing hooks. Kids very disappointed.
I've had this cup since Aug of this year, and it's got a flaw in it and leaks on the side of the cup. How can I send it back and get a refund?????
If I could give a zero I would. I wanted this so much only to be disappointed 💔 it leaked hot coffee all over . I was a bit angry sad and burnt by this product!
It was a scam, but amazon refunded my money with out any hassle
As with all the bad reviews, mine showed up broken. The largest bowl was shattered and 2 of the little ones were chipped. I didnt want to bother sending back so I threw the bad ones away and gave what was left to my daughter.
We didn't received out items :( we are very disapointed no one take care of us...
It didn't come with the parts promised, missing splash guard and 3 beaters
I tried it for EVERYTHING it was supposed to do!!!! And more, I didn't find it able to be used for ANYTHING!!!! I couldn't get it to froth ANYTHING! I'm not sure what the problem is, but it seems, to me, that it's TOO powerful.! All I can get it to do is spin almost half of whatever out of the container. I thought I had found the best thing for what it was supposed to do, instead, it is TOTALLY WORTHLESS for me.!
When I cleaned the pan I noticed scratches on the bottom. I had not seen it before I threw away all the packing material and the tags. It is very upsetting for me.
This arrives 4 days after your estimated date 👎🏽
Purchased to put tea in. Placed it into dishwasher and melted, never got to use it.. seemed nice though
I didn't not receive this product
I really loved these double-walled drink glasses when I first bought them, but after a few months, they stopped staying ice cold. I think the bubble in the bottom must have cracked when I put ice in the empty glass. Too fragile for the money. I lost money buying them because my Tervis plastic glasses I also bought are still ice cold.
Very disappointed!!!
Didn't fit and not as described yet it's not returnable.
Following directions and the popcorn burnt first time using. The bowl wash scorched and could not get smell out of bowl. Had to throw away.
Worked at first, but now won't even turn on. Got maybe two uses with it.
much smaller than expected.not big enough to make a family size meal.waist of money
This is the slowest waffle iron ever. Takes about 20 minutes for each set of 2 and they aren't even that dark. No adjustable settings.
I tried using this twice following all directions. All that happened was boiling water. Almost no water was dropped directly on the coffee. It all ran down the glass because the opening at the top was much larger than the internal components. I'm glad I bought another different metal one from another company as that one works perfectly. It's sad because I wanted this one so I could actually see how dark my coffee was getting while brewing.
Such a disappointment! This might work on carrots and zucchini, but you wont be able to peel apple, papaya or anything bigger. The cutting edge on this is pretty much inside and it hardly touches the surface when you try to peel. Don't buy!
The display pieces itself do not look clean at all. Not what I was expecting
Received the wrong mug!
Never got to use this. Glass was broke in multiple pieces straight out of the box.
Was excited to receive this just to open it out of the box and find it cracked and pieces broke off.
I ordered this a while back. The handle kept falling off and the blades wouldn't stay in. A pain to clean. I cut my losses and threw it away. I am still using my hand grater I bought at Walmart 8 years ago.
Its not good for me.
Be careful when buying this product. I bought two. The first one was cracked when arrived regular mail USPS and the second one USPS tossed the box in my front porch, shattering the entire bowl that was supposed to replace the first one that was cracked. The packaging is horrible and it will brake easily in transit. It does not say to handle with care or this package contains fragile product. Save your money and do not buy this product.
Broken after two times it has been used. Not reccomend it.
this product is not up to par. used it for a month, broke, seller did send another one, but used it for a month, and it broke as well. now seller won't send me another.
I bought this set while Our kitchen remodel was going on. I just hand washed them this week, amd the lids are impossible to get on correctly. They are just a hair too small. Unfortunately the window to return them passed before I opened them, so I'm stuck with them.
My husband wanted this..I wasn't sold. It's just much easier to use a cutting board.
Were mailed in a mailing envelope. 2 of the 3 aerosol chambers were crushed upon arrival.
I paid extra to get actual Ninja brand cups - but then went to use them and discovered that my Ninja uses a cup with 3 prongs to connect to the blend base and these have 4. By then it was too late to return them. So I guess I have extra plastic tumblers now...
I am really disappointed with this product. I got this on Tuesday, used it once just fine. On second use (see photos) it broke. It is very cheaply made with a plastic hinge. I will continue to use my pair of pliers in my tool box.
Quality is not great. Not what I expected.
Worst product ever. They are so flimsy. Couldn't hold mixture
My original review was not posted. Received a damaged product was unable to tell if it worked returned. Will update once a received a replacement.
This food processor might be one of the worst designed kitchen appliances I've ever used. Spend the extra money and get a good one. I'm not going to waste time going into detail. Its a crap product.
Very light weight purchased two of them to stack up sucks drawer sticks have coffee pot on top and they still slide
I still haven't received my items and I ordered this back in December 2017 for my friend's Christmas present. I've contacted the merchant but I haven't gotten a response.
For one I thought this was gold and it's just plain wood no finish on it or anything. For two it came broken in the mail since they sent it in a freakin bubble mailer. Would not recommend!
At first sight this product looks good an neat, but once you start using it on your original Nutribullet, things will be the opposite. All liquids will spill out of the container while the machine is in. It's a headache since I have to clean the counter and the Nutribullet after using this product. It took me so long to realized that I should return it, but now it's too late. I will get the original parts now.
Taste terrible very difficult to use
Did not receive what I ordered. Got a light bulb instead. Ripped off. No return.
lots of dirt out of filter comes out after pouring the water into the pitcher( the dirts are scattered from top to bottom). Not safe to drink the water into a cup as the black dirts are seen.
This says it is supposed to fit a 12 1/4 inch pan, but it is only 12" and did not fit my pan. It was a 1/4" short. It was a nice quality lid, I was disappointed it did not fit. I wish I could find a lid that would fit just inside of the pan if it doesn't fit on the top - but so far - no such luck.
Worst purchase ever. Loved the idea of a stainless steel sports bottle with ph filter and straw. Just what I was looking for for the gym so I purchased 3 for Christmas. Within a week could not get any water using the straw so sent back for replacement. 2nd one broke within a couple of weeks with same issue. Sent back for replacement hoping we were just unlucky. Third one broke after the 1st replacement arrived. Got fed up and returned all 3. Unfortunately the 2nd replacement arrived and lost energy to return. Now sitting in unopened box in guest room.
It opens some cans fine -- others, it creates these great metal shards that are to see, but cut your fingers. It works if the size of the can rim is fits it...if not, metal shards and cut fingers.
I was pleased with the look of these upon arrival but one of the glasses cracked after one use. Very disappointed and would not recommend.
We were so happy with this pot using it to make a curried soup. When I went to wash it I noticed the coating was flaking at the top edges. So bummed, it seemed like a good pot from a quality manufacturer.
They look nice but one arrived broken. I don't want a refund I just want a replacement.
The lid came broken. Not even temperature throughout.
it is quite durable looking but the colors were is a little dull and did not look as classy as the images.
Unfortunately this rice cooker broke after only a few uses.
The pour spout seems to have some secret means to drip everywhere regardless of how careful I am. I have an older version of this 2-cup measuring cup that does NOT drip like this. Otherwise nice enough.
The product is quite nice but the description lacked a size for the inner pot and that turned out to be not much larger than my 3 qt. double boiler.
Weren't as big as I thought
Lacked of functionality
Not such a fan of this mixer. Bought this to make cookies this Christmas season and it can barely get through some butter and flower. Very weak mixer
Looks like a neat little trailer but the product was cracked and needed extensive structural repairs. Appears it was dropped during or prior to shipment. Shame on you Amazon
I LOVE the cup, but the lid leaked from day 1 and you can't take the lid apart to wash it. They need to provide better lids.
I tried using the iron twice, and it leaked! Even on the high 'Cotton' setting, I wasn't able to steam the pillowcases: they were being soaked with water. It was returned. The hidden cord wrap was a feature that I liked for storage.
It's not very practical.
I bought my first two of these at Walmart for really competitive prices, lost one when I left it in a Tokyo Hotel. Couldn't find them anywhere over here so ordered these from Amazon, and had them shipped to my PO Box. I wish I hadn't of. First they are about an ounce or two smaller than the ones I bought at WalMart secondly, since one of them is defective, in a big unusable way, for just one useable one, it was really expensive. I do not reccomend that you get these from Amazon. I might be able to find a new flange for the one with the defective lid, but I am not sure how, or where, and sending them back from overseas seems a pretty big hassle. It leaks like a sieve. Totally unusable.
The salt shaker has 1 hole and the pepper has 3. So it takes FOREVER to salt your food.
Poor toaster. Would only toast on one side and could not get dark enough returned it. We did like the color however
Shelf came in warped and one of the arms was longer than the other. Also, one of the nuts keeps spinning on the arm. Went ahead and hung it anyway. Looks nice in design and color, just has the flaws I have mentioned.
The item arrived damaged so I returned it. The broom is easy to assemble and the quality looks fine but i did not order a replacement because the dust pan holder was not weighted, so it requires manual adjustment for opening and closing. Perhaps it was new but that was my deciding factor
I didn't like the cleaning process. Also, the smell of the plastics in all my food. Was disgusting no matter what did I cook.
It is not a good product. Some spices took time to grind. For example, Cummins took a lot of time at least 20 minutes to grind well.
Definitely disappointed in the spring form pan the coating came off after first use. The rest is good
It's a beautiful box but after three months, it's coming apart. I'm very disappointed.
Don"t like the fact that the cover chipped and it doesn't work now, not buying it every again, its a leave of crap, cover gets chipped can't be used anymore, dissapointed
The pancake batter gets all gunked up when trying to mix. Cleaning is at best hard. If you do buy this inferior product; please make your batter mix thinner than usual Also forget about adding blueberries to your mix. It will get stuck in the nozzle. Add your blueberries to the batter already cooking This maybe the worst item I've bought on amazon, and I've bought hundreds
burnt the first time we used it. maybe we did something wrong. we had to throw it out it smelt like burnt popcorn even after I tried to clean it.
I have bought these from another seller and they worked great! These not so much
I bought these for broccoli sprouts. Sure, they work well with jars, but they won't last long if the first batch of sprouts caused the mesh to rust. The quest for a quality non-plastic sprouting solution continues...
My girlfriend got for us each a lunchbox, same product just different colors. However, when i opened it, mine only comes with a spoon and the spoon is just a random spoon that they just threw it in and packed it. Its made in China i mean... just... have to be ready for some kind of shit right?
Very flimsy. Ice cube facets aren't nearly as sharp as pictures suggest.
Love these pots, but they have a short life span. Both Breville's have lasted about one year and they always break at the handle where it connects to the carafe. The carafe's are not replaceable, so for $200 you would expect them to have a better quality. It's too bad, because I really like the unit, but after replacing it twice for the same issue, I will have to look at a different brand.
The picture indicated some kind of glittery effect. Really it was just printed plastic with a mottled mustard pattern. Very unflattering. It was also an awkward size, too long for a regular table, too small for 2 tables put together. The front drop was good.
These are so difficult to clean. I ended up using most of them only once and tossing them because I didn't trust that they were coming clean. The cover is also tricky to get on/off.
This mixer has very little power. Tried it on mashed potatoes and it struggled.
The machine made great tincture. The machine stared leaking and overheating after 3 uses. Extreamly disappointed.
nothing spectacular about this
Is it worth it? Not sure with the price. Making sauerkraut the small pieces can easily float up around the edges of this if using in a canning jar, which kind of defeats the purpose. I ended up figuring out how to make it work using an intact cabbage leaf on top of the chopped cabbage, packed it down and put the weight on top. It works ok with this method.
Very thin stainless. I didn't realize how tiny these were - not the generous soup spoons I'm used to in Thai restaurants that I hoped I was getting. And the edges are sharp, not smooth. I've bought other Zebra stainless products that were phenomenal - durable, thick stainless, smoothly polished. These are more low-quality.
Did not come with the "permanent" mesh filter.
One of the bows plates was broken.
Much thinner than expected.
Not as great as my mr.coffee I brought from family dollar for 10 dollars. Problems: Top does not always open when pressing the button where you put the coffee in. Takes 10 mins for one cup of coffee No indication when the coffee is finished
Says it would stick out it on one afternoon and by morning it had fallen
One of the strainers broke after a couple uses
Slim cans fit great, however I'm pretty disappointed. It does not keep drinks cold anymore then a normal coozie. We are big yeti fans, I would definitely buy a yeti slim can coozie over Brumate. You can tell by the weight of the coozie itself it no where near yeti. It's very light weight.
Product was overpriced....especially when one considers only getting two cubes per freezing. Does not release cubes easily. Would not recommend.
they are not sturdy at all, when you open them they don't open straight!
The glasses are nice, but I was promised a book containing drink recipes, and I never received it.
Used 1 of the three for my daughter's graduation party. It worked well - the other two must have a hole in them because they would not hold the air....
Does not grind in an even fashion, nor does it catch the peppers with each twist. Sometimes you twist 5-10 times before it catches a pepper for grinding. The ground pepper is very course. Would not recommend this to anyone.
Doesn't work very well.
Can not clearly fine reason to purchase these again for any reason.....good concept, but poor quality product. Received these whisks three years ago and we use them once or twice a week. We hand wash these also and no measure of abuse can be identified during their use at home. We find the larger whisk to be too flimsy and smaller ones good enough. However, they all have experienced random loss of the silicon material from around the wires.....just small sections from the ends closest to the handles. We fine this particularly disappointing......especially not knowing where these pieces have ended up!
my husband bought this for his lunch. he put in hot food and by lunch time, the food was cool. did not keep the food hot. Also the containers are too small.
Two of the four have broken through the first wall. Not recommended. Other brand has a lifetime warranty. I wish I'd spent the money.
I returned it. The first batch burned and the burnt smell wouldn't wash out of the item. I couldn't store it in my cupboard without having that smell permeate.
First one arrived broken, ordered a replacement and it also arrived broken. Clearly not satisfied.
I assumed it would be identical to the stuff that came with my Nutribullet but, the threading is slightly different and so when intermixed with the factory stuff, the top leaks or is almost too hard to remove.
I deliver groceries and these are not holding up at all. The seam has split on several of the bags, just below the zipper. If it's for occasional use, they will probably hold up just fine.
This mat is softer than I'd like, my heels dig in whenever I stand on it and it makes me feel unstable. I use it in front of my sink and it keeps moving around on my bamboo floor and I keep tripping on the corners. I wouldn't buy it again.
It looks nice! Solid construction. However I wanted something easy and quick. You get any oil on it and it slips in your hand so you constantly have to wipe it off after each spray. Also, it is NOT ergonomic by any means. You have to really bunch your fingers and hold it at the top so your fingers don't slip and to depress the button - or you need long fingers. The button HURTS! Hard grooved plastic and a flat edge - that digs into your finger every time you press it. And since it's not aerosol, you need to press it a lot. It does not spray for me evenly at all - even on first use, I got maybe 2 full sprays, then it went right to a thin stream of oil, with intermittent spray. And when it does spray, it gets everywhere! Lands on the oven, lands on your hand, a lot in the air... will have to go back to a metal air pump spray.
Bought these to keep my new stove cleaner so that splatters would not get on the burners. They don't look the greatest, but they did cover the burner. These are thin and cheap and if you turn the wrong burner on, the paint on these will flame up in a short time. I threw mine in the trash. If I buy covers again, I will go back to the solid, heavy, enameled ones that are safer and look better.
Hard to use. Doesn't effectively cut the dough. Also doesn't come with instructions.
I could not get this to work properly. It was spewing out when I turned 2 liter upside down. Not sure if it's defective but I was disappointed in this product.
This product is NOT as easy to use as most the videos and advertisements would like you to believe. You MUST use two hands to put this on, and they do come in a variety of sizes. You can easily launch what you are trying to cover across your counter top if you are not careful. (I've done it!) The covers are not that easy to put on and must make sure that NO moisture/water is on what you are trying to cover! I do not recommend this product.
I don't know about the durability and sturdiness. The pans were pushed in on one side. They should have shipped in a box and not an envelope. Size why they are perfect for what I am going to use them for.
Received lunch box and the color is nice for a male. It was so flattened that I do not know how functional it will be. The zipper was very hard to line up to close. Disappointed in the quality.
Very cheaply made, would have been better off getting them at the dollar store and cannot return them because they are an add-on item.
You get what you pay for. It works, BUT I have major concern with the kind of metal used in the filter holder. First, the shiny finish disappeared after a few washes. Then, the material that is made of started showing some type of dark corrosion that came off when I tried to wipe it clean. This so to speak, stuff, was dark and had a strange smell. This made me smell the holder at the tip end, and it had a strange smell that I could not figure out what it was. I don't know what kind of metal this holder is made of, but that's enough for me. I will not use this again. I will have to spend the money and get something with a brand name that I can trust. You hear all the time how people have been poisoned over the years by using cheap metal pots. Well, I am not taking any chances.
This is rather a low quality product. I kept it dry religiously, but it split big time in a couple of months. It also bowed out and curved, so I can't cut through veggies all the way.
first uses was not happy that the oil sprayed out in straight stream. Would prefer a spray, not a stream.
They work great for holding eggs but the lid does not stay closed so I have to keep it closed with a rubber band. Also, there is no airflow so the eggs will start to grow mold after a couple weeks so I drilled holes in them and it seems to have worked. Personally I wouldn't buy them again or recommend them.
Outside has burn marks on it from gas stove. Dulls quickly. And handle gets very hot if you plan on boiling water. Wouldn't buy again.
3 of the magnets seem decent, but one won't stay on my fridge at all because the magnet is so weak. Very cute magnets, just wish the magnets were stronger. Very pricey for the quality.
Looks: Awesome! Build: Great! Good materials and workmanship. Usability: LIQUID STORAGE: Terrible hot liquid storage. I brew my coffee in the morning and after 8 hours, it is tepid. Sure, it says "keeps hot for 7 hours". But I have a cheaper $10 unit previous to this purchase that would keep it warmer for 8 hours. I expected more from this seeing that it's a bit more pricey. SEALING LID: NICE that it can be disassembled for thorough washing. BAD because Close/Open indicators are hard to read (grayish silver against black). Also hard to see if it is open or close because the movable closing mechanism inside is same color as lid. If you don't have your glasses to read the hard-to-read indicators, you have to make sure to tip it a bit to check if it's closed. GOOD LUCK pouring from this tumbler to another container because liquid dribbles down the side and onto your counter (or shoes). I do not recommend this for hot liquids. Can do cold drinks well if you're looking for one.
You can get equal quality at the dollar store for a lot less. This item ic clearly a second, as even the writing is upside down on it.
Thermal carafe is horrible when compared to my Cuisinart carafe. I even preheat with boiling water with little effect. Nice to look and a reasonable price point.
I must be drinking the wrong beer because any can I put in this thing, the ring won't screw on because it won't fit over the shoulder of the can. So, it's worthless to me.
I purchased 2 of these units. One to use with salt that I have no issues with and another for pepper which I've determined is unusable. I put fresh batteries in the unit but the thing refuses to crush the pepper beyond a piece or two before jamming and ceasing to grind. I then have to unclog it and hope that it works. I've tried replacing the batteries thinking maybe I had a bad set but it is no use. I'm not sure if I just got a defective unit or it's just not strong enough motor.
This bag is ok but the Velcro closure came off during the first use. It's not glued but sewn in and I can't sew it back without the thread showing on outside. Inside is spacious and insulation is just ok but the front pocket is kind of useless now and this was why I bought it.
There was no basket with this item
These are junk. Don't waste your money. Very, Very disappointed.
I ordered a 4 pack, they sent a 2-pack. Just be careful.
Thw foil was hard to use
Its ridiculously small
These knives are the perfect size, but they are only sharp on one side. They're too dull to cut anything other than strawberries and bananas.
it didnt fit my tumbler
Very light weight and as another buyer mentioned, the handles are thin, with sharp edges and not comfortable. These are made like the cheap pans at the big box stores. If they were less than $30 for the set I would say they might be a good buy since they do appear to have a decent coating and are about as solidly built as you can get for thin aluminium. Not what I expected and there is no way they will last more than a month in my kitchen, so I'm sending them back.
Ultra thin, lightweight and borderline flimsy. Material and size are more suitable as a pen-pencil holder or other small, lightweight items. Base is thin metal with no weight underneath so will likely tip and slide around easily. Returned. Worth a few more bucks to get something much better.
I put in 12 oz water and only about 5-6 oz come out then i press the button again and another ounce comes out.
The salt and pepper shakers look good, but the salt dumps out everytime you shake just a bit, too many holes in the top, and they are too big. i will continue my search...
This cup is a good idea, but it keeps resetting during use. The temperature must be reprogrammed each time that it resets.
I don't like it, my boyfriend use it not me
Holy cow this thing is loud!!!! I am 2 rooms away and can still hear it. It sounds like I have the vacuum cleaner going in the next room. I also had an issue setting the timer. It kept wanting to change the temperature. I reset it and was finally able to set the timer. The noise is getting on my last nerve! May have to return it for a dehydrator that is quieter. I can't attest as to the durability as this is the first time I have used it, but I would recommend you find something quieter.
The glasses were great! The ice molds were a let down. Only one of them held water and the other is essentially useless because it doesn't hold the seal and water seeps out only making 1/2 and ice ball. Pretty disappointed
Not as good of a quality as I thought I would be getting. I put painters tape around the edges because they were sharp and already had rust. It was also dented in some places.
It works as expected, but it's not a practical kitchen tool. Not worth the money.
I continue to hear so much about this from cast iron enthusiasts so I gave it a go to see what the hype was. Frankly, not really impressed for the cost and would recommend crisco over this every time in regards to overall seasoning ability. One small benefit is the smell is slightly better than that if other oils when seasoning cast iron but I don't think that outweighs the negatives.
It does not rotate as a Lazy Susan should. When I put spice bottles in it, it just slides on the shelf and does not rotate as a lazy susan should. Very disappointed in the product but too much of hassle to return them.
This is evidently my fault for not closely looking at the size of the pan. I saw it as an add on item and when a skillet is less than $4, not sure what I was expecting - but it really really wasn't this skillet. When I took it out of the box, I thought Amazon had made a mistake and sent me a Barbie skillet. I am sure it will be durable as I don't see that it has any use. It will be easy to clean as it will never need to be washed. Versatile - maybe as a heavy duty bug swatter.
I would not recommend this waffle maker for someone looking to add an appliance to their kitchen that will stand the test of time. The plates are hard to clean and the temperature/ readiness of the maker is somewhat inconsistent. The lid does not open far enough to stay open when when trying to get the waffle out of the maker. It does not come with a waffle spatula either, which would be very helpful. This appliance is college dorm quality at best.
These tend to not vacuum well after a few of them have been run through my Food Saver. The textured side tends to smooth out when put against the heat strip and then the machine won't vacuum the air out. Pay more and use the actual Food Saver bags.
Cheap, flimsy tops. 3/4 of them were dented, scratched.
I have used this shaker quite a few times after purchasing it. For the most part it does its job, but when shaking it to mix protein powder, the powder tends to clump in the deep ridges on the side. Depending on the type of powder you have, no amount of shaking will loosen it. Which in turn makes it harder to clean as well.
Despite being very well packaged, the screw that you mount the paper-towel rod on was visibly crooked so you couldn't thread the rod on it. We fixed it but the screw almost broke in the process. Screw not removable so if it would have broke, the item would be useless. Can't complain given the price, just warning others.
Too small for what I wanted them
Unfortunately one of the glasses was broken when they arrived. I'm very disappointed
It leaks! It fits the mug perfectly but the twist cover doesn't seal over the mouth part so liquid drips right out. I was very disappointed and am sending it back
Mismarked possibly. These were absolutely not jumbo, but I opened them so cannot return.
Ice is hard to get out.
I've only been using this for 2 weeks and the lid mechanism already broke... pretty disappointed with this...
Cute item - unfortunately this arrived all bent from the box. They should have shipped in a larger box rather than jamming into a box a hair too small. If it were on a heavier stock paper, perhaps it would not have creased up. Wound up throwing it out.
Cheaply made - sorry I bought them
Only came with 1 curtain instead of the 2 like it was listed.
Got this to keep track of how much I practice. Worked very well and loved it at first. However, it appears to be broken now. I've tested it multiple times. It is suddenly twice as fast as a normal clock so if you set a minute on both, by the time the timer is done, my phone timer still has 30 seconds left. Loved using it but it is pretty much worthless if it can't properly keep track of time.
doesn't seem very air tight
Was not happy with the ragged edges. We collect Disney things. We love amazon this was not quality. Sadly. We were not happy.
It is not sturdy enough to carry any dishes with weight. Tried carrying 8 crystal glasses which are not very heavy on it and the tray began to collapse on me.
These are obviously spray-painted with a not very attractive, grayish greenish antique gold. Not gold or brass in color as described. Purchased for a wedding - color clashes with everything.
I had to return this because it didn't fit correctly. Had to use with the extender ring which I don't have because my original dome was taller than this one.
It's ok. But I don't like the fact that it starts to rust right away. It takes a while to get it hot enough to start cooking.
Didn't fit my Yeti. It was loose.
This is a very cute & stylish sugar bowl and I loved the matching spoon, however, it had a major design flaw. The top is attached by small screws, due to use and lifting the top to get sugar, one of the screws was constantly getting loose & falling out. Maybe it was just my model, but it was a bummer, I'd always have to screw it back in with a small knife.
The product works as described. Just don't make my mistake by seeing a cheaper price, and skimming the fine print. This order cost us almost $60 due to the shipping. I thought it still had free shipping. We were wrong, and lost our dispute claim with our bank. Buyer beware.
Smaller than expected, easily chipped/broken.
My mom has a different model of this kettle, and it's lasted for quite a few years. I wanted to get something that she's familiar with. So, why not get the same brand, different model? Received the item today. Checked out the appliance and found out the lid doesn't function as well as it should. It pops open, but it doesn't open all the way? I checked and saw that there was an error with the lid. The wire seems to be bent out of shape. I guess this willl be a temporary kettle as I'll be shopping for a new one pretty soon.
Worked good for the first month, then it started making A lot of noise and starting smelling like burned plastic
I was looking for one that would fit under the coffee machine and read all the reviews and order it. It is 9 3/8 tall without lid and will not fit. I am not sure who was measuring this product and posting it, but there measurements are over 2 inches wrong. It looks like a good unit but not as advertised.
Sometimes burns the toast and the next time it won't toast enough- even if set on same setting. One side cooks more that the other... won't buy again.
Very light weight (which I don't like), though they cut well. Rusted in my dishwasher after washing them.
Thin metal. Received in 2 different colors. Large covers a bright red. Small covers deep red.
Jars are not dishwasher safe. The coating on the wire came off the first time I washed them. They definitely looked great and seemed to be airtight.
I loved this crock pot, but then the inside crock cracked after the second use and the return period has passed. Unfortunate.
Wanted light weight forks, but these are extremely light and somewhat rough.
Llike the mixer and the attachments however it does not snap onto the storage box. The back goes in correctly but the front of the plastic case isn't long enough to snap over the front. If you try to pick it up it all falls open.
Brittle plastic. Lids cracked within days of regular use, even though they were carefully handled and handwashed.
Does not work as advertised. Will definitely replace ASAP.
For the $ I guess they are ok. Looks cheap though. I may return and purchase a nice set.
So...bought this water bottle a few weeks ago and have been rinsing it with with water and soap. Last night I decided to put it in the dishwasher and...RIP to my new water bottle. Totally not dishwasher safe. A side was melted and the cap could no longer screw on. It was actually pretty good while it lasted, however. Just don't make the same mistake.
Temp. Not correct. Worked good the first month. After that, all down hill. Email company and all they wanted to do was jump thru hoops. I gave up then.
Working super slow, dry the food
I know this doesn't say its edible but it also doesn't say it not. FYI: this is a non edible powder. I was very disappointed that its made for food decorating but not actually to be eaten. I'm pretty sure that needs to be said somewhere in the product description here and not just on the website.
No seal to create an airtight container. It's wobbly, flimsy, and cheap. I was hoping it was an attractive and effective option but it's just decorative. Cannot recommend to anyone who wants to use it for actual fresh bread.
Worked good for about a year. However I had a similar experience to many other reviewers when I went to change the batteries for the first time. The battery compartment got stuck and was impossible to get apart without breaking. Only happened with the salt so I guess maybe some crystals got down in there. Design flaw. They worked good while they lasted but now will need to be replaced so going to look for a different brand.
I bought this one because I wanted a smaller rice cooker AND required a stainless inner pot. It was a significant disappointment. First, although the stainless insert is actually pretty good, it's a bit of a stretch to say it can take 3 cups of uncooked rice. 2 is about the true maximum. OIt doesn't cook all that well either compared to the one this was purchased to replace. Second, the whole outer unit is no better than those ultra-cheap ones which show up at discount stores around Christmas for 8 bucks--definitely not of a quality matching the fairly-high by comparison asking price. I also bought the steamer basket and that is extremely cheaply made. Very thin metal and junky plastic handles--not even close to the quality of the stainless insert pot in the cooker itself. Feels like a dollar-store level item. I gave it 2 stars because it does cook rice...so it does the job (not all that well). However, this isn't anywhere near worth the asking price when compared to other offerings available. Keep looking--you can do far better for the same money.
This product is not the typical coupe glass that most bars use. This is, in fact, quite a bit larger. There is always room left over in the glass when I make a standard cocktail. The photos for this item are misleading because there is no scale. I would not have purchased these if I knew that they were this large.
Please see the pictures above. The burrs on the fluid post were there, right out of the bag. If the Weekend Brewer had a QC department, this post wouldn't have been shipped. But you get what you pay for? Maybe? I should have know? The other post, springs and seals were all fine.
Much thinner than what I was expecting.
Cute idea but disappointed when i received the product and the coasters were cheap and tiny for the price! It was a stocking stuffer so I kept them anyway.
This was great at first but then after the 4th or 5th time using it with a zucchini the suction was not good and I had to push on the handle to get it to shred and then the handle broke off and I nearly sliced my finger off. Since I was using my hand to stabilize it (since the suction wasn't working) my hand slipped when the handle broke. I immediately threw it out with all the replacement parts as well. I guess it works if the handle doesn't break and you have great suction (I have granite). Use with caution!
To be honest, I prefer the old Brita pitchers. This fill fast, but pours slow because the filtering happens when you pour, not when you fill. I use it but also still mostly rely on my old Brita pitcher. It looks nice though, if that makes a difference.
Only ordered these because of the purple glass, and that is of course the one that was cracked down the side upon arrival. Overall the glasses look nice, but are thin.
Very cute and perfect for what we needed but the adhesive tape they have on it does not hold. Fell off after a couple of days without us even using it yet.
Did not like quality
It was not what I meant to order, but you didn't have what I wanted.
Update: unit is not well made. Rim separated after 2-3 months use. I've had better luck with my Osaka; more expensive but worth it.
I have used these for royal icing and they seem fine, albeit super thin, but I used them for buttercream and the green logo began to come off onto my hand! It must be something to do with the fat in the buttercream that dissolves the green ink, but beware, if this had gotten onto my iced cake it would have been a disaster. Will not purchase again.
Works, but seems kind of cheap.
The first time I used it it broke
Quality is questionable. Received the coffee maker and when I removed the label from the unit there was rust showing on the metal already. Returned - not sure it'll hold up if rust directly from the factory.
Looks like a dream come true for pizza lovers but difficult to use and clean!
The jug leaks at the spout. If your not using a cold brew coffee i would recommend using a larger grain of coffee.
The coffee pot is great for keeping beverage warm, but the entire machine is rather flimsy.
The diameter of the follower is way smaller than the inside diameter of the mold and when you press the cheese the curd leaks on the gap forming a ring around the top of the cheese.
Its sharp but the but the damascus is so fake its a joke
Did not contain a tea infuser. Arrived with big gash in box. Braille from Amazon customer service was no help in replacing the missing item.
Only makes enough for one good size salad
too flimsy...sent them back along with Rachel Ray cookware set that was too small
Dislike that food stored in containers becomes somewhat wet. I would not recommend storing anything in these for longer than a day as it may mildew. If you are looking for containers to use in lunch totes this is probably a good option but do not recommend it for food storage at home. Won't buy again, definitely paid way too much.
This seems way to sharp for its purpose. I reached over for it and sliced my thumb all the way across. I did not like dem apples.
Took forever, didnt melt the chocolate, very disappointed.
Top doesn't close securely. Not very well made
Amazing pan for about 3 weeks, and then food began to stick just like the 5 year old pan I replaced this pan with. Followed the instructions on the pan. Never scraped the pan. Used a soft cloth to clean, waited for the pan to cool before rinsing with water. Frustrating experience and it feels incredibly wasteful to have to be shopping for a new pan after a month. For the record, purchased on Nov 8, 2018; posting this review Dec 21, 2018. Would not recommend this pan, unless this is a lemon experience. However, if you read reviews, this is not a one-off case.
I had the 50 year old version of this pot which was heavier and more well built; however, after purchasing a flat top range the pot would not sit well because of a bow in the bottom. So, I ordered a new pot. When it arrived I found a lighter less strongly built pot which warped upon the first use. I it will not sit properly on the flat top range. So, $50 later I am no better off than when I started.
Plates and cups were smaller than expected, and the cutlery was weak and bent when trying to use.
You have to be careful not to dump more gravy than you want while pouring. The tops hinge doesn't work very well.
I don't understand why this hasn't been designed with the larger wine bottles in mind! Like all else but half of the wines I've drank didn't fit ... urgh
I bought this can opener for my mother who has trouble opening cans due to a hand injury. This can opener does its job but it has a hard time opening cans, it sounds like the batteries are going to die even though they are brand new, it turns super slow and I almost think it sounds like it wants to break. Overall it's still kicking but I would have rather bought a old fashion plug in can opener.
When “they” arrived there was only one box with one in it but the sticker on the box placed over the upc stated 3 piece. I called and the gentleman told me to keep that one and they would send the right products. Showed up again the same exact way. Service rep 2 could not ship me another “one” to correct the issue but refunded a third of the original price. I really hope this issue with the mislabeling gets corrected
Didnt last long i only have 2 trays left that are not broken the plastic is not sturdy, i would not recoomend this
The milk isn't get hot
This was nice and light, great to hold, and was great for meat and candy melt temp checking!
After using these for a few weeks, I'm really disappointed. The black plastic has chipped/broken on 3 out of 10 so far.
Looks nice but when unboxed you can see it's a cheap... so cheap, that the first time when we put « hot » water for the tea, the glass just cracked.. If you are looking for something reliable, look for something else..
The hinges on the device do not allow the lid to close as it should. I was very upset about the construction.
doesnt work as well as stated.. the ice melts faster than expected
3 month update The bottle has become harder then it originally was so it will not work as intended and given its price you can order a brandname for cheaper now , they used to be 30$ but now cheaper than these ones and will have a softer bottle for sure Works well but bottle is a bit on the hard side - been using for a few months no issues , just be carful and dont over crank when filling and refilling compared to my brand bane flask that lasted 2 months before it came apart at seams —- this is a great buy just wish for a better and bigger bottle
does not work as advertised food still sticks to the pan and the surface scratches very easily. Not worth the money
Not recommended, Brita is the best choice
Not as easy to drink from as the other Contigo mugs I had, and does not keep not things not as long. It works very well with cold drinks, though.
Already owning one of these I knew the material isn't the sturdiest but I had ordered mine online and had no issues. The first glass I ordered arrived broken, which happens. It was supposed to be a gift so I returnd it and took a chance ordering a second one. The second one arrived completely shattered...along with my hopes of having the most perfect gift. Returning them was super easy though!
I purchased this scale to measure tea in amountS between 1.5-2.5 grams. Like others have noted the measurements are all over the place and do not settle.
These are nice looking, but don't actually create enough vacuum to keep nicely aged wines overnight.
This thing would be great but it has to sit just right to be straight. But even with it just right my pot won't seal. Steam leaks out the side and I've tried and tried and made sure everything else is clean and correct but every time I end up taking my food out of the steamer and putting it back in and then it seals right away. If they made it a little narrower and a little shorter so it sat inside instead of flush with the edge it'd be great.
Way too flexible. Hard to fill with water then move to the freezer with how flimsy they are. I also removed some ice cubes that had black on them that came off of the trays. I was thinking these would be easier then my regular plastic ice trays that kept cracking but these are sort of a hassle to use.
Great plates too bad some of the plates were off color with the correct ones on top
I received the bottles; unbroken with lids and seals but they were FILTHY. Thanks Amazon for the easy return policy!
Makes weak tea - I put herbal tea in this and I couldn't even taste it.
Missing parts. Mine didn't come with a check ball retainer. Not sure if it works without one since this is my first time putting one together. Would give it five stars but not all the pieces were in the kit
Doesn't fit the 12 inch pan.
Although smooth to the touch, these feel quite funky in the mouth. It's something others may not mind, but I did. I personally won't be purchasing again and going back to my regular silverware.
what more can i say. gave it to the dog to play with. he thought it #$%&* too
At this price, it's a light weight material stainless steel containers easily bend, no 18/8 or any mark (like dishwasher safe or not symbol ) at the bottom of each bowl. Also, after cleaning, the pipe edge has black oil residue,health hazards.
One of my mugs is still ok, the other cracked within the first month of use. I thought it wouldn't be a big deal, but the more I use it the more it looks like I'm going to have to toss it. You can find bigger and more sturdy mugs elsewhere.
just ordered. try to open two small cans of beans. I lock it on there and the first thing it does is fall off. It struggled to maintain the track and to open the cans. at one point it was not able to make any forward progress and I had to take it off and put on again many times. It did not lift the lid at the end. very disappointed. It worked the same as the $3 from the grocery store. I doubt it will last.
The wood is rather cheap for the value. Still a good gift.
during assemble broken piece of back panel...
Like other users, I could not get the white filter holder out for cleaning. As careful as I was, my attempts cracked it. I could still use it, but within days the white part of the handle fell off. Not very well made, for sure. And I still haven't been able to remove the filter part. As for filtering the water, it is great, as all Brita products have been for me. If I didn't have extra refills on hand I would replace this with another brand because of this pitcher!
The hardware included is not the correct size for this unit. When you screw it together the acorn nuts crack or separate because the screws are too long. You can leave the hardware loose but then the stand is wobbly. Nearly half of the acorn nuts cracked or separated on my unit during assembly.
Ordered for a graduation celebration. Left in packaging until event. Opened last night to find chipped pieces from the edges of several plates.
It keeps water cold and is easy to load. However, after 4-6 months the hot water stopped being hot. It is funny because I was always careful to turn it off at night when I left the office. I didn't want to burn out the hot water heater.... It is sitting next to a Keurig from which my patients and I can get hot water so I didn't send it back.
Coffee turns out watery.
Maybe it's just me.. It didn't work well for slicing up my salad.. Actually much easier and less cleanup just to use cutting board... It just moved veggies around and didn't cut them well..I have A VERY SHARP knife that I keep sharp... Just disappointed
Cup is perfect size. Great quality. 5 stars for the cup. Lid is useless. The flip top does not snap closed making the lid worthless. I ordered 2 of these and neither lid snaps and stays closed.
This product really met the mark when I first received it, however after washing the large plates in my dishwasher all 4 plates warped. I now have 6 month old plates that are imbalanced and need to be replaced... but this time with a competitor product.
Does not hold 8 quarts. Closer to 6.
This company stuck the contigo mug in the box and did not have any bubble wrap, just the mug inside the box. All the other companies I have bought products from have used bubble wrap to protect their products.. This company clearly does not care about what condition their products end up in when they reach their customers
Cute door mat but sheds like crazy.
Extremely difficult to remove brownies
Buy one with a compressor, instead of these ice-based units.
Way smaller than expected
Doesn't stay sharp, it's not a true Damascus, the more you sharpen the more the design goes away, wouldn't order again.
I got this after reading all the positive reviews. It worked great for two months, then it just quit working. I use this every single day. I got a replacement through Cuisinart, which was great, except I had to pay $44 to ship it back, and include a $10 check inside for them to ship ME the new one. When this "New" one dies, I will go with a Breville.
The waffles are not that good. Our previous waffle iron made light crispy waffles. These just can't compare. Otherwise works fine except no temperature control and it doesn't let you know when the waffle is done. We also don't like the double sided concept, the waffles don't cook even, one side is always lighter.
I guess I got impressed by the youtube. In reality not so special. The end that opens the flip tops is not wide enough to slip down far enough to pry up. A table knife does a better job.
Worked great for 10 months. Used about 2x per week. Now one of the clips that holds the piece that pushes the vegetables through the blades is broken. Also the little rubber stick on feet are coming off. I knew the weakest points were those clips. Surprised they lasted as long as they did.
I have had this product for only 5 months and have handled it with complete care - never put it in the dishwasher, never cleaned with harsh or abrasive soaps or clothes such as steel wool, and never used utensils, yet, the bottom of the pan is peeling in several spots and getting worse with every use. This should never happen with a pan of this caliber or price. Very disappointed.
not good enough seal for all fruits or vegetables enough to store yet another kitchen gadget.
Was disappointed with this product. Don't find it sturdy enough when removing items and it tips over. Might be better if it were braced/attached in some way to surface.
Specifically I ordered a blue set, with blue handled chopsticks, and a silver with blue trim carrying case...what arrived, was in a dark green/brown case, with brown trim, and inside were a set of coffee colored chopsticks....Nothing in the set was blue. Yet the sticker on the plastic sleeve the case was in certainly said BLUE....so something got messed up. I was going to return the item, but there is no longer a blue option from this company. So ill probably just keep these for someone else in my house....even though they are not what I actually ordered, just too much of a hassle to actually return, when I can't actually get the item I wanted to begin with.
The first tell tail signal that this was an inferior product, was while unpacking the box I noticed a number of the tubes and holders had cork remnants in the bottom of them. Not something you want to see in an item that has herbs and spices in them. Not sure my cooking would taste good with cork in them. Then the actual tubes are rather brittle. I have already cracked one while filling it. It slipped and fell on the floor and crack!, one test tube failed the test. Not an item I would recommend or buy as a gift.
It didn't came with the screw to put the handle on! Disappointed.
Stopped working with in days
Too cheap to hold the weight of a hamburger and so doubled up the plates. Still got soggy and started to bed and so tripled them. Not worth the bother. Disaster!
Arrived crumpled, not a very substantial or interesting prop.
They are cute, but very thin and cheap quality.
It was great until the lid broke !
I was extremely misled by the fact it said that it had cooking times for 30 minutes to 18 hours as this is why I had purchased it, for the flexibility. It got me today when my only choice was 4 or 6 hours and I needed 4.5 - 5. Plus, the price dropped within 10 days of purchase, but my emails were not answered. I would have definitely chosen a more flexible model if I would have known. :(
I am not happy with the color the Green was not what the picture showed online and it doesn't fit my Yeti? The price was good for someone who wanted that color and had a had bigger than a 20oz. I gave it to a friend. I wont be buying anymore of them.
It came with the price sticker still on it. The price sticker was for LESS than I paid on amazon... oooooh and this is plastic. Not worth the money
spilled when pouring the coffee. Maybe get the real thing next time.
This model is cheaply made and the glass is very thin. We broke it just be it being hit by the side of a fork... also doesn't retain heat well. We switched to stainless steel.
Being able to freeze the bag is a plus however not being able to open the lunch bag entirely makes it difficult to clean.
I have not received the mop heads yet.
Very hard to clean the inside since my hand doesn't fit. Also, the glass cracked and broke after 6 months of regular use. I didn't know it was possible to crack glass this thick. I didn't drop it or anything.
Not very powerful. Blends liquids good but anything harder like bananas or strawberries or peaches, it just gets stuck
While I really appreciated the fine mesh on this. After a couple months of semi regular use the spot welds that hold the arms on fell apart. Booo...
It's very pretty but the dish lid is not tall enough for a standard stick of grocery store butter. The lid rests on top of the butter resulting in the butter getting stuck to the lid.
Very excited for this till I got it to realize it's way to small for the amount I need to grind up.
I bought this little rice cooker back in July 2017. Worked great for a while. Loved being able to cook small amounts of rice just form my husband and I. Was perfect for cooking for two. However, after using it for maybe six or seven times in the 6 or so months that I have had it, it quit working. So I went back to look at the reviews on this product. I know that there a lot of reviews that are four and five stars. But in reading more of the two star reviews found that I have the same problem that most of these reviews mentioned, in that the cooker quit working after about two months or five or six times of using the product. the design may have some to do with why the cooker quits working. With mine the cooker seal did not keep the water from boiling over in to the chamber the rice pot sets in and therefore water gets into the heating element and more than likely shorts out this element. Just my guess.
These bowls are cute, but both of them cracked within the first week. I meant to return them, but I kept forgetting and missed the return period so now I'm stuck with them. Totally my fault.
Fell off in one day.
I'm not sure how it has so many great reviews, but I order both the 1.5 gal and 2 gal containers. Both have MANY air bubbles. The 1.5 gal, which I bought as New and sold by Amazon.com, has divots in the glass that are clearly from poor manufacturing. The 2 gal has noticeable scratches on the top of the lid. As other reviewers commented, the edge of the lid is sharp and I wouldn't trust kids using it.
This cookie cutters are tiny and hurt to use.
I loved my set when I received it. It matched perfectly in my kitchen. However, after only 3 times using it, the large dinner plate cracked after I put a piece of chicken on it and cut it. It was in the dishwasher before so I don't think heat was an issue. Very sad because now I'm down 1 dish to the set. It's unusable 😩
Fits my 2 1/2 inch ball mount perfectly, also available for the more common 2 inch square ball mounts. Part marketed to dampen vibration and reduce noise. It does neither in my experience. Also a *lot* of money for a wee bit of foam that one could sculpt in a minute with a pocketknife. Not recommended.
These are not versatile for anything, tried fitting a lid and took over a dozen times. I have a 6" glass bowl and the kids were either too tiny or too big. They do not stick to glass bowls well either.
Much smaller than the appear.
I got this as a gift for Christmas 2018. We already had a black one exactly like this. When we take both on trips, the black still has ice in it at the end of the day but the blue one only keeps it cold for a couple hours. Not sure why the difference but not very happy with the blue one. Since it was a gift I feel I should use it.
Good but the quality is so bad. Only has one setting. not really worth buying
This thing was great for like 2 weeks then it started leaking all over my crap when I put it in my bag. Definitely not leak proof and it's very uncomfortable and awkward to hold. They could have put some grip material on the sides or something. Already looking for a better tumbler.
Beautiful kettle & I wanted so badly to keep it, but there is a large piece of plastic surrounding the spout on the inside where it would sit in the hot/boiling water. I purchased a different kettle that is 100% stainless steel inside. Not cute like this one but safer.
I've been using this tenderizer for almost 5 months now. It initially worked great. As time went on, the tenderizer would get stuck in the down position, especially on thick cuts of meat. I was forced to constantly hold a butter knife in the other hand to force in between the blades and plastic platform, just to get the device to release the meat. This made the process difficult and time consuming. I finally gave up and bought another type.
This cane has been sold using many names. I watched many videos on this product and all reflect that is received in a nice storage bag and instructions on how to install the batteries. I purchased the can based on these videos. It arrived with no storage bag, and no instructions on how to install the 3 AAA batteries. Numerous attempts to install the batteries failed. False advertising.
The functionality of the machine is fine. You get what you expected when you paid $20 for a coffee maker; however, the carafe is terrible! I end up with more coffee on the counter than in my cup. Needless to say, I bought a replacement carafe.
I used it once. The second time I went to use it, it broke.
Pan is great but too much plastic packaging. Amazon please just use crumpled paper instead of these unrecyclable plastic pillows.
Cheap, lightweight plastic. You get what you pay for. The directions said to use 2 plastic washers for part of the top and the spigot, but only 1 was provided for each. Needless to say that it leaks. I also followed the instructions and ran water through it twice (even 3 times), yet the water still tastes chemical-y and leaves a bitter aftertaste. Will be returning.
Broken down the middle and shipped back
Don't like the smell of this pot and don't like having to take extra time and effort to clean it
The first year with this percolator delivered pot after pot of delicious, full bodied coffee. I adored the groaning, gurgling thing and cleaned it diligently every month to keep it, and me, performing at our best. Over the last few months, however, its performance slowly deteriorated. At first I thought it was maybe a bad batch of beans, but a quick french pressing showed the beans were roasty perfection. This morning was my last attempt. I gave it a vinegar, as well as a baking soda cleaning, and hoped I'd see it brew the way it used to do. But, no. The brew was pale, weak and bland., almost not worth drinking. Here's the thing: I don't think any small appliance should have such a short performance life, so I won't be repurchasing this make and model, in spite of our magical year and a half. Sad!
I see that the product photos mention an "upgrade" version with a side that drains, but I received the general one with no draining sides. Sure you could just dump the water frequently but when you almost always have a rack full of dishes it's hard. I've only owned this rack for five months and the top edge has started cracking and peeling off, revealing rust underneath. There's so many racks out there, I wish I had just spent more and gotten one of those.
Ordered two wigs for my children's " Dress like a clown day" at school. Ordered the same time. I got one on time like I was supposed to and the other cam a couple days later, AFTER the dress up day. Two excited kids + only one wig = disappointed kid and upset mom.
Not airtight. Loses vacuum after a while. Sometimes you can hear the air escaping.
I like the size and color of these cups. However, they are very heavily corrugated, which made them very difficult to separate. I also found the texture of the cups to be equivalent to 'nails on a chalk board'.
I wonder why no one mentioned how sharp the inside of handle is, my hand got cut when holding it.
I reviewed alot before i bought this one, i still regret . This is not worth it. Not recommended. As seen in the pictures, only 3 weeks used. I used it already So i am lazy to pack and return.
I bought this because it's red & easy to find in the kitchen drawer. Unfortunately it's just is not as functional as my old one that was lost in a move. (or maybe I was drunk) Too bad I don't remember the brand of the good one. Anyway.....I'm on the hunt for a better one. Just HAS to be red. I hope I can find one that works better than this one. Heck....I'd even pay more if it worked well.
Leaks from cup and cap. Have others that are great but bought two off amazon and they are horrible.
Needed to return and disappointed on the high return cost, so donated it.
I thought that it would be a great kitchen tool, but I really thought that it would have a sharp edge on it. I purchased it to chop vegetables, which I can't do. I thought about sharpening it, but it doesn't seem to be made of the type of steel that is used for knives. Oh well, at least I got a reduced price since I bought two of them....
While this is a very cute product to see via the intranet it has a very cheap feel to it. Do not put this in the dishwasher to clean. This must be hand washed. This is not durable and not worth the buy. The only positive thing I can say about it is if you are packing finger foods and no liquids then this is OK. But if there is any type of liquid don't bother because if you turn it over on its side it leaks everywhere
The dinner plates were too small and the color of tablecloths , plates and napkins were an orangish color not true red...could have bought better product elsewhere
Are use this product to grind coffee beans. I love the big capacity, but I do not like the static electricity that it creates so when you take the lid off the coffee flies everywhere.
The handle and style is cumbersome- does not actually work all that well. Wouldn't recommend spending the money. We have gone back to the old fashion knife!
Non-stick surface durability is average to poor. Temp maintenance is poor. Temp across overall surface is good to excellent.
This plastic on this product cracked and rendered the mill totally useless within 2 months (1 stick of butter was grated). The point of fault was the plastic rim surrounding the grating plate, when twisting the piece back on, it cracked along one of the anchor tabs meant to hold the plate in place. Overall this is a clever idea, but too shoddy to recommend to others.
This fell apart after two years. I kinda expected better from the Cuisinart brand.
Not a fan of the smell- worked though
Flimsy pull outs and the handle keeps falling off the compost bins. Disappointed for the price
More trouble than they are worth.
The product was highly inaccurate for my machine, it is not at usable, I am not at all happy with what I received
out all 4 of them the inside mug kept it copper sheen one did not completely discolored like a gray copper.
Very difficult to squeeze tea bag with this, plus hard to grab the bags from inside the tea pot. Also, smaller disc is wicked sharp--slit my thumb open while cleaning it.
Have not used yet. I'm sure it's adequate. If I had been made aware before agreeing to purchase, that the cost of shipping was more than half the cost of the item, I never would have ordered it. To a senior on a low fixed income, this was a great shock and has caused me to reconsider ever purchasing from Amazon again. Extremely disappointed!
They are great in size and also very pretty, however even though they are double walled, they still sweat ALOT. Can't leave it on a table or night stand without making rings. Hints the two stars.
I am disappointed not only because it is not made of stainless steel, the water tank has a crack, and the base which is for the mug is a little too small for a big mug. I would not recommend anyone to buy.
Cheap quality mine arrived broken. 2 stars only because I received a refund. The pot felt cheaply made.
I returned it the moment I opened it. It really look poorly made and cheap. The metal sheet is thin so they don't look smooth at all. Long story short there should be better options out there.
These canisters would be okay if it wasn't for the cheap plastic seal on the lid. Out of the box the plastic seal was already bent and curved. The plastic would crack over time. I am returning.
This item is not built to last. It worked fine for a year or two. The lines and numbers on the dial wore off after about 1 year of normal use, so after that it wasn't possible to know how hot I was setting the burner except by feel. After a little less than three years the unit simply stopped working. I plugged it in, turned in on, and no heat.
I love my 4 qt. pressure cooker, so I bought a larger one so I can seer larger pieces of meat, or quickly brown stew meat. I also thought I could heat the pan more quickly if could use my larger burner. The design of this pan is not good for either of those things. The pan is 10" wide at the bottom, which would have been great for a larger burner, but the bottom of the pan has two levels. There's a "bump" in the center of the bottom, so the part that touches the stove is only about 7 1/4". The "bump" is on the inside too, so it doesn't have a flat bottom on the inside either. I'm returning it.
These are cute, but pretty small and hard to close a large bag with them.
I'm still trying to figure out how it works. It is not easy to position the can so that the opener works.
Clip on outside of pan broke after 2nd use
Looks nice but the lids are very hard to work with, every time I have to figure a why how to open them also the hols on the container is too big and because of that the spices dry fast.
Though operation is good, there was a coil smell whenever used. So was worried of electric short circuit, dont use it frequently.
The glasses are nice however the way they are packed is shamefully my were broken at my door. Amazon was nice to refund me, who ever packs them should put that this box is fragile and center the cups with the air pockets around them to prevent breakage.
good looking product and would be great but the plastic, snap on lid won't snap on easily....won't snap on at all just now. i'm not going to bang it hard with my fist, it's plastic, but you can't pour with the lid loose so I have to take it off to pour. it does take my sarasota water from 325 grains to about 16 if I process it twice through the filter. NOT ZERO.
I wasn't successful using these implements. Maybe it's just me, but I couldn't get the slices rolls to come out of the apparatus whole
too flimsy. Handles bend with vigorous mixing/scraping
Loved the glass but after one wash in the dishwasher the print faded a lot and now looks old and dull. Not sure how many washes before it's gone completely.
Thin cheaper plastic. A few of the kids were cracked when I got it. These will not hold up past a few uses.
One of the squares melted on the edge which then set off my fire alarm in the kitchen from burning. Also, was harder to clean than my flat silicone one.
Tongs are well made and durable, but too big and bulky to use. They need to be a little smaller to easily retrieve things from the toaster. These are just too big.
I've had a lot of problems with these containers getting jammed shut. A bunch of them arrived jammed. I bought them for lip balm, and they work well for that when they work, but a bunch have also gotten jammed after I filled them with product. Sometimes if you can see that the lid is uneven you can bang on them and then they open, but there are some I have not yet figured out how to reopen, and the product I made is trapped inside...
Not at all what I expected. The bags were huge and I thought they were little gift bags for Christmas. Couldn't put any of my presence in them because they were way too big. Make sure you read the dimensions.
This is not a WOK which what I was looking for do I returned it.
This product isn't easy to clean in the cap. Liquid gets stuck in between the sliding opening part and the cap. Then when you close the sliding part it sprays liquid directly in your face or hot coffee :( not cool. Otherwise it's ok. Sturdy and good for use other then this defective design.
I would not recommend this for induction cooktop. Takes WAY TOO LONG to heat up and it is not recommended to turn up the heat on this either. It takes 3x longer to cook with this than other induction compatible pots/pans. Looks great otherwise.
These are nice cutting boards. They'd be even better if I could use them correctly. Because they arrived warped I have to use them upside down so the groove is facing down. I can stop use them, but not the way they're meant to be used. Rather disappointed.
This yogurt maker had worked well for 8 months, but it stopped working yesterday. I could not power it on.
I really needed a good machine and this was not it. Spend the money and purchase a better machine.
Definitely pay attention to the other reviews as I did not. They are really small.
Looks cheap and unremarkable.
This is way too hard to clean, for the amount of butter made.
I love Ninjas master prep blenders, and I use my 40 oz. bowl daily to make my breakfast smoothies. I prefer my smoothies to be thick and have some texture, rather than be total liquified, and the Ninja prep is perfect for this. HOWEVER....after using the system for about 3 years, I am on my third or fourth 40 oz. bowl. Why?? Because they consistently crack, and they crack mutiple times. Others have also mentioned this in their reviews. Obviously, the plastic used to make these cannot stand up to frozen ingredients, including ice. My last one had about 8 cracks...multiple fractures on the bottom and sides of the base through which contents would ooze out. So I began using my newest replacement bowl about 2 weeks ago. The second day I used it it cracked on the bottom. Yesterday, it again cracked on the bottom. It is a great disappointment, especially since Ninja is aware of this issue, but has done nothing to remedy it. A stronger grade of plastic? A glass bowl? If there was another company that made these bowls for the Ninja prep system, I would be first in line to try one. But alas, as before, I will probably have to order another from Amazon when this newest one develops too many cracks to use it safely.
the gum part is to small to be well usefull.
I bought this knife a few months ago because I was sick of sharpening my cheap $20 knife all the time. Unfortunately this knife requires just as much maintenance and dulls very quickly. I usually prepare one meal a day with the knife so it is not getting over used. It is also small and lightweight so it is limited there as well.
Adjustable but gets wet
Wanted them for ice cubes. Had to clip the toothpicks for them to fit as too long. Quality is not representative of the picture.
Bought bunch of these and some leak at seams./creases.
This Item I bought was not what I expected , it looks fake . Not much I can say
I wouldn't call it leak proof. It does it's job. It's a 5 star product. I can already tell I will have issues soon. I am worried about breaking them.
Half the lids didn't screw on easily at all. I'd opt for a non metal version. And the silicone? spill proof inserts began falling apart after a few uses. I did hand wash so dishwasher was not to blame. The straws however are nice and holding up well.
Did not perform as shown. Not as pretty in person.
Product is low quality and one of the bowls was broken. Not a way to get another bowl and only option looks like a refund but I have to send the whole set back? Disappointed to say the least.
The actual grinding mechanism seems great. It is very simple to use and makes perfect pepper. My problem is that the bottom wood section just decided to split and fall off. Hope my situation is unique! Makes a perfect product have a huge wart. There was no abuse to the mill that I know of. It's just my wife and me. One morning we walked by it and it was broken and falling off only a few months after purchase.
Measurement seemed off for what I was using it for. Otherwise, ok.
I ordered this as a new product, but the product arrived with marks around the bowl and no internal wrapping. I am keeping the product and complete a follow up review on the product after we make some ice cream.
These leak. I thought it was me at first, but nope. These definitely leak. The soft ring is in place, the lid is screwed tight, the flip top is secured down. Still leaks. I put my smoothie in a plastic zip bag so it won't get all over, which ends up wasteful.
I loved this cheese knife until it snapped in half while cutting a block of cheese tonight. Sad day.
One of the meat probes failed after 3 uses... Ambient probe works ok, the others are just so so.
Unfortunately it was defective. Reordered.
Handle broke after two uses. Alas...
This is a coffee mug and it holds drinks. Within a week the battery had completely come off. Go ahead and buy it it you want a plain black mug.
I bought one of these a while ago and it did not filter coffee well. Tried again the other day with a new one. Same issue. They did not filter well. Grounds and fines in my cup (and I don't know how that happened since the mesh is very tight). No mater how slow I poured, the water had no chance to really wet the grind well. Returned.
Overall just ok. Hard to keep clean. Have to rinse off the whole mat in the sink just to clean thoroughly. Put outside to dry off. Hold water dripping good. Eventually after six months I threw out.
This item it Definitely NOT dishwasher safe. Ordered it to use for my son's wedding, put it in the dishwasher, now all discolored (my fault for not reading the reviews before I purchased). Now back to the drawing board with two days to get a replacement.
arrived dirty and with a broken wire. after replacing it functions. but handle keeps losing grip. would not buy again.
I thought I was getting a VARIETY of different colored caps and bottles as it shows in the picture. But all four are exactly the same Yellow neon color. The reason why I wanted colored coded bottles is because I make smoothies and do juicing and I didn't want the veggies and fruits to be used in the same bottle. green juicing tends to stain bottles or give it a funny smell. So I wanted to keep that bottle for veggies. but they are all the same color, I had to permanently mark the bottoms. Wish they were as advertised as that was my reason for buying them. Overall all a great bottle, not to big for my commuter bag, fits on my bike bottle holder, the hook can hook around your finger so you don't have to constantly hold it in your hand .... But the colors are not what you see in the picture.
Just received my order and it was not what was pictured. They are solid light blue in the picture, I got sky blue letters with white stars on them. And I didn't receive all 26 letters of the alphabet so I can't even use this product.
This would be a great mat but it's packaged by folding into quarters, then wrapped with cardboard. My mat has a noticeable permanent crease down the middle and won't lay flat. For what it costs, it definitely not worth the money. I'm sorry I bought this.
The box was damaged when I received it, after ordering from Amazon and UPS delivered it. There was an issue with the basket not wanting to close at the top right below the digital screen. Started smoking in the back really bad by the fifth time of me using it along with grease coming out of the bottom of it. I truly do not understand why that happened, especially when what I was air frying was wrapped in foil and did not even produce that much grease.
I used my daughter's and loved it . I bought my own, The handle broke after one apple! I need a replacement. Thanks,
Had for a few weeks in refrigerator and it cracked easely!
Doesn't anyone make a toaster anymore that toasts evenly on both sides.
It doesn't fit even though it supposed to. I had to return it.
The sleeves are too big, slides right off my cast iron
is really a no no to be smoking out of 1. it will burn your eyebrows off (didn't happen to me but damn near close) 2. you won't taste the weed or tobacco whatever you smoke all you will taste is a mouth full of heavy burning metal(not saying it is heavy metal getting different aspects on what metal it is the list is: heavy metal,gold,metallic,aluminum,steel,Brass and just plain old metal whatever that may be) all I know is you will start to feel sick instead of feeling good. 3. It really doesn't hit all that well even if you grind your weed up and don't over pack it, it still feels as if you put a giant bud in there and crammed it down blocking the air flow but not completely enough to block the inhalation of metal fumes just the weed 🤷‍♀️ I haven't tried it with tobacco but this is my experience with it,with weed my other pipes have no issues like this other than they need to be desperately cleaned. it's sad because I really wanted it and it's not that great luckily I didn't pay a lot for it.
After 3 uses, the string on top is coming undone. The quality of the wood is otherwise acceptable. I probably wouldn't buy these again.
I liked the size, shape, and simplicity of this percolator, but the results are inconsistent. Often the coffee comes out very light and it doesn't matter how much ground coffee is loaded.
I have had the mug 3 1/2 months and have enjoyed using it. But now the interior coating is peeling at the base. I have been very careful not to use any hard objects in it and just wipe it out with a cloth. Disappointing.
They came in so beautiful! however, I was so upset to find out my plates started chipping!
Bounces around on the counter not like the old-school Cuisinart very disappointing and only used it four times and already a tiny piece broke off the top.
The lids does not fit with the container and it was smaller then expected
Broke after one year just out of warranty
These look to be high quality storage container. May have received a defective run. Lids do not fit on circular containers and seals easily fall out. If not for these defects the rating would be higher.
Not what expected, they are awesome but square, heavy and hard to use
I've found these bags to be useless. The bags provide no protection to food and crumbs can make it out of the mesh easily. The sizes were much too large. I was aiming to replace ziplock bags but I guess I didn't read into this product enough- it is far from air tight. You'd be better off using a paper bag.
These are NOT dishwasher safe. Mine warped on the top rack. They are NOT leak proof. What a mess. NOT great for travel. Suitable for refrigerator meal planning only.
If nails on a chalkboards or like noises bother you DONT but this. I've had these before but they were glad with rubber gasket - this is metal on metal and the sound is unbearable for me personally. 😂😂😂
These are a lot smaller than I expected - had to return.
It doesn't seem strong enough to hold bigger spice bottles. Only the small ones. Very disappointing. Just got an organizing rack instead.
Battery cover keeps falling off. 2 of the timers don't work.
Had it for 4 months and it quit working. Very Disappointed!
Ice cubes are too small to use for anything. Poorly shaped. Waste of time.
This is way smaller then I thought it would be. The picture on amazon shows cantaloupe, but a whole one cut up wouldn't fit in the biggest section
Not even an year that i purchased these, they started breaking while stirring curry.
Three bought but last two were too big for the Bodum press it was to be for. Horrible quality control.
The style of this board is good and why I bought it, and I thought the bamboo material would be nice. In reality the board is not "thick" as described, it is too thin and light this may account for why it arrived damaged, there was a deep long crack in it so it was basically about to break in two. I couldn't believe it! A solid thick board would never do this. Maybe bamboo is not a good idea for cutting board. I have had to return this item and hope to find the same style but made of a better quality material.
This expensive product doesn't deliver. I bought it for the design and features and am disappointed. The cover doesn't fit tightly so coffee doesn't stay hot. It's supposed to but mine doesn't work. Also the lever that stops coffee from flowing temporarily (so you can pour a cup before the full pot has brewed) needs to be pressed manually. If not pressed the coffee overflows on the counter. I wish I sent it back when I first got it.
Makes a very small amount of popcorn, if adding butter or other things on top it sticks to sides of container instead of going onto popcorn like it should. Pops less kernels than a normal bag of popcorn would, and keeping it in longer just burns everything
I love the concept of the product. However I've had it for a few months now and I'm looking to replace it. It leaks like crazy when attempting to use it. First couple a months was great but recently its been a pain in the butt.
Much more flimsy than I expected. It was warped from the beginning and has become more warped. About to go to the dumpster.
It is ok. Horrible for frying and sauté.
Disappointed. Worked good at first but now sticking. Can't even fry an egg on it
Even though the picture has 3 you only get 1
It dices the veggies too small and only a small amount can be chopped at one time.
Bought in August, April now and it's done. Honestly it's been leaking for months (probably since November) and we just dealt with it but it's so bad now we're tossing. Piece of junk. [Leaks out of the bottom where the blade is- not where it's sealed]
I purchased 2 sets. Love the shape and they are sturdy but they started peeling within a month. I do not own a dishwasher so I hand wash them only. I was unable to return because I was past the return window. Disappointed that they peeled and now I will have to buy new flatware.
I have the Brim cold brew coffee maker and ran out of filters. Not sure why but they don't make replace filters for the Brim so I tried these No go. Too big and had tons of grounds in my cold brew. Not their fault-they say its for Toddy. Just want to let people who have the Brim know these don't work well
Not a fan of this bag. There are much better bags out there. Does not seal well if you only have one pizza in it.
This gadget looked like it would work well, but arrived severely bent due to being shipped in an envelop without any protection. It would be better to ship it in a box or to include a rigid brace of some kind. I found the same thing at a local discount store under the Smarter Image brand for a $1 cheaper, so I returned this one for a refund. It turns out the design does work extremely well if you get one that's not bent.
We had a Crate & Barrel heavy duty stainless canister for our coffee for the last 12 or so years & the (plastic, but heavy duty) latch finally gave up. So we bought this as replacement - decent reviews on AMZ. THE GOOD: It's at least a good size to hold a whole 16 oz. bag of ground coffee. (Our last one only held ~14 oz). THE BAD: Super thin stainless steel - I have yet to drop or bang against counter accidentally, but if/when that happens, it's gonna dent easily. THE UGLY: Rubber gasket is already falling off regularly. Gonna add a drop of clear silicone to hold in place. The latch is crap. It's hard to get the “hook” to align on the cruddy “catch” part & feels like it's gonna break off in my hand every day. Just cheap-o. Caveat emptor!
I bought this for my tiny apartment as I do not have a range to cook on. I followed the instructions for first time use and was able to sauté some chicken that had already been cooked. My biggest concern and complaint about this hot plate is that the temperature control and on/off knobs get VERY hot to touch. That being said, water that I had in a small pot did not even reach a simmer when I attempted to boil it. The water was hot enough to cook some small ravioli; but it took quite a while. Overall, I am disappointed with the hot plate and would not recommend at this time.
Whoever packed these def have no idea what they are doing. No foam between containers so I opened and saw bunch of broken glasses and small pieces all over.
I've only used my egg cooker 3 times and the timer buzzer no longer works. The eggs turn out great, but it's very disappointing the timer is broken. Is there anyway to fix it?
This product is highly unreliable. I purchased twice. First thing it broke while boiling, and the second time it just stopped working suddenly. The manufacturer should make the product robust. It's a seriously waste of money and serves no purpose
Almost impossible to get the lids off...
thought they were larger opening than shown to thin for drinks
Pros: it makes waffles Cons: it sucks. I have trouble flipping/turning the handle. The waffle didn't really taste all that good. The cheap plastic dripping pan is useless. Have no clue when waffle is ready as the green light is on the entire cooking time. really a pain in the behind to clean.
I love the way this product looks and that it's machine washable but it doesn't even keep my tea hot for one hour let alone five.
After the 1st use the pan had baked on grime that would not come off. The attached photo is after the very first use. You cannot get this off. The pans have also warped already. Definitely not non-stick. Everything bakes onto them. On the plus side they are very light weight and the handles do stay cool. I returned the set.
1 of 4 arrived broken. Returning.
I believed what it said about being leak proof and I guess I was naive. It's not. If you know that going in, I'm sure you'll be impressed by the thickness of the metal, and it's overall design. But it leaks. I bought a Nordic solid pan for about double the price but it's what I wanted.
Everything was perfect until I hold it. Too thin, easy to break. Needs to be thicker.
It froths great but the on and off switch sticks and is cheap. It gets out of alignment and is hard to turn off and turn on.
The stickers for the face and feet are great and the lanterns are easy to pop open and hang. However, the package we received had 3 red lanterns (which should be for the head) and only one light green (which should have been the body pieces. This was a frustrating disappointment for a product that was branded as 'the world of eric carle" and yet had the colors all off relative to the story book.
I wanted to love these but the pouring spout is so small it is pointless and you can't use fkr anything bigger than a cheerio.
I purchased this on December 5th 2018, January 4th 2019 I noticed a small chip in the teflon first then when I place hamburgers in it smoke pours out of it and makes my fire alarm go off. Then the most dangerous thing was when the basket would no longer lock and I pulled it out and the hot basket dropped to the floor and my dog ran up too it, could have burned him! it also broke off a piece when it dropped that I dont even know where it came off of, but now when I put the basket back in the fryer there is a gap. I emailed Amazon and I hope they reply soon, I see where this is a problem so I hope they replace it or give me my money back.
This comes without any packaging or protection, so if you order anything else, it be slightly bent and scratched. It still works for tracking parks visited, but doesn't look its best.
Apparently this pan should not be exposed to high temperatures, which makes it about as practical as the proverbial chocolate tea pot. The surface of our pan discoloured after only a couple of uses due to it being placed on a high temperature stove hot plate. It is still useable but does not give me much confidence in its long term durability
The glass is a bit thinner than expected but it's a nice size and comfortable to hold. However, the lip of the glass is not smooth and feels a sharp against my lips.
The tops on all the stackable compartments had a little extra piece of plastic and therefore the lids did not close properly after I would prepare my pills for the week.
The timer turns off while I am using it. This has caused much distress because I have burnt way too much food because the timer just turns off.
Easy to store. Product material is cheap and the kids don't fit well and come off when jarred. Lunch box mess is what these cause.
Kinda cheap made.all very high speeds.
Not what I expected. I bought this for its non-stick capabilities, unfortunately, that feature is missing. Will NOT buy again for sure.
Cute little butter container but the seal stopped working after about a week. I cleaned it out and everything to make sure the butter wasn't making the lid pop out but it wasn't, it was just the way the seal is on the lid. I really liked the look of it but overall it didn't serve its purpose so I returned it.
On the small side and it gets moisture inside it even though it's locked down
Was looking for fun but usable apron. This is more for a wife/girlfriend trying to be cute. Not meant for serious cooking
Drawers get stuck but its sturdy. Needs knob or handle on drawers
Quick and easy to use, excellent tasting coffee, and it all worked great for about a month. Then, the seal/spring mechanism at the bottom failed and leaked coffee all over my refrigerator. Would not buy again.
It doen't work well. The noise drive me crazy.
2 plates were damaged. Company will not refund or replace without the plates being return. Due to the cost of shipping to return it is not feasible to return the plates. Will not order anything from them again.
Only buy if you like your food to stick
Bags break when pull up from the trash can. Not that durable.
I liked the compact size of this blender and it seemed to work really good but it falls apart and is cheaply made. The bottom rubber feet fell off and I could not put them back on, the lid fell apart after just a couple Washings, and seems to be just cheaply made. Unfortunately I would suggest not buying this machine.
I purchased these for a party where I was having multiple kinds of mixed drinks, I thought this set would be perfect! When I made the drinks in the shaker and proceeded to pour the drink almost none of the liquid came out, I had to take the lid off completely to get the mixed drink into the glass. Other reviews said that the rubber gasket doesn't quite fit and I had that same experience, I also had the gasket in the lid that you take off to pour the drink fall out several times. The jigger is cheap, the muddler and spoon was okay. Not impressed overall
Had small dents in it and the side plastic sticks out past the stainless leaving lines I. The dough.
Hmmm....what I received is different than the photos shown here. I ordered 3 kits and they are all red boxes, and none of them have the "extra" candy that was listed. I need them, so will keep them, but I'm not happy to have been a victim of bate and switch.
The egg sliced perfect for several months but the second time I used it to slice fresh mushrooms two slicing wires broke. Even though the instructions say to use it for other soft Vegas it isn't strong enough to slice except for eggs
The ribbon did not come with my purchase.
Had this toaster and worked good for the first weeks and then I had to continually increase the toasting time. Finally it would not toast at all on level 7 and and it is out of the product return policy at Amazon. I called Cuisinart and I had to cut the cord off the toaster, spend over $5 to send it to them with a $10 shipping fee, so they could send me a new toaster. I have no confidence that the new one will be any better! So disappointing when you think you are spending the extra dollars to get a reliable toaster that is better than the cheap ones. I guess what I am paying for is the motorized garbage! Should have purchased a Breville instead!
The lids continually split leaving the ability to leak
Watch out...they require one to buy two pkg of this stuff and only give an expiration date of five months from time it's received. Lame.
The apron was missing a lot of the crystals, but very pretty design. The size of the apron fit me good, not too big.
Not a great product. The handle is hard to squeeze when getting trying to drop cookies on the sheet... should have expected it though ... was cheap to buy and definitely got what I paid for... a cheaply made product - save the money and just put it towards a more expensive one!
This item was very disappointing. They did NOT stay inflated. Does not hold much ice.
Poor grinder, cheap plastic parts make this a poor choice. For example, the capacity of the coffee pot is 12 cups. The grinder, stuffed to over-flowing will hold only about 8 cups worth of beans. Would not buy again.
Doesn't really fit the 20oz ozark trail like it says. Too loose so it slides down. Gave it a 2 because it might fit the yeti ok.
Very slow grinding, poorly designed turning handle, wish I had returned it but missed the return window!
plates do not come out so it's very hard to clean
Has cheap aluminum parts where the fruit meets the press cone. The whole vertical shaft wobbled back and forth. Would work a little bit but not as long as it should've. Half th parts are serious quality iron, but the parts that count are just junk.
I didn't receive the three magnetic cheat sheets or a link to download the free ebook cooking guide cookbook
These numbers are much smaller than I expected and would not fly with helium.
I got excited this looked from the pictures like a commercial grade coffee maker. 1st, no way to customize size of pot, it is on or off and brews all the water in the tank. It is not even coming on right now and I have been told it is because I put cold water in tank...still hoping it actually brews. Carafe is nice, the rest is plastic and cheap. Nothing is stainless it is plastic that looks like aluminum. I was disappointed...I threw away all packaging and recycle already picked up or I would package this up and ship it back stat. I would use the Kmart brand Whitehouse before this coffee maker. One star for it arriving and one star for it being an actual appliance, no stars for performance, quality, and as of now it still is yet to brew a pot.
Terrific graphic but did NOT keep coffee hot! I ended u giving it away.
This mat isn't what I was expecting for a $19.99 coir mat. It's very thin and moves easily on my door step. If you're considering this door mat, please look at the others for about $1.50 more and you'll be much happier.
Not great, mine seems to be going out as I had to take it apart to get it on track to fit on a can. Perhaps it's going out. Should have chosen another product.
While I realize this set was only $30, I still expected a halfway decent product. The top didn't even go on straight - the plastic piece that holds it to the base was glued on crooked. The design looks very cheap and does not accurately reflect the nice, clean look in the photos. Very disappointed.
This pot is nice, but the 4 times we have used it there is metal shavings in our coffee. The instructions says not to wash the pot with anything but water, but after the 2nd time we did use soap. We cleaned it good to even used a strong light to look for metal shavings, but we still got metal with our coffee. They should clean there product better befor sending it to there customer's.
We received our replacement pot yesterday and it was broken like the first shipment. The glass cover was smashed. You need to protect the cover better and check each pot before shipping out.
I've only had this for 6 months and have used it maybe 10 times but I just noticed a huge crack in it yesterday. I have never let it sit in water and in fact I only rinse it off after each use. I'm pretty disappointed since it's sturdy and it works well and I thought it was something I'd have for life.
Hard to pull apart from each other, difficult to reopen and slots are too small for a standard size cupcake. It makes it hard to get cupcakes out of the trays. Trays are kinda flimsy but if your careful, it will do the job.
its doesn't work that good
These probably work okay with the Reusable K Cup Coffee Filters, but I did not find this to be enjoyable -- I would much rather buy the K-cups for a better experience.
I took it out of the package. Was covered in dents and leaked at the top seal once I filled it with water
This machine worked twice and by the third time bag, it stopped vacuuming. I tried using different bags, different food, I looked up stuff on google. It just crapped out so fast.
For a home coffee maker at this price I was expecting a little more. It was quick, the coffee was pretty good. But I did not like that it was constantly heating the water. I didn't like how large it was. And the water came out too quick causing grounds to overflow.
It was great for 5 days then it stopped working.
One of the set was cracked.
The item/color is not clear as the description stated nor does it match the clear photo shown when purchasing the item.
This grinder is easy to use but horrible to clean. My food processor works just as well and I can clean the parts in soapy water. No brush was included even though the description said there would be.
Bought this for my son (14) he loves Chi tea. After 2 washes the clips to hold the tea filter basket broke off so the basket for the tea bag no longer stays in.
I bought this to help me feel more comfort while sleeping on my side. This pillow was too firm and caused more discomfort. I ended up returning. Would not recommend.
A few of these came in already broken, so I'm going to have to glue them back together. They are also super flimsy so they dont always stand up when you're wearing the headband. I'll probably incorporate them more as decor then as something to actually wear. Kind of a disappointment, and they are non returnable
I've had two tear on me after only using a handful. I was using them for pour over coffee and was folding it as directed, and pouring very slowly without filling it up too much and it still tore. I would not recommend for a conical dripper for pour over coffee.
I've tried this machine a few times as per the instructions and have been disappointed with the results. It never seems to thicken as it should and I had to put the canister back into the freezer just to get it thick. It is also very noisy and the stirring mechanism seems a bit flimsy. So it's probably a good thing that it doesn't get too thick because it could break during the stirring process. It's a good price but next time I'll pay a little more for better quality.
Not enough Lids. I expected 50 lids with 50 cups.
Not well described. Heavy, clunky, flaw in the finish. Too small to be worth shipping back,
The coffee maker works fine but the carafe is totally useless. The poor design of the pour spout causes a leak down the pot on the outside which makes using it anywhere except above the sink impossible (or having to place a paper towel on the bottom while you pour.) I would not purchase this again due to this.
Too hard to open and close. Really requires strength and patience. Not a favorite so I wouldn't recommend.
I got the 6 mugs because I wanted a nice matching set. one of the mugs has a really ugly burnt looking imperfection. the size of a thumbprint. Another has a series of chips at the bottom which I am a bit concerned will get it caught on any tableclothes I have and might even cut me. If I could do it again, I would pick another brand. This one has too low of quality assurance checks. Are these factory seconds?
Do not place it in the dish washer by mistake! It will ruin the product. Once is all it took for me to cause its demise., i had to buy another one for my son in law since it was his.
Love the dark brown color but not the size. Description says 10 inch, they are 9 5/8 inch which are way too small! Wish they made a 10 inch or preferably larger 11 - 12 inch plates. Cannot find any non breakable, non disposable, microwavable plates/bowls set!
Cup, fine. It fits my tractor. But the lid... Where do I start... It takes 2 hands and a struggle to open, and to close. It sits right in my face when I try to drink... and on top of it all, mine LEAKED! The over-engineering they brag about seems to have backfired on this lid.
I thought I could put this in my bag and be good, but about half the water spilled by the time I went from my house to the car. :/ All my stuff was wet. Returning.
I researched knife sets for weeks and was truly looking forward to receiving this set. Unfortunately, every knife I checked had been mishandled or crafted poorly. I only checked half the knifes before I put them back in the box. Specifically, there was a small hole/indent in the handle of one steak knife and sharp edges where the full tang meets the wood handle. Additional blemishes appeared to be scribble like pattern, maybe from rubbing during manufacture or shipping. I've lost confidence in the brand and will now pay extra to get the desired quality...
It was ok , but very thin
These are super flimsy and may be good for small snack items but not much else. I would not purchase these bowls again. Many cracked as I was separating them from each other out of the package.
Arrived broke. The 16 broke off. Needs better packaging. Delicate. And I just noticed 2 stones are missing. I'm having to make it work as it's the only topper I bought for the cake.
We've had these for a month... half of them don't close anymore. I don't know what's wrong or how it stopped, but no matter what you do, they won't close. Also, cleaning them can be annoying if what was in there isn't dry.
I love the idea of this and the functionality, but it does not work well. I've tried it with many different items, green olives, onion, garlic, tomatoes and it just spins it all around making the most minor cuts. I certainly wouldn't spend your money on this!
Not impressed. a) Smaller than I thought it'd be; b) The picture has two bowls in it and not reading closely, I thought both were included. That's my bad, and I cop to that, but do be aware that only the smaller green bowl is actually sent to you. I would overlook all of that and be happy anyway, except trying to use the product was...not easy, shall we say. Popping it open – not a problem! Popped right out; good to go. But trying to close it? Holy cow. I wrestled with it for a good five minutes and finally had to have my husband help me. Together, the two of us managed to make it flat again but even together, it took us a couple of minutes to flatten it out. A silicone bowl should not be akin to a wrestling match with a pig, just sayin'. Maybe I got a defective one, I don't know. But I received it today and I've already popped it into an envelope to send it back. We'll keep looking for something slightly less athletic. (Btw, I'm 37 and have absolutely nothing physically wrong with me. I tend to be the person who others hand items to because they can't get them to open / close / whatever it is that they're trying to do. I have a lot of patience, long fingernails, and a refusal to be beaten, haha. So for me to run into this severe of a problem...I would classify this bowl just above unusable. Like I said, maybe I got a defective one. But I certainly wasn't impressed).
I'm reviewing based on the fact that I have received the wrong item. I cannot speak to the quality of the matt itself since it is not the item I received. I was very excited to try this matt out and ordered it twice hoping to get a different outcome. Each time I received a red matt with round circles missing the ear loops. The first time I ordered pink, the second time I ordered blue. I'm hoping that amazon and the seller can get this problem resolved since I'm still interested in getting the product that was listed and would look forward to trying it out.
They don't stay in place
Looks okay but it's a real stretch to call them “large” as indicated in 5hr description. They are barely medium.
I have now used three different methods to make cold brew. The Toddy is very difficult to use. It is messy. The filters have fallen out more than once causing grounds to get into the coffee and the force of the coffee to shove the tiny cheap stopper out and coffee spilled everywhere. I don't actually understand why this system is so popular or why it costs what it does. It is made of cheap and flimsy material. I would gladly pay a bit extra for a cold brew system that does indeed work well but I have not found one yet and this system is not it.
poor design . didn't keep coffee warm more than an hour, returned unit in less than a week
You get what you pay for, these weren't quality drink decorations. It took a bit of finagling to get it to stay in the drink...which was frozen ice
Poorly designed, hard to fill. Carafe does not slip on and off warmer plate easily because the filter mechanism has to be moved out of the way first. Coffee brews okay but the mechanics require too much attention.
Decent bag with lots of storage but material is pretty bad. My knives are really sharp but even my parents dull kitchen knives were cutting through the bag. Overall I would recommend buying blade guards along with this bag.
I like the coffee maker and it worked fine for 10 months and then started to leak the entire reservoir all over the counter top. Retried to make coffee 3 more times and it still leaked water onto the counter...
Huge inner diameter. Too large for Hot drinks. My first sip of coffee burnt my mouth and tongue to the point of numbness. Was not expecting the volume of liquid delivered from a single slip. And even after several washings, in dishwasher and by hand using brushes, still left an aftertaste. However great for drinking water.
The writing on the mug in places was worn off and difficult to read!
The reason I purchased this product was to enhance the PH level of the water I currently drink. Turns out the filter does not do what it promotes. I purchased the PH drops to test it and there was absolutely no difference. Very disappointing.
Got this to gift my friends mom but this wasn't what I expected . The words engraved were not much easily visible . There were darker shades that made the words unrecognizable. I had to return it .
Will be returning this one. I couldn't make strong enough coffee, even after filling the basket to the top, compacting the grounds, and using a fine espresso grind. I wasn't looking for coffee you can stand a fork up in, just something that didn't taste watery. Tried for 3 days, using more and more grounds and it didn't seem to make much difference. I really wanted to like this machine. It looks very nice, everything about the coffee maker is well made and of high quality material. It brews at the perfect temperature, unfortunately since the heating element shuts off after 20 minutes you would have to pour it into a secondary vacuum carafe to keep it hot for any length of time.
Worked ok first two times. Third time handle on lid broke lifting lid off baked bread probably a design flaw
Getting ready to try for a 3rd one, 2nd replacement
Wish I could return but it's too late. Leaks everywhere, doesn't hold nearly enough. They've gone cheap, and mine went to the trash can.
Opened the box to find that this cook top does not use a standard 120 volt outlet. The description of this item does not say that it requires a dedicated 15 amp service outlet. So after a 40 mile round trip to the hardware store to get an outlet I find that it's not even a standard 15 amp plug. The vertical prong is on the other side. After a visit to a friend that is an electrician, I finally get a outlet rigged up to plug this thing in. Used it a few times to see that it's no better than the $15 electric skillet that's been sitting on my pantry shelf for 20 yrs. Warmer on one side of the pan than the other, shuts on and off not allowing a constant simmer. Back to an open flame for me.
have bought these before and always ended up giving them away to friends who were amazed by the product! bought this as a replacement for myself, and it broke on the first use. i've been satisfied in the past and hope the quality isn't going downhill...
As a replacement for a compact, simple toaster oven, this toaster oven has been such a disappointment. Besides taking up a lot of counter space, it is complicated to operate and not user friendly. The oven temperature is higher than indicated by the setting, so I have to adjust the temperature and carefully monitor any food I cook, especially pizza. The interior light comes on when the door is opened but is not on while the oven is in operation, making it easy to forget that the oven is in use, a safety issue in my opinion. (The photo shows the light on, which is misleading.) Also, the labels on the controls started wearing off within six months of purchase. Definitely not worth over $200. I plan to replace it in the near future.
did not work. the handel keep come off. I return it.
While the color - navy blue is good, the quality of the fabric leaves a great deal to be desired. These napkins are so thin as to be see through. Not what I expect from a cotton napkin.
Too big and lids didn't have good seal. We're very loose.
Cookie mix sticks to mold. Then when cookies cook, design disappears. I bought 2 sets, received another for Christmas. I like the cookie press kit lots better. You squeeze the cookie dough through a syringe with a decorative design.
There is a better design for this price point. The mixers that spin the base instead of the paddle actually work. This one doesn't really work... but hey I'm lazy so I kept it because all you really need is the frozen base to put in the freezer and the stirring can easily be done by hand with a spatula.
Steamer basket is too big for the bottom.....holes are not aligned and the water drips from them all over the counter...always a mess when using it...disappointed!!
The eggs just run right under the ring does not hold it in.
It was just ok. It wasn't as pretty in person and definitely had flaws. It was also very much gold, and not silver as the photo portrays.
looks good but falls off after a few weeks, doesnt last at all
I guess I got someone's return, after they used them for a few months. Scratched everywhere. Residue at the bottom inside. Worn on the outside bottom. The rim still had sticky stuff on it. Quality control really messed this one up. Returning.
I used it maybe 5 or 6 times it worked very well, until I accidentally turned the knob when it wasn't plugged into the wall. I then plugged it back in while the knob was still turned (to the on position) then heard a POP, and now its completely dead.
Was very happy with this purchase. I used this pressure cooker frequently. However, while cooking chili in my pressure cooker last night, it died. No warning, just shut off and will not go back on. :(
The lid does not stay on tight enough.
This blender broke after two weeks....
I'm kinda upset, thank God I tested this before I sent my daughter to school with it. She would have a real mess in her hands. The water came right out when I checked it at home. I wonder what is leak proof.
Most time the coin goes in but no gum come out. Used it at a fair and had to keep on opening it to give the children the gum
These are really cute and they did arrive early! I was expecting them to be a little bigger, but the oil and vinegar bottles do hold a decent amount. However, I've rated these only 2 stars because it does feel like they would break VERY easily. Also, some of the wording on the bottles were smudged and a couple of letters looked like they were chipped off or something. In my opinion, I think these would work better for decoration, but not exactly for practical cooking purposes.
There is more than a 12 degree separation between these two thermometers. After some extensive testing it appears as though one of them is functioning correctly.
Worked great for a little while. Made yummy popcorn. Now it doesn't heat up properly and I haven't used it very much. Wish it would've lasted longer.
Six months later after using it on an irregular basis, it started blowing fuses. It was in a stationary location and had not been moved. Replaced 4 fuses one after the other blew. This is the second chef's choice i've tossed.
It is definitely the cutest pan I've used with great design. That certainly deserves two stars. What is disappointing is the functionality. I wash it by hand every time and it sticks even when I cook an egg.
Prongs seem to break easy. Choke hazard if not careful.
Seems cheap and breakable. I have not broken any yet, but seems like it won't take long.
This does work but it is so tedious to use I threw it away. It is easier to use a hand grinder. You can only put a tiny amount at a time in the grinder. It was slow as well.
Everything I cook with these pans sticks to them even on medium/low heat.
The bag is thinner than expected and I used it for an art show. One of the works I sold crashed through ,hit the floor and broke.
Very convenient size. Very cheap lid made of plastic. Leaks.
Does work as well as shown.
I am giving this purchase a 2 because the pot holder was not included in the package. Everything was packed neatly and arrived on time. Don't display it as part of the package if you are not going to include it!
Watermarks are left easily on the knife.
I received It with a bunch of dings and it warped on the right side. Packaging was not ideal but it it's my top-o-matic pretty good and saves from a lot of clean up
Very thin and the lids are difficult to put on
This teapot is bery small. If placed on a small burner the handle is over the burner and will get extremely hot. If you fill it over half way the water shoots out of the spout when it comes to a boil
Works ok but seems to require more coffee to make the same strength of coffee compared to a French press. Somewhat hard to clean
Got a whole in them on the second wash. The material is cheap and I wasted my money!
Banner had to be strung. For $12.99 it was not worth it. No instructions. Just a stack of square cards with letters and 2 strings. Disappointed.
This looked like a great gift for my musician son but the writing on the mug is so small that it's barely readable unless you are very close to it. Also the nice box it arrived in reeked of patchouli and went straight into the garbage. Good thing I didn't need the box. The wooden cover is a nice touch and if the design on the front was bigger it would be quite nice. Not going to send it back as it was for an Easter basket but I would not recommend.
I purchased these lamps for my husband's birthday party, and they worked well. However, over a matter of a few months they have all lost their color, and are now simply clear. Initially they were really beautiful.
meh. the ice sticks to the silicone and who has time for stuff like this? Only buying water bottles that can fit normal ice cubes now.
These tongs were very flimsy from the start with the tong ends not meeting correctly to pick up items. Then at ~ 15 months they fell apart. We bought another less expensive set at the same time, and those are fine. - still working will with no issues. .
Difficult to use and to small for what I needed
save your money 1 popped the other wouldnt stay inflated. pointless with even one missing letter
I ordered a pink and received green. Unfortunately, I need it now and will have to use them but I would've liked what I paid for.
By now all the nonstick has wore off and I only use plastic utensils when I cook. Some of the pans have warped and the lids no longer fit making it impossible to make things like potatoes or rice in them with out the steam coming out.
Pan warps with heat, I was hoping with design with a lip and being stainless I would not have the problems as the cheap pans. I would nor recommend this product.
They aren't strong enough to take a cork. They chip when you use a bottle opener to take a cap off. It's a shame, because I would have preferred more accurate reviews from previous consumers. Just overall, cheap, poor quality that isn't worth spending your time on for anything other than a decoration. Now to figure out how to get these back to the supplier....
I tried with and without the filters and can't tell the difference. I am extremely particular about the water I drink so it's not like I just couldn't tell the difference. The filters don't fit securely in the cartridge holder so if they make any difference at all you can't tell maybe because the water passes around the filters rather than through them. I do not recommend.
Not as pictured. Color scheme and design is totally different.
The large round bowl fell apart after 1 month (rubber seal and holding clip) The other pieces are excellent and I love how much faster my food cooks in the microwave. However, I received very poor customer service when I complained about the round bowl falling apart. They didn't even offer a refund or replacement and negated to reply to my return email. Extremely poor customer service!!!
Doesn't hold temperature of the food. I did hot water per the instructions and by lunchtime my son said food was cold. We tried it twice. Cute design and well made by they need to work on it further.
At first I really liked this product, the quality was great! Then about a month let the pestle broke in two.
Have bought these 3 times, the 1st two packages were "packed" with packing, in an additional box. the third box, the glasses were "thrown" in the box without ANY PACKING IT'S GLASS PEOPLE!!!! disgusted
I'd pour 3/4 boiled hot water into the cup and 1/4 cold milk, and the cup will be too hot to hold. I often had to double cup. The lid is only good for one time use. They're kind of flimsy. At work, I try to use the same cup for refills but once I remove the lid, it often tears below the mouth opening. Even though you can still put the lid over the cup, you won't be able to drink from it without leakage from the rim. I would not purchase these cups again.
Their purpose is to be closed tightly, but the plastic clip is hard, very hard to slide on the bags, making it nearly impossible to close them conveniently. It is a hassle to use these bags when you have some other chores to do. I cannot give these bags to my kids either, since they would be unable to open or close the bags. otherwise, they are ok for the purpose, even if they leave some weird smell on liquid food products. Re. durability, they should last at least a few months, unless the plastic clip ends up breaking.
I liked it very much, accurate, easy to use, flippable. Quit after about 10 uses, I thought battery is out, replaced the battery, but no display. Tried to see what is wrong, but dead as a doornail. Don't see warranty mentioned, cheaper units have lifetime. Getting cheaper one.
Not much info for smaller meals. It just the two of us and we do not cook to have leftovers. I'm very pissed at myself for buying the machine. I would not recommend that my family or friends purchase this product.
Very light, I have an old one that works better
Interior not tall enough for a stick of butter. Also, made in China.
I bought this and the ring was too short so it wouldn't seal. same thing happened with the replacement....
Rabbit opener stop working after six months
I like the size and color. But it cannot take any heat burn easily
Was great till is totally stopped working after 11months of use
I purchased two. One is fine & the other leaked.
Product image clearly indicates that foil cutter is included with product offered, but it is NOT...had to order separately when found it was not in shipment .
One plate was broken
doesn't maintain seal like original caps
It's cute and it works. It doesn't heat quickly or evenly though.
It really doesn't seal. The crazy weird guy that said you can see a gap through the lid when closed was right. That being said it is plastic and it has little wheels.................... don't buy
I loved this after first sight. It's pretty and let's you display your cupcakes beautifully. It broke after the first use. The bottom cracked around the pole center and it is now useless. 20.00 for one use is not ok in my book.
The stone board itself is fine, but I was sent two sets 2-prong forks and was missing one of the knives in the photo of the product. Kind of a ridiculous oversight by the packaging department.
The insert sits directly on the bottom of the pan so the grease still soaks into the meat loaf, defeating the purpose of the insert.
The icing had decent flavoring and great color but it was like working with tar. It made decorating nearly impossible. I had to warm it up to make it useable but then it would harden and break like lava.
Package arrived fine. Unwrapped the filters and one of them had a hole punched in the side of it and carbon dust was everywhere. Good price but next time I'll purchase in store.
My son used this for school. It didnt last long he dropped it and the lid broke.
Not heavy duty. Water resistant at first, until the waterproof part starts to peel away from fabric. This apron only lasted 6 weeks in a restaurant setting, used by dishwasher.
The upper plate cannot be removed for cleaning.
This is how my blender arrived.
This was a gift for my aunt she loved the ones I had but when I purchased these they were much smaller harder to hold and the stand wobbled
This tray may be useful for craft items, but not for silverware. I have two sets of silverware and the knives from either set don't fit.
I loved this kettle for about a year or so, then it's second most important feature quit working. It still heats water quickly, but you have to be there to turn it off or it will boil all the water away to empty. Luckily, I never had any fires, or anything but I can't use it anymore for this reason, too risky in my opinion as well as annoying. I'm shopping for a more reliable/durable kettle now.
Not like the blue sterilizer we used to wash drink wear ...
salt do not stay in popcorn.
Didn't last long on my 7 year old.
Not the quality I expect from Black and Decker. Coffee does not stay hot and sometimes leaks. I set the timer so I have coffee when I get up. Unfortunately sometimes it leaks and I get up to find coffee all over the counter and about half is in in the pot. Sometimes it works fine. It's a gamble each morning - will I be cleaning up a mess or not. Not worth it. I'm getting a different coffee pot.
Waste of money and counter space. Doesn't toast evenly, have to put in twice to get it more than pale tan. Wish I hadn't chosen this out of all the toasters on the market! I've had it a couple of months now and the box is long gone so can't return it, will be throwing it out!
Protection of product was poor and one bottle was broken, considering that pretty much ...Meh
Too light. Blows away in wind.
Got these less than a week ago and one of the plastic pieces that secures the lid broke already. Not happy.
I think this bag is great except for the fact it's been a month of use and it's already falling apart at the seems. Feels like I wasted my money.
This is a large tea kettle, wide bottomed, a bit strange looking, but not unattractive.. The whistle on it is loud enough to hear easily and you don't have to flip down anything in order for it to work as I has to do with my last one. However, it is stainless only, no copper, and it heats up slowly. Like watching grass grow, even when there isn't much water in it.
very hard to use. bought for my mother and she can't squeeze it enough to get it to work.
Would of been great but put it together and light switch was broken
Both grinders work well with Salt however, neither work well with peppercorn. I used 4 different types of peppercorns with no prevail. I purchased these just over a year ago and I had to go back to my old pepper grinder. Very disappointing for the price i paid.
Plastic of the handle is too thin, a screw is dull. I was sorry i did not keep the screw from the model i bought 20 years back
Not sure they work...I have seen signs of mice within five feet of the device
The nonstop version of the wok appears to be using a low quality nonstick coating. The coating started to come off a little when it first heated up. After the second use, it is full of scrapes and patches. I've only used the included wooden spoon and soft sponges to watch the product.
Does not keep food cold as described. I had a Costco freezer bag (the $5 kind) and it wore out after eleven years of use so I thought I'd get something nicer. Well, the Costco bag kept things colder. It is nice that it zips.
Pretty but not sturdy. The “wood” has started to fall off on the corners.
Not happy with this product. Yes it catches some oil splatter. No it doesn't catch it all. There is still a decent amount of cleanin needed on oven after use. More importantly after my third use, the mesh metal turned brown as if it had burned. I only had it on the pan for 6 minutes, medium heat. Unacceptable. Unfortunately my return window has expired.
Almost immediately leaking at spindle. Blending works well, but liquid leaks and likely to ooze into electrical components in base
Terrible, does not work well at all no power for cutting a prime rib. Looking for another one that works as well as my old one I had for over 30 years!
.?? No splash guard. Should come with splash guard. Don't know who packed it. Loose, piece of plastic around it, blades stuck at bottom.
This is a French press functions great. We purchased it because of its high rating and it was dishwasher safe. However, the matte black color we paid extra for was a wrap that began to come off after a few weeks of regular use. Wish we had just purchased the stainless steel so it would look nice for company. It still works well, but we're afraid to load it into the dish washer so we don't use it very often. Big disappointment!
Didn't care 4 it. Sent it back
the fruit in the picture isn't real life size basket is much smaller then it appears
This gift is not very practical because you have to sip some of the beer first before putting the chiller in the bottle.
Hard for my kindergartener to latch properly and ended up leaking all over multiple times
It is cute but doesn't stick in the clothes like us supposed to. When we were doing the gender reveal alll the guests stickers were on the flor 🙄
wrong size. I thought I ordered 3 cup lids. My error, but costs more to return than it cost to buy.
The container top does not stay in place when closed; eventually the top slips off the container and the straw parts fall out in my purse and get dirty. I'm sure if I used the keychain, I'd eventually lose the straw and container. I would not recommend or buy again.
This seems like a great idea, but the first time I tried to use one my thumb came right through it. 🙁
Two of the containers were broken, there are only 18 stickers not 27, & no marker.
I ordered it to replace the plastic part, ring gasket and I also received the blade and rubber ring. All parts are working fine, but the blade just got lose and it almost cut me, just punctured my thump. I returned it and I'm getting a full refund. It seems the blade was defective. Overall, I'm happy with all the other parts
I really wanted this to work but they were too skinny for what I needed them for
Good product considering the cheap price. Material is pretty bad. I would never buy it as gift for someone else.
I purchased these to hold Ranch for my kids lunch boxes. 2 of my kids have had the lids pop off in their boxes and get ranch everywhere. I now have to wrap them in saran wrap in order to use. I do not recommend for any condiment!
Just a piece of wood with a hole nicely sanded. I was expecting more could just be that i have high expectations
DISAPOINTED! the grinder is very hard to turn. It does put out a good amount of pepper.
Let me first say that I absolutely love this design and the quality is excellent; it is solid and will definitely hold up under heavy use. It came intact, no cracks or broken bits. However, it did not come with the dowel to connect the 2 pieces; I had read other reviews that mentioned that, so I knew it was a possibility. I have plenty of scrap wood and it'll be a quick fix to make my own, but this product is not ready to use straight out of the box and has more than just "some assembly" required.
The image isn't on both sides of the keychain. For $14, I think the image should be on both sides. It is a good size but not the easiest bottle opener to use.
After a few months heard a bang in fridge and come to find out it shattered. Luckly I had it in drawer. I really loved this when it worked. Might have been the hot food under pressure and going into fridge.
This opener works on most cans, but on some generic cans, it doesn't work. Frustrating
Flimsy. Hard to cut the bread as it is so light it's hard to get a grip. The support white board is too short to hold the entire loaf.
Didn't work as well as I had hoped. During the defrost, water would pour off the sides and make a gross mess. The silicone bottoms came off frequently and wouldn't stick back eventually. The idea is great but didn't work as well as I'd hoped.
While the concept is a good one, these little stones don't even begin to work. I have used them in whiskey, but they didn't work. I stuck them back in the freezer and rediscovered them last night. I got them out to try in red wine...it's so hot I was hoping to chill my wine a bit. Not only didn't it help chill my wine, my wine captured the taste of whiskey.
Lids were not easy to put on, flimsy material
It sounds like a really good product. Problem is you have a hard time holding onto your dishes. Hope you like to juggle . Broke a glass just the other day and said goodbye gloves
The glasses are more like shot glasses. The cubes are tiny. Could probably choke on them if you're not careful. I mean, they do the deed, all I wanted was nice crystal cups for my alcoholic lifestyle. Just wish they were adult size.
After only a month of use all of the lids cracked. So much for a seal:( Disappointed.
The temperature goes from 200 to burning! The pan burned the first time I made something. Couldn't even make a grill cheese in it. Will throw pan away!
It was working great and kept my bedside water cold for hours. But after a few months I noticed the paint chipping at the bottom and rust starting to develop. Wouldn't recommend
Poor to no ability to adjust grind. Stand was flimsy and useless.
Does not hold time very little
I liked it a lot, opened about 10 cans with it overall. Then it fell apart and couldn't be reassembled. Threw it away.
Love Under Armour but I was concerned from the moment I purchased this about the flip top and just as I suspected the top broke after about a month. I use it about 3 times a week and would expect to get more than that before it broke.
Arrived in a day, but very expensive for what you get.
When this item was received over 10 plates were damaged and unable to be used. Complete disappointment but otherwise very beautiful. The material is very flimsy and breaks during shipping.
This product arrived broken. It looked like it would have been nice though.
This would be just fine but rust started to show after only a few weeks. Not sure why only parts are plastic covered, covering everything would prevent rust...
Timer is extremely loud which is good for a household and you need to hear from another room. However, using it in a classroom setting it is loud and disruptive. In my program we use timers set at different intervals for individual's programs and having the loud timers going off constantly is disruptive to the learning of others.
My order arrived with the top screw missing. I contacted the seller and was mailed a new grinder after sending a photo of my missing screw. The grinder itself is not really useful for coffee. It takes a very long time to grind enough coffee for one pot. We will be using it for pepper. The frother does not work very well as the on button is very touchy and only works when pressing it a certain way. Once it is submersed it does not have enough power to keep spinning and has to be raised back out of the milk to start spinning again. All in all I am rather disappointed in the products though the customer service was excellent.
I thought the description suggested using for kale and other greens. the holes are too small. a wasted purchase.
Delivered to wrong address!!!!
Bought this specifically for my Mom so she could open water bottles. Very difficult for her with her arthritis. Doesn't work, disappointed.
Second electric knife in two weeks. The first one was a $15 from a box store-motor out on the first roast. This one cuts, but very slow. Ok for bread. Forget it for meat. I thought it was me. I thought I was not doing it right, so I had my girl friend ( a professional chef) use it. And within 30 seconds of using it, she said it has no power. I think I will just buy a very expensive regular knife. I cant find anything with real power. I am returning it, but wanted to put my opinion.
Why go through all the trouble to get away from plastic and go with and pay for stainless steel just to find out the lid is plastic on the inside.
I ordered 3 of these table cloths. I hv a six foot table and they did not go around the table
Very cute but the cutting board did not have any rubber pads on the bottom of the board. There is nothing to hold it in place.
After first use / wash the entire surface started splintering. It's not really suitable for preparing food on now.
It's good for a few uses and quickly looking very unclean. I have tried to fix but I think it's rust. 😭 Coulda been amazing.
I made smoothies and put them in the freezer, and they broke in the freezer. Such a disaster in the morning very disappointed. Was so excited but i guess they are not very sturdy
Did not open it or use it so I will not be able to judge the size or the quality, However, the color was so pink-ish that it could be considered a rose red. I bought 6 pink products and all of them matched my expectations based on the description and the pictures provided by the sellers. This product did not meet my expectations in term of the color.
This is great for the paper towels but there isn't much that you can fit in the storage area
I received my glasses with a bump on the bottom so that the glass is unable to stand up without wobbling. Disappointed as they are supposed to be a gift! Very cute on the outside though.
Really small. I won't buy again and wouldn't recommend them.
I have to preface this review by saying that I didn't buy this slicer expressly for shaving truffles. I had seen Rachael Ray use a similar tool to slice garlic and thought it would be a time and cleanup saver. The first thing I discovered was that the blade was jammed and had to be forced through the opening to be on the correct side of the slicer. That part was sheer guesswork because there were absolutely no use/care instructions. I tried slicing a clove of garlic which the writeup said was an option. The garlic was fresh and firm but was turned to mush by the slicer. I next tried it on an olive to see if a firmer item would work out better. The result was a scrambled olive. While the slicer looks good and appears to be well made I have had no success with it. Perhaps it was my not knowing what to expect from it but I've spent considerable time using a mandolin slicer with good results.
Was replacing an old brush and after one use the new brush looked almost as bad as the years old brush I was replacing. Brushes frayed out
Tried using this a few times but never created a sphere
Let me start by saying the pan is much lighter than I expected it to be. After taking it out the box and plastic bag I noticed the pan was bent in 2 places but still I was determined to make it work. I baked a cheesecake in this pan and it came out uneven. I own 3 other springform pans just not this size. So it's not me it's the pan. I wouldn't recommend this pan.
I know I bought used like new but not only was the package damaged the spout on the product was cracked off
Not well packaged. Cheap quality items
It is not a product I was thinking about.
It's a nice looking piece and it will do the job. I like that it has a bevel on the end of the blade. But the blade is not TIGHT in the handle! If it were assembled correctly, I'd probably give it 5-stars. As it actually is, it's a disappointment. Update: I have to take this from 3-stars to 2-stars. After washing just once (in the sink, not the dishwasher, didn't soak it overnight or anything crazy) the handle has splayed. If the rivets were tight, this would not have happened. Piece of junk.
no matter how we prep the fruit, the juice taste horrible. Take same batch of fruit and juice with a hand juicer or eat directly and fruit is delicious, run it through this juicer and it just tastes bad. Going to try a few more things but honestly cannot see us using this more if the taste continues to be off.
These are way to small to use as a spoon rest. We cook a lot everyday and I was looking for something to hold multiple spoons at the same time.
Poor quality construction - would not purchase again.
Doesn't close very good for a 5 year old to do their self.
Couldn't wait t o get these. However, I am very disappointed. Pre-heated boxes with hot water then filled with boiling hot ravioli. My granddaughter got home from school and said that her ravioli was stone cold by lunch time less than 5 hours later. Will try again with something cold and see if it holds up. Would not buy again.
The "elastic" is nothing more than a thin layer of vinyl that disintegrates rapidly.
Right out of the packaging the words on the mug were rubbed off in places and the entire image was placed crooked... I'm disappointed because I love the humorous design! It was going to be a Christmas gift, but I am too embarrassed by the quality to give it. I wouldn't recommend this mug or buy from this company again.
Loved the product and have had it for 3 months. However, even though we only use wooden spoons the surface is no longer non-sticky :( The product provided 12 month warranty, however, there is no way to contact the seller or figure out how to get a replacement. I was hoping to be able to use this pan for a least a year. Any help?
After reading other reviews, I wasn't surprised to receive a damaged product. I bought this as a gift for my mother and so I left it up to her whether to return it or not. The refrigerator functions properly, but arrived with a very large dent on the top. She decided to just cover the area rather than deal with the hassle of returning such a large object. One of the screws for adjusting the freezer door was stripped out also, but it doesn't seem to affect the function of the door.
I have been cold brewing for a while now with another pot that was a smaller capacity, I decided to upgrade to a bigger jug. The metal mesh strainer in this one sucks. I brewed twice with very coarse grounds and I didn't just have a little sediment (which is normal BTW), I had an entire jug of grounds in my coffee. Had to restrain it with my old device which has a plastic mesh strainer, apparently the plastic ones are the way to go. I really liked the jug size and had high hopes, but it just didn't work worth a damn.
I am so disappointed- I was so excited about getting these lids- so far I have 1 soup bowl that a lid will fit- by the time I am through trying to get lids on other bowls- I need a beer and bed-- back to stick and seal for me- will be sending these back );
I purchased this as a gift, and after only a month of use the lid broke and I had to buy another coffee mug. Not the quality you would expect from Contigo. Will not purchase again.
Worked great the first time I used it. Has not worked since then.
I bought this for a party. I intended on using it to cut out PB and J sandwiches. The good news is that it was big enough to do so, it's not a small crown. The bad news is it's completely rusted after trying to wash/rinse it and it cannot be put in the dishwasher at all. The cutting side of the cookie cutter is also not really sharp enough so you have to spend a bit of time gently coaxing whatever you're cutting out of it hoping your dough/bread doesn't break in the process. Overall, a bit disappointing.
I usually love OXO products but was disappointed with this. Food gets stuck and it's hard to clean. Also, was really annoyed that it broke down the middle while mashing potatoes. Very unlikely for OXO so i was very surprised at that.
This item came on time but had about 3 dents in it when it arrived. The only way to return it was in the box it came in and we ripped it up getting it open. We did not return it but I would not recommend getting a mini fridge by UPS.
It doesn't work as well as I thought it would but ok for small need
Works good, do not drop, breaks.
Disappointed. One of the covers broke the first time my 5 year old used it.
This cookie cutter is so small!
Thought this would be the missing ingredient. My daughter hates it. I'm not thrilled with it. We dislike the lemony flavor.
Much like others who received the cereal bowls, One of mine was broken (the orange one). I attribute this to very poor packaging, both at the manufacturer and the seller. The breakage of this bowl was entirely avoidable, had they been properly packaged. I thought of sending them back, but I feel like I Would simply wind up with the same situation. It would be nice however, if the seller would either ship me another bowl, or would refund a portion of the purchase price.
Takes for ever contact cooking only, has no convection or thermal characteristics
Good size for the pillows i had to give as a gift, but the bag split before i made it to the shower. Was not great quality and the price made me expect more from it. Was disappointed
It takes at least 3 cycles at 27 min. to raise the level to a count of 3.
when u open the tupper, the cover breaks easily. Gotta do it slowly. definetly not durable, but cheap.
Didn't really provide the effect I had hoped. I make French buttercream frosting and was hoping that this product would allow me to use the standard food coloring in the butter. It did not significantly change the minimal coloring effect achieved with water based food color (AmeriColor brand) in a buttery substrate. Disappointing.
Packaging was nice, but may have some quality control issues, only half of the edge was properly sharp
It doesn't blend ice well. You'll still get large chunks. I feel a $20 blender would do the same job.
It's pretty just ok for me. Size wise you get a mug full out of it. Not recommend for beer. I Don't feel like it plunges down far enough. For one mug of coffee I shouldn't have to put 10 scoops in to it to actually press the coffee. It works, but don't waste your money. Buy a nice one if you intend on using it frequently.
It works. But BEWARE: 1. The entire unit (even white part) gets hot. I use it on a metal surface. It could damage plastic or formica. And it will burn skin. 2. The rubber burner is impossible to get completely clean. Then spills etc become a burnt mess. 3. It takes a long time to cool down.
It lost suction after few months only.
makes too much noise and shakes too much
It worked great for a few days, but recently my daughter has come home with a wet lunch bag where the bottle has begun leaking. She's had another cup in the past and we loved it, but this one is not working for us. I'm unsure as to what went wrong with this one. The only good thing is the water that it does keep in the bottle, remains somewhat cold.
These rip pretty much every time I use them. Just taking a bag out of my recycling bin and taking it out two my outside bin, the bag ripped 3 times. Would not buy again.
Product lasted 5 months before the bearings went bad. Loud noise and violent vibrations when blending. Eventually smoke came from the unit and blades ceased up.
The magnetic backing is not very strong and the finish on the magnets is flat, not glossy which doesn't look very good. I would not buy them to give as thoughts from NYC again.
It's a fine funnel. I just wish they made it in different colors, because dark green doesn't match our kitchen decor. We tried to return it well within the usual 30 day return policy, and got the computer message, "This item isn't eligible for return." So customers should be warned that you can't return this funnel after you've bought it.
I bought the pitcher because it was stylish, and I liked that you could even use it for both hot and cold drinks. Unfortunately, I was stirring orange juice in it with a metal spoon, and the spoon made slight contact with the glass and a little piece of glass broke off the side of the pitcher. Basically, there was a big hole in the pitcher and orange juice spilled all over. What a horrible piece of delicate junk! Don't buy if you are looking for something you want to last or use regularly!
This thing is not as long as the original.
I was very disappointed when these arrived to see that one of the tumblers had already been used and personalized. Two stars because I love the colors.
I have had 2 machines from here with both machines only giving 1/2 cups from the first day. I am very disappointed
The detailing was sloppy. Extremely disappointed. It was for a wedding gift and I didn't have time to exchange them.
Received both of these. Which are very cute. One is damaged. Big bent in cup. Not happy about this. I needed these for the weekend.
This griddle worked great for the first 2 months and then began to burn everything we made; even on the lowest heat setting, it burns the outside of our pancakes while leaving the inside runny. It also recently began shutting off in the middle of cooking. This was a Christmas gift 8 months ago and has been very disappointing overall
Received pack of four (4) not the package of six (6) that I paid for but it took so long to receive I didn't want to fuss with notifying the business
I should've read the other reviews but mine had the same issue as others. The “stainless” steel started rusting along the grain of the metal.
Love the mug unfortunately arrived broken and without the gift card. But reordering
Contigo products are generally not the most cost effective bottles, but are often very well thought out designs that work great at what they do. These bottles originally worked as expected, but over the past couple months have become completely unreliable. The plastic coupler under the flip top no longer keeps the contents sealed in, as it just slips off the spout once folded shut. I could see if it happened to just one, so we discontinued the leaky one, and the next one had the same issue about two months in . Then the third will likely followed suit im assuming, and i will have thrown away my $$. Again, i have multiple other water bottles by Contigo of different design spouts, that have lasted years of daily use. I really expected more.
This only worked for a couple of days, and then I would have to pull the batteries out to pair it again.
It came in dark blue instead of pink but there was no option to choose color so I assumed they were all pink like in the pictures
I got it today, sharpened 4 knives total and then the stones that come with it fell apart. If you get this make sure you buy extras. I'll be getting new ones soon, other than the stones it works great with no issues. Easy Setup And Easy To Use
either i am mashing wrong , but this doesn't mash good
Used this item 2 times; once to try it out to make sure it worked when we received it , was on for about 30 minutes and cooked our hotdogs perfect in about 10-12 minutes. Second time we used it was at one of our functions for a catering party we had, worked great for the first 4 hours, we turned it off because we were at the end of our event... a group of people decided they wanted more hotdogs so we turned it back on and it wouldn't turn on. Super disappointed. Would be a good product if it didn't brake so easily and fast. I wanted to believe that wouldn't be the case when I researched this hotdog roller and reading all the reviews that this was a common occurrence I wanted to still give it a shot because I had hopes the machine would work good for us. I was wrong.
Hard to build not Sturdy
Cheap material, but they get the job done.
These dishes started chipping within 2-weeks of using them. Definitely will never purchase this brand again.
Honestly I dont get why anyone would want these... The cubes seem to freeze and bulge out at the bottom of the tray slightly making them remarkably hard to remove from tray.
The Bowls are nice but the lids are very bad they won't close tightly on the bowls. Very annoying and disappointing.
So nice looking, but lightweight and doesn't heat up water as fast as my old, sturdy Breville
It began rusting under a month. At this rate, Im looking to buy a much better cleaver in a matter of months.
This filter does not filter well. It has to be constantly shaken to get it to filter water. At first it was once every two fills. Then after a month it was after every fill. Now 6 weeks later it is every half fill. Not worth the hassle. We are only a family of 4.
We had 2 of them and finally gave up. This latest one stopped spraying a wide spray and now sprays a solid line, not what you want. Cleaning didn't help. The first one got too close to a pan and melted. OK, that isn't really product's fault but it is just not meant to last for us. Good concept but I think we're done with these.
Very unsteady does not fit short 3 gallon bottles. I don't recommend it at all! Very flimsy
Mine stopped working 9 months after purchase. Until then it worked fine. There's a 1 year warranty BUT only if you register the product within 30 days of purchase which I did not do. So, register your products people. Register your products.
The coffee maker makes very tasty coffee, but the coffee becomes tepid is just a few minutes in the pot. I guess I will go back to a glass pot with hot plate on coffee maker. I like the simple way of its design; not a lot of whistles and bells. I just can't stand coffee that is not hot. I am returning it.
If you like a fast coffee filter (I, like most, prefer a slow one) then this might be for you. Faster = a weaker cup of coffee, obviously. So you either use more coffee (expensive) or settle for less than what you want (disappointing). Either way, you lose.
I am sure they are fine, but they do not fit my KitchenAid refrigerator. Sending it back.
Good idea, but incredibly flimsy. Bottle leaks if left horizontal and pill case constantly slides out when vertical.
Used it about a week and now it wont turn on, even with new batteries. Besides that I loved the scale. I paid too much to keep getting replacements.
Smaller than expected.
While they appear sturdy, the glass is actually paper thin and they break easily.
Doesn't work very well. Lids aren't tight. Water gets in. Egg is had to get out, even if you oil cups. Clean up of cups is terrible.
I'm disappointed that these straws aren't bigger around. The diameter is just a bit too small for my liking. In fact, I more than likely will give them away...
Very disappointed with these plates. Three of them have already chipped after a month - very easily - simply putting them in the sink.
I like the size and simplicity. Unfortunately, I bought these for the whiteboard in my office. It is a glass with metal backing whiteboard and the magnets are not strong enough to hold anything on the whiteboard. I was going to let it go but the persistent Please Rate Me emails lead me to this point...
The lids do not fit the cups. Also, if they did fit there isn't enough lids too match the number of cups. The actual cups are fine, but I purchased because of the lid.
Lovely mixer, except the eject button is quite hard to press. It actually took using both my hands to hold the mixer while pressing the eject button. When the beaters finally ejected, they went flying across my kitchen counter. Thank goodness I was just trying the mixer out; if I had batter on the beaters, I would have had a mess on my hands! Needless to say, this is going back. I will keep on using my old faithful Hamilton Beach mixer I have had for many, many years!
The bag leaks when tipped over. The bag has a zipper at the top and if the bag tips over it will leak. The Zipper is not leakproof and there is no seal at the top that would make it leakproof. The quality otherwise is good if your looking for a partially leakproof bag, but not good if you will put it in a backpack and will not stay upright 100% of the time.
Great concept, but when attempting to use it only hot works and does not turn off. Caused a mess on my counter because it is supposed to auto shut off but kept frothing so it overflowed everywhere when I opened the lid. I got lucky I didn't get burned,
Update Received the replacement toaster. It is slightly better than the previous one. As seen in the pictures, the amount of toasting on setting 2.5 is uneven on both sides. I'm disappointed in Breville as most of their products are quite good. Remedy. I toast on setting 1.5, turn the toast, then once again on setting 1.5. That provides an evenly browned toast on both sides. Original This is to document a failure out of the box. This will be replaced through Amazon. The fault was lack of browning on one side of the bread. One side was very nice and the other lacked sufficient toasting. This fault occurred on both slots.
I ordered what I believed to be a genuine Kenmore water filter. This is not. It is a Sante Branded filter. I installed it anyway and it seems to be working fine but the posting is extremely misleading.
the onions kept sticking to the sides. I had to shake the jar often. The onion was chopped very unevenly. Some were tiny mince others big chunks.... donating to Good Will
Mine barely fell over and now it has a dent..
NOT FOR THE DISHWASHER! They all completely bowed after putting them into the dishwasher and now I'm having to attempt to flatten them back out!
I haven't even had this blender for 3 months and one of the tops completely broke. While I was making a smoothie, the rubber part got stuck in the blender. I cannot even use it anymore. I would like another part asap.
After 6 weeks still has smell, also its peeling on the rim, possibly food grade coating
The molds leak water and result in a spherical cube that has a large flat side. I have resorted to clips for the sides but the molds still leak. Product design is poor, the mold sealing edges should be above the fill port.
Have to pump for a long time to get it to work
I really wanted to like this set. The size is great, the veggie bags are great. But the first trip to the store one of the bags tore. I don't buy a lot at a time given my small space at only used 2 bags and was careful of weight. Sucks because they fold up nice too.
3 so far have ripped at the seam! Not happy
Even though the sticker on the product says 12oz, it's only 8oz.
Looks like a good product. Did not fit my MIL's 30+ year-old tilt-head Kitchen Aid mixer. So just keep age compatibility in mind when considering this product.
Unfortunately, the top doesn't fully attach to the base, causing the top not to be level and unsecured. Its beautiful, but with the instability I can not put a three tier cake on this stand.
It is impossible to put on top to lock position with one person I have to get someone to hold bottom while I twist top. Waste of money for that reason I returned it after trying it for awhile was hoping it would loosen up after using it never did returned and purchased a different one waste of time and money
It doesn't cook evenly and makes an annoying beep when it's done toasting.
It's okay, product as described but it does not heat evenly and the worst part everything sticks to the pan. Even eggs in bacon grease. Going into trash!
This is an adorable and well made item with one major flaw. The top (lid) does not screw on and comes off easily making it impossible to use as a Pineapple Tumbler. Had to return it.
I like the stainless steel makes it look nice, well packaged, the gloves are a nice touch, but I only used it once and tried to fry some fries however they came out soggy and not cooked. First I preheated and let the oil get warm for 30 minutes,then 45 minutes and lastly an hour. Did not work. Tried to contact the seller but no reply.
I have ordered several cookie cutters from Ann Clark this week, a baby shower set and a bee hive, which came in a box and are lovely and in perfect condition. Today I received a hexagon shape, shipped in only a bag and was very disappointed that it had been misshapen and bent when I removed it from the bag. I bent it back, but it looks slightly wonky, and wish it had been shipped with more care.
The plate was way too small. The chalice was crooked. I would not recommend.
With royal icing it was a royal blue. With Swiss buttercream it turned purple. Not good
I'm using this for a party tomorrow and I'm hoping it'll hold candy and give the kids a couple hits. Arrived with holes in the bottom that I'll have to tape. The shape is horrible though and came in a huge box so I was hoping it wouldn't be deflated like it is. Disappointed. But if it doesn't hold candy later, I'm returning.
I use it to heat water. I have to use it every day.
You have to cut the pacifiers out and put tape on the back of each one. Not good when you are trying to set up quickly for a party
the pieces look like they were beautiful, 100's of pieces. I don't have a printer to print a return shipping label but I did see this week that kohls will do return shipping to Amazon for free (30 miles away from me) I can't comment on the size
I like to use the smaller one and I used it then placed it in the dishwasher. I ran the dishwasher the following day and the knife came out rusted and I can no longer use it. This set was not worth the money if they rust after one use.
The mug looks very stylish and nice, but it leaks unless it is held perfectly upright and it's also pretty awkward to hold.
The plastic closure is really hard to slide on and the bag doesn't seal well at the end
Fell apart first time I used it
meh is all I can say
Stuck them all in the dishwasher only to find out they are not dishwasher friendly! But then again if the writing on the boxes wasn't all in Chinese I couldn't read the Do Not Wash In The Dishwasher warning! Lesson learned! 😩
Broke after 7 months. Used only about once per week. Loved it while it lasted. So disappointed because when it worked I thought it was perfect.
This blender is okay, not great at all. I feel that the company's main marketing on this product is the sound sheild technology (which is not that great) to distract you from the sucky blending technology. It takes so long to actually get smoothies to the smooth consistency I like, and I'm always having to open it up and stir it every 10 seconds because it gets stuck. There are always chunks, I'm sick of chewing my smoothies. If you're looking for a quick blend, look elsewhere. There are definitely some other products out there that do a much better job for the same price.
I bought these specifically because I wanted dishwasher safe reusable water bottles. These can be put in the dishwasher but they start to peel after the first wash. They looked terrible after the first week. The color is peeling off.
Pretty good tasting coffee but two gripes one of which might be concerning. First the carafe is on the small end holding only 8 cups. The carafe design also makes it difficult to pour without spilling when it's full. Have tried for about a week now with no luck so have a rag handy. The second and more concerning issue is the reservoir is easy to overfill as the reservoir design makes it difficult to see the water level. I would suggest measuring the water in the carafe and then pouring it into the reservoir. The concerning thing is my wife filled it using a Britta pitcher and probably put in about 10 cups and when the maker transitioned from heating to brewing the maker kept popping the GFCI outlet. Moved it to a different outlet as I was thinking the outlet might have been overly sensitive. This GFCI outlet blew as well. After I dumped the water out and let it dry it worked fine but that is concerning as far as a shock hazard is concerned
They must have used my package as a football. One of the metal lids was dented and the whole frame/stand is warped. Just have to deal with it cause I'm not going to pack it all back up to send it back
Hi, I wanted to let you know that one of my mug handle is broken and I don't want to send the other 3 back to get just one replace, what should I do,,Thank you
Disappointed by the wrapping --negates the purpose of the paper plate purchase.
Despite being made of sturdy material they are way smaller than what the seller presented them as. Says 5x7 when in fact the part where the food can actually sit is more like 2x4. You can't fit anything substantial in there, much less the giant burger and fries depicted. Very disappointed now I have to buy more. Not what I expected. Wish I would have read the reviews before buying. Not worth it to return.
I had already read at least one review in which they warned that the knives had rusted. I still wanted to try, so I bought them. but unfortunately the same thing happened to me, at the first wash at least one rust. Case that never happened to my previous set of knives that cost me half the price. I do not give it a star because I did not treat them at all yet, so I can not say that they do not work, I can only say that they are not very sharp. I could practically say that they are just like any other set of knives. this experience makes me understand that for the next time i will invest a little more to ensure a better product.
I expected the size to be much bigger.
this pan made my apartment fill with smoke and my eyes were burning. I opened my door put my fan on high and turned the heat off on the stove. Still my eyes were stinging. I read the instructions that cane with it- did not mention this pan needs a commercial exhaust system or to be used outside only.
Worked fine but rusted after one use. bad quality.
Does not work properly
I have a Kitchen Aide stand mixer which as most people agree is the work horse of all mixers. I have a Black and Decker hand mixer I have had for 20+ years and although it is still working great I thought I should probably get another one because it could die at any time because it is so old. I bought this mixer thinking that if my stand mixer is so well made and has a lot of power then this hand mixer has to be the best-NOT!!!!!!!!! I am totally disgusted with this piece of junk!!!! It is all plastic and the little bit of power is lame!! My old mixer had a power boost-this one does not but it seriously needs one!! The controller on top is a pain- you turn on the mixer and then you have to hit a rubber button over and over until you get your speed. If you have to turn it off to add ingredients,scrape the bowl etc. you turn it on again it starts on low again so you have to use this button and bump up the speed- the rubber button will wear out before the mixer (maybe). I am glad I didn't get rid of my old mixer!!!! Does anyone want a free mixer?????!!!
It's stylish and water taste great but it leaks when drinking from it and it's hard to drink from the straw. Will return.
This bag is easy to fill, because it has a gusset and a wide mouth. It's also roomy. It holds almost six cups. The zipper-lock closure let me seal it easily the first time or two that I used it. It didn't leak at all. But now that I've used it once or twice, I can no longer get it sealed, even though I washed it in water that wasn't very hot. My husband can't seal it, either. It goes into the landfill, I'm afraid.
Does not meet my expectations. I would suggest that people look a bit more before buying. The switch on the front works intermittently and unless you are someone who would use an opener really often you may not notice it right away.We only have wine occasionally and only tonight tried to use it without a lot of success. I ended up getting most of the cork out but had to take it the rest of the way out by hand.
Cute jars, but the description states they are Ball Wide Mouth., They are not wide mouth jars at all!! They're not even a regular mouth. I can not use them for the project I need to use them for. And I don't have time to fine the right jars for the project. I'm going to have one very disappointed seven year old.
the right door came in smash i call popcorn place up they said they will get one its been almost 2 months can you do something about it you do sell there products i will like this very much
I ordered these shot glasses because a friend had them and thought they would be cool to have. So I ordered the glasses for a party and was so excited when they arrived only to be disappointed when nearly half had holes in them and couldn't be used.
I've had this crockpot for 4 months now. It has started making really loud popping noses during the cooking process, which increase with frequency the longer something cooks. If I could, I'd return it and get something else. Disappointed.
Don't last enough to reuse much
This mandolin is very small. I had to return it. I use it for mainly for slicing potatoes and eggplant but this unit was far too smal for that.
They placed a label on the inside of the pan with glue that will not come off with multiple repeated washing, soaking in hot water. Very disappointed.
The straws are cute and sturdy, but I bought these for bubble tea and because they don't have a point on the end you can't break the plastic on the top of the cup without getting tea everywhere
Much smaller than I expected
I so wanted to like this glass but the flaw is that it's made of such thin glass that an ice cube being dropped in it from the top of the glass popped a round piece of glass to break out, right where it's midriff is. It was thin enough feeling that I was almost afraid to use it & it looks as though I shouldn't have. But I didn't realize it was no more than a novelty item.
All other molds are too big....
plastic poor quality, images are not representative of the true feel and look of the product.
The handle of 2 out of the 6 mugs were broken! Had to return the package....the mugs were only wrapped in paper and packed in a box. I have seen many unnecessarily excessive packaging for other non-breakable products, and I don't understand why packaging for breakable fragile products is so skimpy.
i thought they were larger
While I reading its function before buying it, it seems pretty easy to use and the SOME positive review made me buy it. After using it my knife was not sharp at all. I really don't know what I was doing wrong because there is no instruction included. I just follow the description here but it didn't work. I know that it is cheap and I should manage my expectations when buying cheap items, but buying something that barely works is something else. There goes my $18.99
I like these dishes except it did not take long before at least one of the sides not to stay clamped shut on the lid. I don't like the fact that the rubber seals are removable because those types seem hard to shut (which these lids are) and they get lost. The dish itself are fine I am just having problems with the lids.
It is a well made, seemingly airtight box, but not for bread. It is way too narrow. Check the dimensions before purchasing.
Too big and bulky very thin
I think this is the first review that I've ever written, but I have to let everyone know that the utensils are very smelly. Like, so smelly that I might not be able to use them. I'm crossing fingers that they'll be better after airing them out for a day.
Stopped working after about 2 months of light use.. It would not pump water from reservoir. I liked the ice that it made when it made ice.
Broke after about 4 months for me. Great while it worked. Powerful and easy to clean..... Just stopped working was all.
Item arrived bent in the middle across the center. It's still usable doesn't get as good a seal as it should. Disappointed.
When I received my storage containers 5 of them had cracks in the lids that affected their ability to close correctly and I had to throw them away
The previous version of this was better made, but the new one is garbage.
These things do NOT release ice cubes unless you work on them for 2-3 minutes each tray. Huge pain in the ass. But, the cubes are cool when they do come out.
Stand came broken. I was emailing 2 different people from this company as they asked about experience. Thought I was getting a replacement stand, but haven't heard back since. Disappointing. Knifes on other hand are fantastic
The holder came with all the parts, but NO INSTRUCTIONS!
I understand that these knives are not designed for dishwashers, but I have had a mixed set of very similar knives from two of the big name manufacturers that I have washed in the dishwasher for years with no problems. I always take care to remove solids from the knife promptly and give it a quick initial scrub before putting into dishwasher. I've had that prior set of ~10 knives for 8+ years and they are only now starting to show small rust spots. This knife unfortunately showed a rust spot after a single use/wash.
Very hard to get apart, but work fine once you do.
These forks are ridiculously small. I needed a quick fix because my silverware seems to be disappearing and the size is such a disappointment. My current set was a quick buy maybe from World Market and not expensive but I have to admit, SO much better. These feel like pretty plasticware due to how light weight and small they are. Wouldn't buy again.
doesn't stay frozen long enough
It is a lot smaller than I expected. I should have paid attention to the measurements. It says it will replace my regular ice cube trays and save space. LOL, the cubes it makes are about the size of my thumb.
Love the color, shape, and size of this mug and it keeps my tea nice an warm while I'm at work....BUT the lid has developed a crack all the way through the middle with minimal use. I bought this in November so a bit disappointed to be having an issue with it already :-(
These are fine for cold food use. I've put them through the dishwasher several times and didn't have a problem with the color coming off. I put warm chicken on one to cut it up and the coloring melting off all over the chicken.
cheap lil tarp like thing. does turn red with water but its like construction paper
These smell horrendous and made my house reek and the pump did not work.
This is the cheapest feeling pan ever. It came completely bent even though the shipping box wasn't damaged at all. Meaning it was bent before it was even packaged. It's super thin material. Not at like my other bundt pans.
I love how these look and they are nice and thick; unfortunately, the condensation is not absorbed. It made the glass stick to the coaster several times. I was able to catch it the first few times, but on the last one, when I lifted the glass, the coaster was attached and then fell to the ground and cracked.
Had this for all of 3 weeks before the cord completely pulled out and no longer retracts. Have tried fixing but always ends up the same way.
if something spills inside it will leak if you don't clean it right away, not as roughed it says
Glass is nice but bullets fall out easily
Sorry to DASH your hopes here. I normally don't buy until I have a good sense of the product, and after reading the reviews and looking at the design, I said why not? The positive -- I love the idea. Single cup coffee meets blender to produce single blend smoothie in a stainless insulated travel container. Wow. Wish the base was black though, so it would've matched my other Dash products -- their larger blender and an egg cooker. The negative -- the blade cover uses a silicon o ring to seal with the container and it comes of too easily and did so without warning. On our fourth day of use, the o ring came loose during blending and decided to wrap and ruin itself on the blades. Good thing I noticed the very different sound and the immediate leak, lest the motor might have burned out. Now, I have a nice looking machine that is no longer functional. No o ring, no seal, no blender. Shucks.
Did not keep the avocado fresh. Avocado still needed to be eaten within 2 days.
I ordered this for my mother for Mother's Day. She LOVED this machine the first month but has had nothing but problems with it for the last 4 months. It leaks while brewing and it doesn't even turn on sometimes. Now, it won't even turn on at all for her to make her cappuccino. Extremely disappointed that I spent this much money for something to break less than 6 months later. NOT WORTH THE MONEY!
The cups glow well, but I did not receive the four colors it said. Only pink and green. Disappointed, but at least they look good under black light.
I really like these nails. They fit perfect and look great. They are not thin like other false nails. They are very sturdy. Only thing is they do not provide nail glue. They just provide sticky nail bonding strips. I used my own nail glue. Which I recommend. But I love these nails will be ordering again for my vacation. Update: I have bought these nails three times now. Each time I have been able to keep this nails on for almost a month. I will not buy any other false nails after using this one. I only wish they had other colors. But I just ordered the nails again. They sent me a different type that is thinner and not as durable. I am very disappointed & I will not be purchasing again.
They were super cute but did not float well at all. Maybe because they are top heavy.
Flimsy handles; they bend just holding a cup of sugar. I do a lot of baking. These are getting donated ASAP.
It was nice and big, but I had it home for less than 10 minutes before the zipper stuck. After I finally got it opened up and packed, I tried to close it and the zipper actually broke. I bought one for my boyfriend and will be returning it upon it's arrival.
Not sure what I expected for the price. But these are made of the flimsiest steel I would imagine is available. Tossed the entire set after 3 came apart in the dishwasher. The little spot welds don't hold up.
I thought the egg holder portion was non-stick but sadly no. Not as easy to clean as I had expected.
Great colors. Unfortunately came out of the box with wear through the color.
Very large containers, almost too large to fill for an average person. The biggest problem is I couldn't get the kids to actually stay on. They kept popping off and I couldn't trust them to pack for lunch 😔
Too small! Should be larger to cover more area. Good material just cheated out of size.
Although this personal blender is easy to use and clean, it makes a huge mess. As you can see from the picture, it leaks from the top seams so the actual base gets dirty. The leaking started happening AFTER the return window closed, so I guess I'm stuck with a faulty blender top.
Wood was peeling off. Returned it.
One cap is working fine, but the second one completely broke the first time I tried to use it.
I like the designs but was disappointed that this is just normal, high-quality Hallmark wrapping paper printed to have the look of actual kraft paper. So it's good wrapping paper but it's not what it's represented to be.
alot thinner than i thought they would be *update: sticks very bad and makes a pure mess. downgrade to 1star.
Used this kettle daily, love the fact cord not connected to kettle, bought it Dec 2016 and stopped working this morning. I'm assuming for the price that's it for the longevity of the product, but I also have a different brand inexpensive kettle I use at work daily, and that has lasted over 5 years. It's not nearly as cute and user friendly as the ovente but I do like products that are a bit longer lasting.
Get what you pay for. It's very small. Should have checked measurements but I was in a hurry also very light and cheap feeling. Disappointed it would cost $6 to return or I would. Very unhappy.
Got this fan for my SO as a Christmas gift. It worked great for just over 3 months then died. Conveniently it died just after the warranty expired. Disappointment.
The handle will not stay up; it falls over into the hot pan every time. I have to use a fork to skewer it and hold it up against the side of the pan. The ring gets very hot so trying to hold it while cooking isn't an option either. There was slight seepage under the ring when I poured a fresh egg into it so it doesn't really seal completely on the hot pan.
I have been needing a cookie swivel and my husband bought this for me for Christmas. It does not easily turn. I have not been able to use it how I need to, so it was a waste of money.
I can't figure out why, but these dishes seem to impede the cooking of food in my microwave. Cooking in the microwave is the entire reason I bought them. I have some Corningware, and food in that Corningware cooks twice as fast.
Works ok but won't connect to WiFi. Very irritating, called customer service and they were no help at all.Going to return it...
It has a very cheap Finnish but it's ok for holding forks spoons and knives
They will not stay sealed on the cans. The edge will pop up and drink loses its fizz. Sometimes can will collapse when u r trying to push down on it.
Bought this vacuum sealer without research since I am very happy with another Cosori product-air fryer. From the very beginning auto seal was tricky to use. Two weeks later the unit started to take over 2 minutes to auto seal. After sending it back and ordering a sealer from another company I saw that Cosori sealer didn't work properly from the very beginning. By the way, when I called the company the customer service didn't even know that they make this product. However still would recommend their air fryer.
I am very disappointed in this item. First thing suction would not hold on my corian counter top.... should have easily. Second, peeler only peels about half the apple and the final thing , the handle fell off!. It is not secured when screwed on!
Zipper broke within 5 months of very light use.
Not impressed. They are for huge dogs and one for teacup dog
not worth normal price let alone their over priced amount. They were too small for anything and any type of use I could think of. Waste of money.
Worked ok while it lasted, but one day it just stopped working, 2 weeks after the warranty expired. Pros: Very powerful Cons: Loud and you need to push quite hard to operate it.
After the first use there was a white residue on a large area of the roasting pan. Cannot get remove no matter what I try. Appears to be in the metal.
They serve a purpose but they are very thin. Make sure after you put dishes in this & put them on a shelf that they are not moved much. Very little protection to dishes being chipped.
the glass is too thin. I returned it as there was nit way with cleaning inside or using it that it would not be fragile.
Ineffective at cooling your whiskey. Back to ice for me. Should have listened to other reviewers here.
It came with scratch on it and with the same part twice. They want you to resend it back how. U won't buy this again.
They're decently made, but a little on the large, clumsy side to use. The tines of the fork are too large for many foods, and the knife is so thick and dull, I can barely use it... Nice idea, but not so great implementation...
I like that these are easy to store and save room in the kitchen compare to all the plastic vessels currently filing up the kitchen drawers. I like that there are ziplocks instead of lids. However the ziplocks are undependable and break open or leak. so that pretty much makes a good idea useless.
Mug arrived broken returned never received a new one
Mashed pretty well, but the handle is really sharp and hurts your hand.
This 11 cup water picture is a terrible design, as reviews from others say the lid does'nt seem to fit right and you really have to watch it when pouring water as it runs all over the counter and the floor. I wish i would have listened to the reviews as they were very right on with this design. It happens many times not just once or twice. I had a large Pur water filter before and we liked it well, but this is nothing like it at all. I would not buy this again nor would I recommend it to anyone. I would choose another brand. The water does taste good after a few times through the filter.
One already broke and I can see the other one won't last long
The paint chips off of these immediately. There are a few in my bundle that aren't painted that work great!!
I got this for my friend and It came without the gold spoon, I reach out to the seller to see if they will send me out a gold spoon separately.
I received this item today. It's a birthday present for Saturday and the box it came in is damaged and collapsed in. I can't give someone a present that looks like this. Very disappointed.
Build quality is good however it does not hold heat very well and that's the main reason why we bought it.
The colors of the fiesta tortilla warmers were vibrant and awesome. I loved the idea of having three. The plastic seemed very durable. The reason for two stars: The kids seemed to go very far into the container making little room for the tortillas. I returned these because one of the container was deformed and the lid would not fit the container. Wish they would have worked.
Arrived torn from the plastic ring - unable to return.
Worked ok at first but motor died pretty easily and had to be thrown out
I plugged it in and it never worked. i returned it and got my money back.
I love the look of the grinder but it really sucks to grind with. The screen is attached to the teeth so when u grind it just gets stuck in the teeth instead of falling thru to the next level. The very fine powder does go thru. So I'm just putting it with my skull collection and calling it good.
Not a damn one reads the same...
Definitely NOT spillproof, but fine as a straw cup
I loved my icecream maker - until it started malfunctioning after only a few uses! It soon broken and I have yet to be able to get it replaced!
Doesn't work like a wok should
this product is A small one. also,some smell inside the pot. maybe, i just not get the right one.
The little box arrived broken..and it was a gift for the next day. :(
It's so pretty but unfortunately the quality was not good.
I had a defective screw that had no ridges so it was unusable... The longer shelf came with a damaged corner....
One wrong move and it's broke! lasted a whole 2 weeks
The product seems sturdy and nice, but the lid was cracked. Needs better packaging. Returning for a refund.
Some of the popcorn did not pop causing some of it to burn. Handles are way too hot to hold onto to get out of microwave. Also directions do not specify what temp to put microwave on when cooking. Figured out that if you push the popcorn button on microwave twice, that works the best.
I was looking for a soup spoon. This is neither a soup spoon nor a teaspoon. Is somewhere in-between. Whatever it is, I do not believe it is a true soup spoon size by most peoples definition.
This Patty maker worked well in making hamburger and corned beef hash patties, however the seals for the storage containers didn't seal well especially when used in the freezer. Not only that, but the containers themselves were rather ridged, making it a chore to remove the patties. Lucky for me they were inexpensive and I threw the containers out, except for one which I use it to form patties which I Store in freezer bags.
VERY TINY. NOT SURE I WILL EVER USE IT.
Cheap. Top broke within a week when only the top it was dropped onto the floor. The plastic is very brittle. Very noisy, and poorly designed. I ordered another chopper within a month.
Sprayer part sticks sometimes!
Much too thin...plastic rather than rubber!
Worked great the first few months but after about 4 months the lid stopped closing and would open while the coffee was brewing and would spill out of the coffee maker.
These are GORGEOUS! Heat resistant! Easy to clean! But useless! They're HUGE! I'd never use the two largest. Even the smallest is too heavy, too bulky, to be useful. I wish I had a video of me trying to flip pancakes with the big round turner. It was quite funny. It felt like...trying to use a garden shovel to scoop up some sugar? Not a great analogy, but can't think of a better one! I always read Reviews, and several comments did mention they were B-I-G, but I bought them because they're SO attractive & had such a high overall approval.
Missing the scope and the black stopper that goes on the top. If you drink 3-4 cups get the bigger size. Plus it great for guests.
I received a different item. I am going to keep it, but I ordered this one that is mate finished, and I received one all shine made of different material
I got the pot and used it. It worked fine, but they forgot to send the spoons with it.
When I first started using the pan I thought it was the most amazing thing ever. Eggs slid right out of the pan. Fast forward 2 months and everything sticks to the pan, and gets baked in and turns black and crusty. Eggs don't slide out even if you put some sort of oil in the pan. End up scraping everything out.
Not sealed. Shampoo leaked all over and the conditioner was half full. Not authentic product or diluted product
Took me about 40 minutes to screw on the wand. And even then, its about to come off if I might pull too hard. So no use in having second wand for fear of not being able to put either back on. The attached wand is so very wobbly despite manufacturers instructions of holding it while starting it... should not have to do that. I will be returning. My search for the best milk frother continues.
I thought the whole point here is to set eggs to boil and then leave the kitchen, to wrangle my toddler, but this egg cooker has a NONSTOP very loud, grating, annoying beep at the end. It will go on for ever. It sounds like the house alarm. Returning it!
A good grinder with a very significant flaw. If it didn't have the flaw it would be a 4 or 5 star product, it only gets 2 stars because it can be fixed. I had my first grinder replaced for free and without question. However the replacement grinder did not last long. This is because the charging port breaks. The charging port is more deeply recessed then it should be so you can't use most other micro USB cables, only the one they include (which is very short). But more over the charging port has two metal tabs on the side of it that are deeply recessed. After time the tabs either get bent inwards and/or the port shifts its angle slightly and when you insert it the charger will bend the tabs. Once this happens you can no longer charge the grinder making it useless. This is poor design on an otherwise fine grinder. This problem can be fixed by using something very thin and stiff, I used a very small hex wrench. Using it I could unbend the tabs and force the charging port back into alignment. I don't know how many times this can be done, but you are probably risking breaking the charging port. If they would simply move the charging port to the standard depth and put some reenforcement around it to keep it from rotating they could probably fix this issue. If it needs to be recessed that deeply for some reason then they should simply use a more robust custom charging port since you can't use a standard micro USB charger for it anyway.
I am not completely sure if this was fault of the vendor or more fault of the Amazon distribution center & their awful packaging skills. Cups were bent & mashed, lids out of shape. One stack of the lids was actually shoved down into the cups as if the package had been opened and lids fell out and put back inside carelessly. Cute cups, but I will not buy these again due to the way they were packaged.
Don't use a spoon to stir in the pot or it will break. I'm convinced that these pots are designed to be broken and replaced. These decanters are the money makers for the company otherwise they would be made differently.
Wasnt was worth buying
Does not make a clean cut. Blades are not sharp enough.
We are very disappointed. We bought a "good" (so we thought) peppermill. It worked for awhile, but now doesn't, and we missed the window for sending it back. Guess the name Peugeot doesn't mean what we thought it did. It is very difficult to select the grind, and it doesn't come out when you do get it there.You cannot fill it very full. Junk for $42.
It is very difficult to switch to a different measurement unit when using this scale. Sometimes I have to push the unit button several times for up to 30 seconds to get it to switch to the next measurement. This is very frustrating when trying to measure out multiple items for my meals. I was hoping this scale was going to work out, very disappointed.
This containers alone will not keep your food warm. I bought this for my daughter to use for her school lunch. After it being in her lunch bag for 4 hours, the food wasn't really warm. It's not going to keep heat like a yeti product. It's metal, but not like that by any means.
Of the three bowls that I had at home, they all were defective. The glazing had pits and runs. The design border at the top was indistinguishable because the glazing was globby and filled in the detail. It was a nice size and I like the oval shape. I love my Mikasa Italian Countryside place settings, but these bowls were definitely of inferior quality compared to the place settings. They all went back. So disappointing.
Granddaughter was super excited, ripped open the plastic and quickly open the two compartments, then said where's the thermos? So I checked out the other one I bought as well, didn't have thermos either! Though both of them had instructions on how to care for the thermos! She loved how cute it was, now I have to break her heart and send them back.
I usually never write reviews, I'm that unhappy with this product... In this case you get what you pay for , cheap material and bad machining. Threads are off terribly, no O rings, it gets stuck to where you can't open it and four teeth broke off within the first two uses. The only reason I have it at two was because of how cheap it is and how nice it looks.
I'm sure they would be much better if they didn't come in a big smashed bag...
Too small, and tapered, which allows heat to escape out of the top. Spills easily, and the glass chips along the rim.
the beer with this adapter on pours to much head.. I thought it was supposed to correct that problem. it did not.
There is no way to turn the power on/off on this timer. What a waste of batteries! And what a pain in the a$# to put the battery in and out each time I make tea. I would not recommend this product.
Good for snacks, but it leaves the bread off sandwiches dry.
I'm missing lower rack. It wasn't in the box. Manufacturers Specifications say double rack and 3 rack level. Only got one rack in box.
I just received mine a few days ago & so far haven't been able to successfully froth eggnog or whole milk. Admittedly I didn't pump so much as people here are saying (because I have another, older one that worked with just a few pumps). I also was only filling it a quarter full. Any advice?
My item was delivered on time but very disappointed that the complimentary samples were not included in this box.
Not very heavy duty. If you have kids, this isn't what you want.
I had bought this mirror on May 2017 and it's no longer working. It didn't last a year! Very disappointed.
I bought this to manufacture honey straws. I had seen many examples of people using impulse sealers to do that, so I knew that the machines should be more than capable of doing that. Not this one. It worked for 15 minutes really well, then I hard to start turning it up. Finally I replaced the heating element and tape. Same thing, I got another 15 minutes. I kept it clean between each cycle. It might be good for an occasional seal job on a storage bag, but is absolute garbage for my needs. I guess you get what you pay for.
Wood is not completely smooth, can feel several areas of roughness and splintering. Def could have used more attention to sanding. The wooden lid is not measured properly and does not fit symmetrically and is noticeably shorter on one side than the other. See how the left side has more 'edge'? Ceramic part seems nice enough. But the flaw of the lid is hard to be overlooked. Will be returning this.
I bought four and two of the four were leaking water from a rip in the bottom. There were the first time they were used and were placed in the back of a truck. They did help protect the kegs from the warm elements but I don't know how much insulation the bag provided based off the speed the ice melted in. I wouldn't buy again for the money as I'll continue to use them simply because I have them until they wear out.
Nice design, but it was broken when it arrived. Packaging seemed fine.
Very disappointed. Not what I expected at all. Had to return same day I received it. Grill looks much larger in picture than it actually is. You can only cook about 3 burgers at a time and only 3 pieces of bacon at a time. My small 4 serving George Foreman grill has more space than this one. Nice looking grill tho. Especially loved that you could cook waffles on it. But for the cooking space you get you would be better off buying a waffle iron and getting a larger grill. Grill is not large enough for a family of 4.
The handle is way to long and will not fit most drink holders. I have others that work great on the older cups but not many choices out there for the new Rtic cups.
Disappointed. The slots are narrow - good enough for basic white bread. And even on max heat, toast barely browns.
The build is flimsy and cheap plastic. I ordered Red Color, it was not anywhere near the color as it appears and the tray took too much effort to go in. Even after that, there is so much gap and does not fit in as you would expect. This is a great size but cooking power is not great. I returned the unit as it was defective but the seller came back saying there is no defect in the unit and I had to settle for a big restocking fee.
The gaskets are slightly too small which makes it difficult to install. Risk of cutting your fingers with the nutribullet blade trying stretch out and slide them into place
My girlfriend ordered a Happy Tiffin a few years ago and the finish and fit is excellent. I am almost curious if the product sold here is a knock-off. Like some of the other reviewers have noted, the fit is rather poor (definitely not air tight) and the inside of the top lid looks like it is maybe not even food grade. Unlike hers there is no logo stamped on the bottom, and in general just looks like a much lower quality product. I also notice the Happy Tiffin products here on Amazon are not for sale from Happy Tiffin's website. The package also arrived just rattling around in a cardboard box with just a few inflatable packaging pillows, so that might have contributed to it having a slightly bent lid. I'm planning to return this as it wholly missed my expectations for quality.
This did not fit my kitchenaid mixer at all. Very disappointed.
The weed constantly gets stuck! But if you get it out it'll grind it up really good
These are flimsy light duty pans nothing like the heavy duty pan that came with my toaster oven.
Product is nice but delivery was very poorly handled. This was a new year office gift that I paid for one day delivery and got if after more than a week later. I contacted Amazon and there service was as bad. I learned my lesson. NEVER trust anything from Amazon specially gifts.
this container is simply not airtight. The problem comes from the metal part I believe. Won't recommend
It's not good as i thought it will be. It's hard to clean, and you cannot pout too much food.
So sorry to say that I should have believed the other reviewers when they said that it easily chips. I wanted to believe otherwise but this literally chipped when I placed on a drying rack. I mean, how careful can you be? I used wooden utensils and hand washed but it chipped when I placed it to dry. That's just not practical.
On the pitcher the ratio to water results in weak coffee flavor. The cylinder (for the grounds) too easily detaches from the spout section. The rubber base too easily falls off the pitcher base.
Dinner plates are way to small.
This was purchased with the idea of being able to see food cooking without lifting the lid. Since I already have a glass lid that works, I thought this one would be the same. However, the glass steams up and defeats the purpose. The vent hole is clear. I tried putting olive oil on the underside of the glass but that made no difference. Is there a trick to keeping the glass clear during cooking?
I've never had a good outcome baking with this machine. I use pre bought mixes and follow the instructions, but my bread doesn't fully rise. The crust doesn't darken and I always use the gluten free option for health reasons. I'm going to try one more time before dumping the machine. I wish I had bought a mess expensive machine.
My first and last time I used this product, I made a stew that boiled on the lowest setting.
These were sold by a third party seller that just ordered them on Walmart.com and shipped them to me. I paid over twice what Walmart.com charges.
The ice coffee setting does not work properly. It barely puts out enough coffee for a shot glass reguardless of the serving size it is set on. The regular and rich brew setting works great.
Scraper too hard, no flexibility which makes it difficult to scrape & the edge is too thick. Not what I was looking for.
When my flask came in the mail, the first thing I noticed was a sharp dent in the box. I first thought those pesky delivery drivers threw my package around but then I opened it up to inspect the flask. It's not really what I was hoping, the flask has scratch marks and it's probably been used and returned. I'd say the product I recieved was in a well worn condition and it even had some punctured holes on the American flag which I found it to be really disappointing. I don't know, it's my first time buying a flask and I'm certainly less enthusiastic about getting one through online now.
Steel seems to be good quality, but fit and finish is terrible for the price point. We have to get them resharpened and beveled by a professional. The edge is sharp out of the box, but the bevels are all over the place, with chipping and tiny edge at the handle and a massive bevel at the point on every single knife. The handle scales are not finished smooth to the Tang and there is a big gap and chip out of the chef knife, which is the most important one! Still fine knives but for the price the quality control on these is horrendous. I wouldn't recommend these at this price.
I loved it more than any other electric pan I had ever had but then it just stopped working! Easy to clean. Does not burn or overheat in one area or spots like others I have had. Want another - hope they will replace it.
A bit of a disappointment to me. Flimsy and thin. It's a nice color though. On the upside though, it does do the job it's intended for.
When received product it was bent and has a chip on the side.
It is cute, but the opening appears to be too small to actually open a bottle.
Cheaply made and I won't buy these again...I guess you only get what you pay for....
Make sure to dump it right away because if you don't and let it sits on your counter, you would have a lot of fruit flies flying around your house! It also smells. WASTED my MONEY!
It does not stay inflated and there is no refunds. This is most disappointing.
This mug is absolutely adorable but the mug cracked as I poured hot water into it. This happened the first time I used it, so now I'm left with a Hello Kitty spoon.
A bit disappointed that the gel packs don't keep the food cold very long with it sitting in the office environment.
Save your money. It does nothing for cast iron cookware. Just buy a stainless steel scrubbie. They're cheap and work much better.
I didn't find these Durable. I ended up throwing them away after each use because they cracked and broke during Washington process. The lids didn't fit that well either.
They fit is about the only positive thing I can write about these screens or this company. I'm on to my second pair right now and having to pay $30 each time is painful.
It grinds the herb well, but it all stays in the top chamber and doesn't get pushed into the chamber below
Lol thanks for not including the necessary straw to blow it up.
Not worth the price.....
Did not keep my avocado from browning at all. It's a cute container, but that's about it
While putting it in the garbage can it ripped apart on the union of the bag
I can not figure them out. Seemed cool but everything sticks to them no matter what I try.
It can't handle really tight lids or jars that flare just below the rim. It works fine on jars that I can open without it so it helps my wife with those. Also, the action is (by design) unstoppable until it runs it's course. There's no "stop now, darn it" release and reset. It was kind of scary watching it try to grip the jar and then gradually twisting itself off. We were worried it would break the glass. Anyway, we'll keep it.
It's difficult to clean and not worth the headache honestly. The shape is more oval too so it doesn't make the round eggs I was looking for
I liked the colors and the price, but they were not worth the price. The lids did not fit snug, and they popped off way to easy. Dishwasher safe, but top rack only, and they do not fit my dishwasher's top rack. Only used one and would have returned them except the return time expired before I got that done.
I think I used it a couple times then threw it away. It got dirty/greasy right away and I never could get it clean. Not impressed with this product.
the problem is the lit head also known as the (cherry) will constantly fall off while smoking which in dangers you and your smoking environment. In short It makes a Great Looking Cigarette- But not a safe one--
Only got half a can of fuel with this kit. No wonder everyone is complaining about it running out! I've bought sterno before and the cans are usually full almost to the top. This is Ridiculous. Other than that the base is made of plastic and if you keep the screen on it takes forever to cook one marshmallow so we took it off almost immediately. Save yourself the money and just buy the refill cans and set them on a hunk of wood to save the table and cook marshmallows over those.
The door does not seal all the way. There is a gap between the top of the door and the fridge when the door is closed. Thus it gets 1 star for efficiency since it is always leaking cold air. This also leads to the annoying problem of lots of moisture getting in a forming a huge ice block around the freezer. You have to constantly be removing this ice, or it'll seal shut the freezer compartment. This ice chunk will melt and make a huge puddle if you unplug the fridge without first removing the ice, or if it loses power.
The main thing about a dish rack is that it comes in contact with water. And when you make a dish rack with very cheap metal, you get rust. And rust and more rust. And when your dish rack rusts, then you're going to get rust on your clean dishes. You do not want to be eating rust. It's a nice design, but fails to effectively serve its main purpose.
So I'm not the most gentle person on the planet, but these may be! I put them in a water wash bin with another garage an ping! shot. :-(
The handle broke off after 2 months.
I BOUGHT THIS SLOW COOKER BUT HAVE BEEN DISAPPOINTED. WHEN YOU TAKE OUT THE STONEWARE POT FROM THE BASE TO PUT IN FRIDGE THE TOP DOES NOT FIT CORRECTLY.
This worked, but glass feels fragile. I had to re-edit this review. The glass looks cool and all but the frothing doesn't work well. The milk is still cold.
Less than one year old. The drip has stopped working and the coffee overflows from the top and spills over everywhere. Was a great coffee maker but hasn't lasted very long.
The product was as expected however it came in a garbage bag all tangled up and twisted. Would not recommend buying from this site unless your don't mind wasting your time to untangle. Not happy....huge pain!
Excellent quality, especially for the price. However, it takes forever to grind even a small amount of beans. I simply don't have 30 minutes to commit to hand grinding my beans, plus the repetitive motion and endurance required is hard on the wrist and arm.
It was much smaller than it looks on line
I was really disappointed. Ive had them for about two weeks and already the lids are warped.
The thing in front of the toilet is super short. I'm 5'9 not a big dude and when I'm sitting on the toilet my feet aren't even on the mat. That's how short it is. Plus, the toilet seat cover is HUGE. I wouldn't buy this again. My cat likes to sleep on the mat next to my tub tho, so it gets a 2 star.
I've used other brands before and I love beeswax food covers. These unfortunately did not last very long before disintegrating. Very disappointing :(
They are not that sharp
Received broken in package
Great travel mug - for 6 weeks. The plastic flip piece that seals the mug broke off already. Disappointed. I see other purchasers have had this same experience. There are better options out there if this is a known issue.
Flimsy material was hoping for better quality. Seams sewn throughout so doesn't look prestige in the overhang 3 inch hemline. Orders 2 for events & no time to return 😣 & repurchase. Looks nothing like picture. Sequins falling off consistently. Will probably use for backdrop & not tables.
I didn't like the way it works, feels just stiff, not technologically thought through.
I bought two of these cupcake tiers and have used both two times since I've had them and one of them had already broke. One of the screw parts on the stand had already lost its threading. Both tiers itself do not stand straight as is and isn't sturdy.
Stopped heating coffee .
I bought this to replace a previous Proctor Silex electric kettle, which had served me well for many year. When it finally failed, I assumed I was replacing it with the same quality kettle. When the new kettle arrived arrived, it looked the same, but felt as if the materials were thinner and poorly attached. What finally drove me to replace it with a different brand was that if I jostled it even slightly while the water was heating, the plug would lose the electrical connection, and I would have to play with it to get back the connection.
Steaming shelf and even main lid do not fit very well. Recommended usage cup does not cook eggs to desired cooking level (double the water). I use a shot glass to measure instead.
Ordered twice. Each time came with holes in them
Unlike the Capresso grinder whose collection bin does not have a lid, so is easily/quickly emptied, the Chefman does have a lid. It's fiddly to remove and even more so to reinstall after emptying. Weird design choice, and not friendly. Otherwise, it's OK. It grinds are about the same regardless of the coarse-fine adjustment. If the Chefman is stolen, I won't replace it. Had I known about the collection bin, I wouldn't have purchased it. If constant fiddling with the lid doesn't bother you, it's an OK grinder. Edit: I noticed the second time I used it the top of the collection bin is already chipped and broken. The thin, brittle plastic used is ridiculous. Unfortunately, I'm just past the 30-day return window, or this piece of junk would be going back. All the positive reviews fooled me good.
Returned it. Poor quality, felt thinner. I returned it. Can get something cheaper at 5 below or dollar store
The bottle fell off a weight bench (2 feet) the first day I used it and the small cap completely broke off. Will attempt for a replacement and change review accordingly.
Blades are not thick enough not to bend under normal slicing. Fine for use once or twice a year. Slicing leaves unattractive ridges in sliced breast or pork tenderloin....visually unappealing. I was able to get better results from inexpensive ceramic knife.
It had a strong chemical smell and needed to be aired out for several days before use. I finally put it in the washing machine and it now smells ok. Not really what you want to put your kids lunch in when it smells toxic.
Not what I expected. Does keep hot for about 4 hours. Warm about 10. The mouth of the container is pretty small so very hard to use it for chunky soups. Good for coffee or pure liquids.
Product arrived broken, wire was snapped.
said juicer / blender - there is no juicer component
Does not fit 9 inch plates. More like 8 1/2.
My 7 yr old son bought this fountain for my daughter for Christmas, which was very sweet. The motor in it is VERY loud. So loud that it would be heard at even a party with medium volume music. Other cons. . . if you leave the heater on (to keep the chocolate liquid) but not the motor the chocolate in the vertical part of the tower hardens and then you can't turn on the pump again. And, it is quite a production to clean (and get the hardened chocolate out of the vertical part!). Fun novelty item, but definitely not an optimal design.
Worked great for 2 months then just stop hearing up. Super bummed.
Not the size I was excepting, a bit smaller.
I loved this timer and bought about 6 of them, unfortunately, one of them stopped working within a week. guess 5 out to 6 ain't bad.
The banner fell apart as soon as I hung it up.
Inside the oven, black paint started peeling off after a few years of use. Recommend the manufacturer rethink their choice of using layers of paint inside the high temperature oven. It does not look safe for food. Why not use plain stainless steel? Surely at this price you can use quality material.
Way to big for coffee cups
When I first got the utensils I was happy with them. However, within less than a month some of them started to break.
It broke when I tried to open the rack up. My fiance had to hammer it back together using the tiny nails that poorly held it together.
The bolt for the hand grip broke after about 50 cans. I had to replace the bolt. The metal arms are now bent and I wonder how well they'll hold up. It still works, but it's not a durable product.
Good product, but 1 it does not fit one of the cast iron pan handles and 2 the heat still came throught
These dishes were very pretty. But, the quality of the glazing was very poor. One dish had an actual crack in the glazing. Many of them had lots of bubbles. This is not acceptable and means that water would probably get under the glazing and ruin the dishes. We returned them to amazon.
Great large capacity for peppercorn. Worked really well for several months. Then it just stopped. changing batteries did not correct. Shaking and tapping resulted in a few grinds and then dead.
I received the product in original packaging, but upon opening, I discovered that both lids had cosmetic dent in them. Used the included card to email them and my email was rejected for improper address. Went to their website and used the Contact Us link, and that was a bad link. Hmmm! I guess I'll have to return them.
Have to use the correct size
I like to steam Cook for health reasons. The top steamer seems like a good idea, but it is impractical, with regular steamers food would be cooked in 40 to 50 minutes. Since this is a top steamer, only the top of the food was cooked, I had to steam the food twice by turning the food around and starting it again. The one good thing about this product is that its glass container.
Very small, but that's not the issue. The plastic is very hard, and cracks easy. 2 cracked as I tried to open and close them. They are cute but not very functional for meal prepping
Worked great for awhile and then broke in half while I was making chocolate chip cookies.
Meh, these let a lot of coffee grounds through into the percolator. Wrap filters are fiddly, but more effective.
This product is alright. For the size, it's ideal for one person. I bought it to get myself to drink more water and shoot for about 1.5-2 refills of these per day. Something about the taste of the water is a little off. I'm not sure why as I have been drinking water from a PUR pitcher in the past and through my Hydroflask. Whenever I drink through that, water usually tastes amazing. With this pitcher it's just ehh. On top of that, the stream of this pitcher is unpredictable!! A lot of people mentioned that it was slow, but for me it'll go from a small stream to freaking Niagara Falls. Sadly I didn't know this, and upon pouring water into my bottle right next to my Dell Inspiron, the water suddenly gushed out all over my table and keyboard. Several keys ended up shorting out and I had to buy another laptop, so that was pretty scarring. I guess it's my fault for doing it next to my technology, but I don't get what is up with that damn stream.... This usually happens when it's nearly full or almost empty. Be careful with this thing. I'd return it but threw out the packaging. Hopefully you'll have a better experience.
I needed a new collapsible 1 cup measuring cup as my old one split. I had to buy the entire set, but that was OK. I liked the colors and additional measuring cups are appreciated. The way they are clipped together is awkward, and you can't just slide the size off as you can with a ring and opening. You have to take off the clasp, and when the cup you used is clean, you have to thread it back on. We replaced that clasp with a ring to make it easier. The measuring spoons are permanently clipped together, so using them is awkward, and you have to wash the entire set. This becomes messy too if you measure olive oil, for instance, and then need a different spoon to measure another ingredient. Unless you clean the oil spoon, it may drip when you use a different spoon. I would not buy this set again.
They are just okay. Had some flaws in the paint.
I hate to be the one that gives a bad review but these didn't work for me. They are pretty colors and I like the design of the handles and the different sizes. But I am use to spatulas that can handle the job of picking up rice, grits and eggs and only the red one worked for that. I also don't know the full purpose of the removable handle other than me having to make sure I remove them when I wash them so water won't get trapped. The logo on the handles also started to rub off after the first two uses which was disappointing considering the fact that I had just purchased them so they no longer looked new. Maybe these are great for baking but I do a lot of cooking with my spatulas and these were to flimsy for me.
It broke on me after a few months. Now, it won't grip on the can, the one wheel just rotates, no bite. It was working fine but breaks easily. I probably got less than 15 use out of this, need a refund. In the beginning, i thought it was a neat gadget with the clean cut, but noticed it leaves tiny burs around the opening of my cans, that means if i put my food out, tiny burs will get in my food unless I wipe it off, troublesome. I'm back to my 15yr old traditional can opener.
A lot bigger than expected. Too large for my key chain.
I purchased this model in Feb of 2018. Today is Jan 17, 2019 and it is having to be replaced. The clean indicator light continually flashes no matter how often you run the clean cycle. Please do not tell me this is because of "minerals", or "hard water". I have a whole house filtration and softening system in which my filters are changed regularly. This is not the issue. Today began a new issue. The coffee pot begins to brew a pot, gets 1/3 of the water out of the reservoir, then beeps as if it is done. I'm having to repeatedly turn the unit back on 3 and 4 times (on my second pot today) to get a full pot to brew. I bought Cuisinart based on the fact that it used to be a trusted name. I had a model like this several years ago and it lasted me for over 5 years. However it seems that Cuisinart, like other manufacturers are content with cranking out cheap products for full retail price in the hope that when it breaks in a year, we'll come back and buy another one. Well, sorry but no. You've lost your chance. I will not buy Cuisinart again. It has become an unreliable brand.
These trays are very flimsy. I have to use 2 trays to hold an average chicken. I will not purchase this item again. I hate giving a negative review but I really hate wasting money.
The plates are the right color, however they're dessert plates not lunch plates, and you get 24 total rather than the 240 that the title says.
I've owned two. I thought the first one that broke was my fault. The second one just broke itself on the jar.
Felt like I was drinking from an old car antenna is all it is and they will rust just like your retractable car antenna
The garlic press works well. It arrived quickly. However, two additional items were advertised but not included. I contacted seller but did not get a response.
I don't think this is item is made of glass. Its plasticy and not even clear :( Kind of fuzzy.
I used it for the first time today and was hard to keep the outside from trying to fold in. I'll keep trying but not happy.
These pots are beautiful! I loved the look from the start, but I don't think that they are made for induction cooking. Only certain pans can boil water. The one pan my induction stovetop does not even see is there, and there is a big difference between settings when cooking. I can see they would be amazing for electric or gas, but I bought them because they were advertised for induction and they simply are not awesome for that. (I gave the pans that are awful for induction to my mom who has a gas stove.)
So disappointing that the top doesn't fit properly on canning jar. The threads don't line up. I managed to get it to screw on but it leaks. Poor design. Regret sending them as a gift
This was a bad deal from the start. It only really lets you use their bags - not compatible with many third party ones. And buying their bags can get very pricy.
This thing is TINY. Which is great if you have limited space as I do. The plastic is sturdy and it works perfectly with the pods I have as well as with the Chulux basket/filter I also bought to use with fresh grounds. I would give it 5 stars except I wish it were a little taller so that a lager size travel mug would fit. I had to purchase a smaller, 14oz travel mug and it will not fit unless I remove the spill catch and then only barely! Otherwise the quality seems excellent! Also... the orange color is not like the pics. It is a bright pumpkin orange. UPDATE: stopped working April 20. Won't pump the water anymore. I'm very sad. It worked great while it worked.
Have bought this item for a 3 rd time only because it is needed for a party I have yearly. The prior 2 have broke at the base after only the one or 2 times of use. The reason I keep reordering is that you can get it fast from amazon and very reasonably priced. I hope this time it last for then. The 1 use
Poor quality. They look nothing near as nice as the photo.
These bags are a good value. They wash in the dishwasher (a little tough to dry inside though), seal tightly, and save money and plastic. Update: after an initial 5-star review, I'm revising my review because the bags have become almost impossible to seal.
Bought this, but the text faded after a few weeks.
Package I received did not have a brush suitable for cleaning a swell bottle.
I ordered 2 of these cups, one for me and one as a gift for my sister. Her cup doesn't seal properly and leaks and mind seals nicely. I guess it's a 50/50 chance that this cup will be good for travel.
I've purchased many OXO products and loved every one of them. This one is not good. I had an OXO tea kettle just like it (except it didn't have the brushed finish) for many years, and it was great. I was expecting the same of this one. Unfortunately, this one developed rust spots inside within the first few weeks of owning it. OXO was very receptive to my complaint and quickly sent me a new one, however I'm concerned that the same thing will happen with this replacement. Also the new ones just aren't as sturdy and well made as the older one.
Cute and my 7 year old loved it, but the hinge for the lid broke off in less than 2 weeks.
The main problem is that the glass containers are not durable. Three cracked in half during a couple months of normal use. They all broke in the same way, right in half across the bottom, without being dropped. I'm now looking for something that uses real Pyrex. Otherwise, I found these lids to be effectively leak proof, including for soups and sauces. Note that the divider between the compartments does not come up to the lid, so food moves between the compartments if the container gets jostled when you carry it.
Color is awful a pinkish orange not red .
This kettle is simple to use, but the handle started pulling away at the top after about two months, making the button that flips the top open unusable. After about six months of use, the kettle started leaking and will need to be discarded.
When washing these in a dishwasher and using heated dry the bevel edges end up holding water which has in turn begun to rust. Then when you pull them out of the washer to finish hand drying them the rust water runs out all over your drying rags or onto your floor.
I have not been successful opening jars with this tool. Sturdy, but no grip.
A have a 4-cup espresso maker, similar to this one, only different brand, which makes amazing coffee/espresso. THIS ONE makes brown coffee flavored water! No matter what I did, more/less coffee, slower/faster cook time, every time it's brown water!!!! A huge disappointment!
Didn't show up in time
I washed this mug before I used it and when I when to use it for the first time this morning, the whole lip/top section of the mug broke away from the body and shattered on the floor.
The print is so small very hard to read
Only seems to toast on one side. It had great rating and that's why I ordered it. Would not order again
I bought this set specifically for my toaster oven. I wanted the perforated pan for extra crispy pizza crust. The solid pan is great and it measures 12" which fits perfectly in my toaster oven. The perforated pan I am disappointed with because it is 12.5" and does not fit in my toaster oven. I'm still keeping them because the price was right, but I wish the perforated pan was the right size.
Very difficult to suck from the straw. Useless on the airplane as there is no pressure release. So when we got to 30,000 feet and I flipped the straw up, water shot out everywhere and soaked everyone in the row. These even happened when we drove to a higher elevation. Completely useless.
I bought these plates for a reception away from home where I wanted to use biodegradable, disposable dishes. I thought the plates would have the green leaf emblem that is shown picture on Amazon. The plates I received had no emblem and worse yet, the bag that they came in was torn.
I'm going to assume that the scale is accurate. What I don't like is that the pull-out control panel (that is potentially beneficial if you have something large on the scale) is wobbly when in place. It attaches in the middle (where there are no buttons) but when you touch either control button on left or right the whole panel disconnects and wobbles. Bad design and very annoying to use. Sorry that I already tossed the packaging so I can't send it back.
I just received the product and it arrived without the top cover. So it is basically useless. I have to contact company to send it back or send me a cover.
Netting inside of pot pulled apart from plastic when washing. I only have had this for less than 1.5 months.
I got this to use in the office where I figured a manual grinder would be preferable to something that needs to be plugged in. Does an acceptable job of grinding coffee once you get it setup. Downside is the handle is too long and the thumb-screw is always working itself loose as you grind. You end up grinding for a few spins, stopping to tighten the screw, grind some more, tighten, etc etc etc. Super annoying - it needs a locking pin or something to hold it all together once you have it set where you want it. I'll probably throw some loc-tite on it and see if that helps.
Burns rice even with proper portion and makes my rice taste weird.
I bought two sets and like the idea but one of the tines of the fork broke after a couple uses. Was certainly hoping it'd help reduce waste more than that. The fork is not the most natural feeling to use any how, it is wide and not easy to spear with in design. This also makes it difficult to clean. Bummed because it wanted them to work
Works well when I got it. I regularly used for my coffee in the morning, and after four and a half months it quit working. That is what you expect when you buy a cheap and low quality frother. Not repurchasing this and I don't recommend it.
You have to cut all the pacifiers, and I had to buy a board to tape the printed paper of the baby head. You also have to cut the mask the wripped after using it once.
I purchased this after reading a few mixed reviews. I thought with the price and free returns, it would be a "win" either way. The product is small and does not weigh much, saving counter space. However, in my opinion, the vacuum sealer was weak when vacuuming and took quite a while to seal one pre-made bag. I do not think this product would be practical for sealing more than one or two things at a time (I have used other sealers and am comparing my experiences.) I returned this product.
I like the bottles for the price, just one problem...my toddler cannot open the lid or lift the straw, I can barley open the lid.
This product is phenomenal . I've been looking for years at every store in the Las Vegas valley for years , and could never find anything remotely close . A true short supply commodity .
Super small, smaller than described and wood is super sensitive when cleaning. Already ruined after first wash.
The pan arrived scratched and dented.
Loved the cups that made it in one piece. The first time all were broken. When Amazon sent a replacement set, one of the cups was broken. The cups should not be shipped stacked inside each other. They should be packed side by side. One little bump and the cups are forced inside each other further and they all split in half.
These weren't what I was expecting. They didn't stay together and we ended up throwing them away and not using them at the party.
After one use the mold is warped and buckling so we can't get true circles for the second round...super disappointed
Did not fit. The description said it would. On the way back.
It does not plug in and needs batteries. the buttons are spread out in a circle to make it challenging to function
Some leaked. Comparing them to my other carts for this size these don't hit well unless u like to make liquid broth with no wax.
I have had this water filter for awhile now and at first everything was alright. Then two months ago the attachment to the faucet started leaking. It started with just a small leak around the base, not from the filter housing itself and progressively it has gotten worse to the point now that I have a small waterfall when I turn on my water. The only good thing I can say about this water filter is that the filtered water tastes great and considering that our water comes from the Missouri River that is saying something.
Pro: Pads came in a sealed package within a zip closing bag which could be used to store them. Con: The holes on the pads do not match the picture. Since the holes layout was different than expected they didn't match the holes from the steamer pot.
As you can see in the pic, the whole latch piece is bent and after one wash, no longer silver. The glass bottle is cute & perfectly-sized, but someone needs to change out the latch.
I didn't want to return because I needed the sets ASAP, but it's very frustrating and disappointing when you buy 2 brand new sets and they both come with a broken glass, it's like you can't win!
The product could be sturdier. I dislike how the bottom is open, you have to spin over a sink or water goes everywhere. Would be great if it was enclosed and you dump the water out when finished.
These are exactly what I was looking for, but they arrived in damaged packaging and 2/4 rings were cracked and dysfunctional. Seems like these came used, which is really disappointing, but it concerns me about the quality of these.
Really shallow dish, can't hold very much in there.
The grinders both broke after only two uses. Very disappointed
These bags look nice and are light weight, but one ripped apart at the zipper within a few months of average use. Cheaply made. I would recommend spending a few more dollars on something that won't fall apart.
So I give a quick twist to them a bit to loosen cubes to pop out. Broke one in half within two weeks. Cracked another a week later. It broke in half tonight. Look, I get it's plastic. But if it can't handle a quick twist (and I mean a quick, short duration twist. I am not trying to wring the thing out). Durability is horrible.
The product has been returned because it started to rust after one or two uses. It worked fine, but I don't think it's worth $13 though, the ones from ROSS works just as well for cheaper.
After 2nd or 3rd time using it, it cracked when we put some cold meat in it. The ceramic was not that hot (you could touch it with your hand).
too hard to squeeze for men, and completely unreal for women
Cute, but not useful. Pepper hole is too small... and only one hole.
After about 3 months on pretty steady use, substance leaked out rather than just when spraying.
Not what I was looking for-good product,but I thought it was going to juice a bit differently.
Just junky plastic. Hard to turn and not lose salad stuff. Going to goodwill!
This was a very beautiful cup however not very user-friendly for myself. I wanted it for my coffee, a very awkward size to hold, the rim way too thin to drink without the lid and while drinking from the lid, well...hust did not flow well.
Sorry to say I'm returning these. They looked very cute, but they're really clunky and heavy. They're not pretty or well-made for the price.
Overall it's fine but the handle had multiple paint chips which was disappointing. Shipping takes too long to return/reorder.
The lid broke on the these every other one on the first time it was removed. Had to keep giving out more lids. And therefore had less to sell less because I need the lids in order for the product to stay fresh
The metal plate that had the word “coffee” is off to the side so when you have the handle sideways, the word isn't facing you, it's at a weird angle. Also, it came dented but my husband already put the box in the recycling. It wasn't worth all the trouble for me to return it since I'm only using it for display above my kitchen cabinets and no one will be looking really close at it but I was disappointed in the quality.
Not sure why, but my do not stick
This carafe is attractive and it keeps my tea warm for a decently long time. However, I can't recommend it. It makes a really irritating noise! I think it's basically pressure slowly releasing when the carafe is sealed. I had planned to keep the carafe in my office while I work but the noise just drives me crazy -- I can even hear it two rooms away.
Im sure quality is fine, just does not match my set in house.
I like the idea, however the ice cubes do not pop out very easily.
The coffee is delicious, but the spigot drips constantly and makes a terrible mess. I wish it didnt have a spigot at all.
Doesnt work. In fact I think the bags make the potatoes sprout faster vs leaving them in a bowl on the counter. Potatoes dont even last a week without sprouting. Your best bet is to just put them in a dark cabinet.
I received 2 oz jar instead of 4 oz ?
I ordered this to easily flip meat. One of the tongs, however, cam bent and broken. I don't recommend buying a broken product. It wasn't surprising that the tongs came dirty and you should clean them anyways, but these were surprisingly dirty.
The glasses are very nice, but I received them without straws and the straws were specifically why I bought them. I reached out to see how I could get the straws and didn't receive a response so I am giving a 2 star rating due to not receiving what was advertised and lack of effort to fix/address the issue.
It seems to need to be charged quite often. There's no actual way to turn it off so the battery just drains whether you use it or not. The seal itself is okay. You need to drag slowly and I found that it would get caught by the build up of melted plastic and start skipping. Its quite cheap though and makes a nice gift for someone who opens a lot of chip bags I suppose
They work well but they were noticeable scratched.
Confetti remained in bottom after inflating, tried adding spray of water inside as suggested, did not work and dud not hold helium as long as other plain balloons.
These are thicker and thus not a malleable as similar wraps I have gotten from other sellers. These are difficult to work with.
Looks good and heats water quickly. Whistle does not work. If I wanted a non-whistling tea kettle I would have bought one.
does not work well, does not grip jar top
Very cheap. Buy somewhere else for $10.
I loved that is an air popper. I bought mine in 2017. It is now not working well. It only can pop once, then you have to wait until the next day to do another use. So not good for popping for lots of popcorn at one. On the second use the kernals just sit there and burn. :(
We are careful with our pans, only use wood/plastic utensils for cooking and twice this pan has not lasted a year. The coating comes off and is a waste of money.
I have used this kettle about once a day to make some coffee. This week (it's less than six month from my purchase) it was out of order and I threw it out.
nice idea however with the bowl having a ridge in the bottom and beaters not reaching the bottom it does not mix as I expected also hard to get on and off stand a lot heaver than I expected too. Wish I would of kept my old hand held mixer.
I like the round, O shape tong from the Prepworks by Progressive Appetizer Tongs, hate the square one in that set. I like the spoon shape tong from Prepworks by Progressive Vegetable Tongs, hate the spiky one from that set. So why cant I buy a set of the round O shape and the spoon shape together? Call it whatever you like. Call it The Only Good Tongs by Progressive. I hate the square and spiky tongs and resent having to buy them just to get a good round or spoon shape tong. If you sold the round O and spoon shape together I would buy lots of them. As it is, I am putting in a large order today to a different seller who offers the round O shape one by itself. Only two stars for making me buy the useless square and spiky tongs to get the good ones. You can't grip anything with the square and spiky tongs.
The lid that came with the pot arrived completely shattered due to poor packaging. Be careful.
These don't feel like sponges. They feel like old clothes rags with soaps. Will not try this again.
About 4 months after we had been using this for my child's lunches, the little oblong container on the inside cracked and will not fit properly in the big container part. Also one of the handles fell off but I was able to get it back on. Pretty bummed about that. Otherwise it's a good container.
Smell is overwhelming, is this harmful to your health ???, heaters do work but is it possible to wipe with ??? to reduce smell..
Pretty useless for anything other Than standard Folgers ground coffee. Forget trying to grind whole beans to use in this. The second anything other than a drug store Blend is in this filter, the machine freaks out and starts to overflow.
I bought this set few days ago and started cooking but now the non stick coating is peeling off. I am not happy with this product and would not recommend this product to anybody
Smaller compartments than advertise
Update: All of them dulled after 2-3 uses. Even when regularly using honing rod. The tip is broken off 2 of the small ones. Awesome and sharp for a cheaper set.
Even though I saw it coming...small top too small; medium top too large for the scalding hot soup I was trying to cover... Flew everywhere. Sizing not flexible enough.
It has been slightly less than two months since we purchased it. We have not used many times yet it is no longer working. There is leak. I am quite disappointed.
Smallest ice cube trays I have ever seen. I thought this would help me keep my ice bin full while I try to get my ice maker fixed. The trays and cube size is tiny. It would takes weeks to fill up my normal sized ice bin in the freezer.
Only blends the bottom portion of your food. Bad design with the blade. Hard to take out while the food is still inside.
They are very pretty; however, I kept having to take the drinks out of them and tighten the spout from the inside because they would start leaking. It was very frustrating. I wouldn't purchase these again.
Too small for 90% of our foods. Don't buy. The larger one is fine.
Battery quality is terrible. It charged 12 hours while I was at work and then remained unplugged/unused overnight. The light indicator was blue letting me know it was fully charged so that is why I unplugged overnight. The following morning (less than 12 hours) I went to make smoothies for my kids and myself for breakfast. It blended one with no issues and then stopped halfway through the second one and the battery indicator was flashing red. I ended up getting so frustrated I drank a super chunky smoothie. Very disappointed.
Stitching coming apart after 6 werks. I use my lunch bag 3 days out of 7 and do not over-stuff it, yet the stitching is coming apart. I love the size and shape, however, of no use to me if it doesnt stay together.
Awful chemical smell.
Description says: "The rotating design to adjust the steam diverter to emit the steam in any direction." Yes, it does rotate but the only direction the steam can go is towards the back of the Instant Pot during release. In order to make the steam go sideways you need to rotate your Instant Pot clockwise. Not too convenient a thing to do. The opening is tapered and small so the steam condenses and water tends to drip a lot from it. The only good feature seems to be that it does fit well and does not wobble or fall off.
I bought this Breville Panini press and it's worked wonderfully. So easy to use and I used it all the time. After one year, the press stopped working. No lights, didn't heat up. Great product, but I don't want to be buying one every year.
Thought this was cordless per pictures...had cord. Looked nice but was way to large for my wife to use.
Yes they have confetti inside but was hoping for it to be stuck to the balloon and not just flying inside and down at the bottom.
I received the product but it was missing pieces I was unable to try t
I followed all the instruction on usage. The first item I tried with the machine was a piece of hard cheese (no liquid or oil), the vacuum function worked well but when it came to sealing, the wire heat up so much that white smoke came out. Plastic bag was melted and cut into 2 pieces where the sealing line was. Very disappointed.
this is the worst can opener I ever bought .
I returned as they were very flimsy.
Really nice pan, if I had a gas stove the pan would still be serviceable, but on a ceramic-topped range, the noticeable wobble is a dealbreaker. Easy to clean, heavy enough to be useful but light enough to be manageable, even with my arthritic hands. Disappointed that this purchase didn't work out, I'll have to spend a lot more to replace this item.
Cheap. Does not have clean edges.
I bought this to be able to tell where the heat was escaping my sauna. The image shows a wide beam and I had seen others on youtube like that. However, its just a single point. The picture is not accurate with the wide red beam.
They stay cold, but don't really make your drinks cold.
Just be careful ordering something like this. The cup is beautiful with a really classy design, but I was very disappointed to find when opening the package the cup was broken (not just cracked, but broken)in three different places, with the pieces lying at the bottom of the package. I was surprised at the lack of packaging ( the box was just put in the envelope with no padding), as this is ceramic and can easily get damaged during shipping. Product is beautiful but was severely disappointed with the delivery of the product & careless packaging.
We did this for my sister and the darts provided just bounced off an came flying at everyone.
Not quite what i expected from XO. I wouldve liked it ti be sharper and better at chopping soft vegetables. I thought it would save me time for my salads but it didn't.
Doesn't work very good.
Is too tight and is not easy to handle it
I was really excited to get this product to make its faster on me to do cakes, but unfortunately it jams up a lot. Sometimes it will barely push the bead out, it jams up most of the time, and sometimes it pops them so fast they fly off the cake. I really like it when it's working but I just went to hand placing the beads on it, was quicker.
Sent wrong product color
While the pan is great using as a cookie sheet, it doesn't come close to crisping bacon or sausages. Very disappointing! The bottom edge of each piece of bacon remained "fatty" when top half was browned but not crispy.
I was so excited to get this machine. It's compact, cute and I love the color. BUT, when I pour the water into the reservoir it spills everywhere and then the 'on/off button blinks constantly and you have to keep turning it on and off until it stops blinking and actually makes the coffee. You can't just add water & push the on button and walk away. You have to clean up the spilled water and stand over the machine pushing the on/off button until it decides to start the warming and brewing process.
The product was open when i received it. The lid was loosened and the gel leaked out. It was very strong and almost triggered an asthma attack.
These have a really ugly and obvious seam down each side. I returned them.
Works great but recieved with a needed part missing.
Although it does cook the bacon, the ends get burnt and the middle is too raw. It does take about as much time to cook a full pack of bacon with this product as it does by pan frying it yourself. I'm not too happy with the end result, but it's too late to return.
I am extremely disappointed with this product. The box doesn't stay shut (even with the band) and things easily leak from it. Really upset and would not recommend this product.
I had another one exactly like this, really liked it, got too old and ordered another. It heats okay, but rattles like an earthquake. I would have sent back, but I cannot lift it and put it back in the box. I will never buy one again. I hate to say this because it may have been the shipper and not the product itself. I think anything large that needs to be purchased should be purchased in person and not through the mail. Have a local delivery, that way you can have it picked up if necessary.
The pie irons I received were round not square as pictured.
As others have commented this pan has a dome in the middle. I would not recommend.
Seller is able to sell these because there's no picture of the back and they're sold as universal. They're not. Very small, but that's fine. The knob back is flush. My toaster oven's knob post is recessed. I need a shaft off the back, and these don't have one. Plus I'm being told there's no returns!
I wish I could have given a better review but one of the tails was ripped to the point it wouldn't hold resin. We have tape on it now a little scared to use it though. Would return and get new ones however time doesn't allow it
I am giving these 2 stars because they are super wimpy. The handles bend and I am not happy about it.
It doesn't even look like copper. Nothing like the picture.
Doesn't work likes supposed to. Too big...
I purchased these Pyrex 2-cup containers to store foods. The lid sealing design is extremely disappointing. While these are probably fine for dry contents, wet contents don't work well at all. The liquid from canned blueberries seeps out the top. It coats and pools on the underside of the lid. And most troubling, it wets the sides and bottom of the glass container. The results are a sticky bowl and berry juice all over the counter: every time I open the container to use the contents. Ugh!
The thermos was nice for one month. Right after the return window closed, the casing on the lid fell off.
I really like the pattern, size and how much it holds without vexing obnoxiously large, but the reason this only gets two stars is because of how the bag closes. It only has one piece of velcro in the center and the flap that attaches is too long so it leaves a gap. The sides of the top don't attach at all leaving even larger gaps. While the inside of the bag is insulated it doesn't really matter because all the cold (or hot) air comes directly out of the top. I used clips to hold the sides closed since I already bought it and want to get a good use out of it. Would not buy again for this reason.
makes everything too dry, does not crisp. we gave it away
These wires are very thin and break easily or come untwisted. Each wire only last about one month. I keep buying because they fit and I can't find better ones.
When I purchased this system, I had no idea how wasteful the cold brew system is. I was shock to learn that 12oz of coffee is needed to produce 7 cups of cold brew coffee. Typically, 12 oz of coffee makes 44 cups of rich coffee with AeroPress. Yes, I like cold brew coffee better, but not by that much. If you need to spend more than 6x of money on coffee, would you spend the money to try some of most premium coffee in the world or on cold brew of regular coffee? Too bad, the returned window has long passed. I will pack it up and shelf it so I can indulge myself with fancy coffee beans with a good excuse for my wife.
The leaves expands and this one opens up
I bought the set for a Christmas Party for work and was very disappointed when the main course was served and the forks started braking during the meal. Everyone had a laugh but this was acceptable. I bought the product based on the reviews
The filters are not good replacements for the breville one that came with my machine. When I pre-soaked the filter, charcoal residue/dust seeped out, leaving the water very dirty (see picture). I will not trust that filter in my espresso machine. The filters also do not expand to fit snugly like the breville filter that came with my machine. Hopefully the cleaning tabs work better and this isn't a complete waste.
After a few weeks of use the paint began to chip and and the seal got flimsy. Wasnt sealing as tight as it originally did.
Looks cheap and tacky. Spend a little more money and get proper cloth, unless you need something disposable.
The package that we received had clearly sat on a shelf for a long time. It was really old.
The color is so hazy it looks as though there is a film on the entire cup. Definitely not the color pictured in the item description. Only giving 2 stars because if the color wasnt so bad I think it would be a good cup. Just dont want a new cup that looks old and dingy. Going straight back in the box and returning to Amazon.
Item worked great for about 3 months then just quit. Lights up but won't heat. Will not buy again.
I like the bags because they are easy to fold and keep in your pocket book. However, the durability is not good. O just bought it last week used it once and it's already tearing. Not worth the price.
This filter worked well for about 2 months. Water pressure started dropping, and I found that the inner ring that presses on the sensor in the fridge was not making solid contact any longer. Still gave it two stars as the cheap price with the short duration is comparable to the full price item with the max duration. Not worth the hassle for me though.
Much smaller than I thought...
Worked great for about 3 days and then it just died and could not get it to turn on again.
These bowls stick together when stacked on top of each other, making them very difficult to separate. This occurs when dry or wet. Also, one came chipped.
Easy to use, yet you have to go so very slow. To seal a bag. It literally took 5 minutes and if there is a fold, well, it doesn't seal there. Disappointing.
I gave it 2 stars because the coasters were awesome. The actual opener did work but only lasted a little over a month. The corkscrew broke off. It's surprising because the open felt sturdy and didn't seem cheaply made.
This did not make easy sushi. Rolling by hand is much easier and quicker! Makes too fat of a roll.
These were what I was hoping for for the price, but the quality wasn't there. I should have read the reviews. Mine came broken like others have said. I returned them for a refund and a better buy.
The problem for me is that because the stopper has two sections, (and I understand that the second section allows air to come in as you drink from it) - what happens is that you get an aerated, water stream instead of a more satisfying solid water flow. I have a larger Hydroflask bottle that I like a lot better.
This product is great for brewing coffee or tea overnight, but the problem is that this product did not last more than 2 weeks. The mesh part at the bottom ring came undone to a point where grind coffee were escaping at the bottom. The quality and durability of this product is in question and for that reason I'm reluctant to buy again.
The strainer was cute but the silver ring came out after a few months of use. There it would not drain properly. Not happy with purchase.
It is a nice heavy duty mixer, but the speed does not change no matter where I have it set. It really seems to have only 1 speed which is not at all what I wanted. I am very disappointed.
Work ok. I keep them in the freezer and use them for mixed drinks and chilling room temperature beverages down pretty fast. They do that fine. I really like that they don't melt and water my drinks down like ice will do. Two stars because the problem is that you have to be careful tilting a glass up too far while drinking and having the cubes fall towards your face. The cubes are metal and quite heavy, so a delicate wine or rocks glass might get broken doing that. Plastic bottles don't seem to be affected, but heavy cubes crashing into your face isn't fun.
I was really excited for them. But after a while you can tell that they are just cheaply made. The glass breaks here and there and I have glass splinters everywhere Also the lids are sometimes hard to close... I really wanted to like them but unfortunately I do not recommend and would not buy again.
Not as I expected. The color was different than the image. The leaves are a solid green and the letters are solid blue. There is no multi-color effect. But it arrived on time, however, delivery never rings the doorbell so I didn't know it was here.
It worked great, but now it has failed and leaks. After less than 2 years.
Never received this package.
The item was flimsier than expected but I ended up returning it because it was just a fraction too wide for the space that I got it for. It definitely wouldn't have held all of the items I would have wanted to store on it anyway.
Two of the four funnels were chipped when I received them. I was disappointed that in both the packaging used for shipping and the quality of the plastic. You get what you pay for...
Was expecting a pistol grip type. This one isn't very ergonomically correct and the wrist gets tired.
The holders do not snap closed properly. They require tape.
Smaller than expected
not well polished inside. kind of smelly too. I don't think I'd drink anything out of it, but looks OK.
Reason why I don't like it is because they sent us a completely different item. We returned it.
A stick of butter BARELY fits in this butter dish. Just a heads up.
Cups slip to the corner, Surface seems to have a tilt to the corners. I serve espresso on it and the cups also slide to the edges
Tried this last year when I froze our sweet corn. It doesn't work very well. Hard to hold and makes my hand and fingers hurt. Back to the old serrated knife, and not an electric knife for me. I want to get all the corn kernel and all the milky juice, so by hand is the best way for me.
It's long, the ties are long, but it's narrow up top.
It was way smaller then I thought.. I'll have to move the thing 110 time to do what I want to do with it. Was hoping was twice the size at it was.. But built to last is a plus I guess
ordered 2 sets both sets came with a broken cup
Bought six boxes but returned two due to broken contents. I am using the other but I don't like them at all. First, it is a little too thin to hold any hot soup, Second, the foot of the bottom is too narrowly designed that the bowl can easily toppled with a slight push on a rough surface. The get stuck with one another too much and sometimes I feel as though I might crack one or the other trying to seperate the two. I will not buy again.
These glasses are stylish and work well at keeping drinks hot or cold, but the glass is extremely thin and very fragile. The first order I placed arrived cracked. Amazon sent replacements and after a couple weeks of careful use, they've cracked again. Not sure how they compare to similar products from other companies, but I would not have purchased these knowing what I know now.
These look very good but they aren't very sturdy. We hosted a large group and served Asian Chicken breasts cold. The knives were a disaster. Most people simply couldn't cut their food! Maybe a hot dish would work OK since the food is softer but nothing that requires a real cut. Sorry!
Returned. Some of the kids were impossible to close
and then broke and took my heart with it
My elder mom didn't have the strength to pull the bag apart to open it. Once I tried it, I could see why. it took everything I had to get it open. My purchase sadly had to be sent back
unable to shake drinks. haven't tried it because of that.
This kettle is super cute, BUT didn't last! I've used this kettle consistently for the past six months and sadly I can no longer use it. The lid literally melted off. Again, cute, but NOT functional.
The fiber density in the cloth is poor. Contrast binding on the bags (white on all bags) is not aesthetically pleasing and looks shoddily made.
item box was crushed. Handling is very sloppy, needed a stand so you could work with eggs.
I wanted to love this pan, but I don't. The size is perfect, it's a very attractive pan. However, EVERYTHING sticks to the bottom of this pan. Yes, I am using oil on the bottom when cooking, but things still stick. Now, I hardly ever use the pan.
Very difficult to close
Made in China, I ordered from the description because it said made in USA. I DID NOT WANT ITEMS FROM CHINA!!!!
food does not stay warm
My son has a few of these type of lunch boxes and this is the cheapest quality of them all. It's flimsy and he has trouble opening it at school. Do not recommend
Fabric has already torn at seem after minimal use.
It started staining and cracking within the first week of use!
We received two of these for our wedding. The pepper one works great. The one we use for salt has been replaced twice. It keeps malfunctioning for no apparent reason. UPDATE: Customer service was great and sent us the newest copper ones. Haven't had a problem since!
Lid clamps broke fairly quickly after receiving.
Cannot put a hot pan on top or it will melt the surface. It shows as many marks as a white cutting board.
it worked great for 2 months then the display kept blinking completely out - then it went out for good until my power went out in my house . when it came back on half of the numbers were only lit. now they are out of stock of course.
I purchased this item because most items made in France that have anything to do with cooking are excellent products! I own casserole dishes a dutch oven both made in France. They are top quality. These bowls are not. My Libby brand I've had for years so durable.
I bought this container because the cheap one I bought at Walmart leaked and got olive oil all over my counter top, and cabinet. So, I wanted to get something a little more expensive and not have the leaking problem. Well, this one leaks too. I have a glass plate under it and have to keep it on the counter top as I don't want it leaking in my cabinet. I think the leak happens when I pour it out, and then whatever is left in the spout just leaks out of the bottle down the side and onto the counter. Not happy.
Smaller than it looks, cracks and tears easily.
It was hard to pack my tea into the cutest little diver ever and the tea disnt really sift through as well as i would like. Its adorable and a great gift but true tea lovers wont get that string tea taste
Lid broke simply from screwing it on
Some parts came broke no damage to shipping box.
Way too small for the amount of grounds I use for one cup. Maybe it's just me, but I grind 1/3 cup whole beans, and that fills this to a little below the top. Then pouring in water: have to do a little at a time, takes forever. I'll exchange for the large size, use #4 filters like I've always done, for a comfortable setup with elbow room (like you see in coffee shops that do custom drip; they never use these small sizes for single servings.)
I like the concept, but it pops off after any extended time on a carbonated beverage. It is still useful to keep fruit flys and such out of my can, but only if I leave it slightly cracked to let the carbonation escape. It can be quite startling when it pops off, so be ready.
The bag and the boxes are great. The ice packs do NOT stay cold for as long as they advertise. I work 12 hour shifts and halfway through my shift, I'm having to throw food out because it is warm. I've contacted the company via FB and all they said is the ice packs should last for 12 hours. Not impressed!
Can't get much in it
Too hard to work with. every time I use it I have to think about how to position it and it is difficult to turn.
I like that the bags are pretty and well insulated. I do not like that the bags do not keep cracker type foods crisp. They get soggy within the day.
Worked well at first, but 4 months later it's toasting just one side. It's used often, but It should last longer that.
Was expecting ice cubes to be bigger. Disappointed
Cheap material but it's doing it's job. I just feel as though I won't be able to have it for long before it may fall apart.
Cheap junk, the picture is what it looked like when it arrived and several items are broken, may be alright for beginners but still, broken pieces, spend a little extra money and get something worth while.
I was hoping for something to more reliably get whole kernels without cutting into the cob itself. I was curious what clever mechanism this had to cope with corn cobs tapering off at one end. Turns out... it has nothing. It's just really bad at getting corn off the narrow end of the cob. In some cases, it left a full third of the cob un-stripped. It works pretty well on the wide end (be sure to twist as you push down!), but can't help at the bottom. If I'm going to need to use a knife to cut that much off, I might as well just use the knife in the first place. Not worth the money or the effort.
This is a great product but lid smells so bad it ruins the flavor of your drink (not to mention worrying what toxins may be coming from the smelly plastic.) I have bought many but they must have changed the lid. I wish they would go back to the other lid. Sigh.
More of a pain in the arse than anything
Ran it all day and it still didn't make ice cream...
the hinge broke after one year - not even a year of heavy use.
I bought this based on the wonderful reviews, but am beginning to think I can't trust amazon reviews anymore, with all the free giveaways for good review kind of incentives. I will return this machine because it only works for the set options. I have used bread machines before, and made healthy nut, seed, whole wheat breads, almond flour breads, etc. This one has 1 whole wheat setting, cannot add or change anything. No almond flour or alternative options. No option to add seeds and nuts as the 'fruit' option only works on few of the recipes, not whole wheat. Very limited recipes. I went on their website which looks like this is a tiny Chinese operation with no customer service. Still looking for recipes that will work on this machine and asked the supposedly customer service. Will wait till Monday to see if there might be other recipes they send me. Amazon reviews are unfortunately not reliable, that is my learning.
I got two in the package. One of them the cap doesn't seal all the way so I can't use it as a shaker. The other one is so difficult to snap down and then open again. The lid is hard to clean because there's little edges and corners that stuff gets stuck in and it's hard to reach.
The quality is very low on this item. It looks attractive and basically functions. To refill I needed pliers to pull off the plastic top within the metal casing. In order to remove the top I also had to first read through the q and a bc although it obviously needed to be pulled from the top, this didn't easily happen. Buy this pepper grinder if you're willing to accept poor quality which is far below the warm and enticing hype describing its values.
These do not look like the picture at all. They are longer and have extra writing (the measurements) that were not pictured. There is also no curve at the top and they all lay flat. The finish is a lot shinier as well.
It is a lie that this is called "non stick"
After using a few times all the speed numbers and eject buttons wore off. The container that hold the cord and beaters does not stay attached. Would not recommend.
Wore out far to quickly. After about 6 months everything sticks. Went back to buying pans from restaurant supply store.
Updated review. Bottle lasted only 5 months with daily use. I emailed support about a replacement. We'll see if they respond. I've seen a lot of other people with the same problem. Engineering might want to find a stronger material. 2 cents
I wanted to love these... they are gorgeous. But after a couple washes the PAINT has been removed. I'm a little upset about this, because I feel like I was eating PAINT. I would not recommend these at all.
The latch is poorly made and broke the second time we used this item. I wouldn't suggest purchasing this product, but if you do, also make sure you have a place to buy ten-inch tortillas (many places sell six-inch, eight-inch, or twelve-inch tortillas).
Waste of money. Too small. Hard to empty. Only one had a cover.
When I first got this, I thought it was a great purchase. I have only had it 3 months. I took it outside to shake out and about 10" of the corner ripped right off.
Have used for 11 months before posting review...Appears well built but fails in function. Grinding is very intermittent. Not recommended.
It's just way to small to use correctly, and The green attachment comes off very easily.
These are nice glasses, however, this is the second time we ordered these, and the second time in two weeks they were shipped with no packing materials...no bubble wrap, no peanuts, no paper, no nothin.' Both sets arrived with broken glasses. Now we have two uneven sets. One set of glasses was shipped with other heavy items and no packaging material...the other was sent in an empty box with no packaging material. I hate to give nice glasses a low rating...it's the shipping that lacks.
I like that these are safe to microwave in and easy to clean. However, they don't zip well so you have to be careful they don't open up if you throw them in a lunchbox or something.
Wasn't large enough, also didn't like the fat that the grill isn't on a slant so the fat doesn't drain well
These magnets are not as strong as others I have had. I was going to use these for the bases on my 40k models and they weren't strong enough. I've had smaller magnets that were considerably stronger. Their not worth the trouble of returning so I'll find another use for them.
Expected it to be larger ! Doesn't even hold a regular size pint!
The say you have to return the highchair at your own cost. I just need the screws and washers. Now I have to buy them.
The lids are difficult to attach, bent in dishwasher, and break easily.
These funnels aren't large enough to catch whatever mixture you're pouring. Further, any solid or powder will get stuck in these funnels and it becomes more trouble than it's worth imo.
I purchased to try to make cough drops. The syrup would get trapped under/behind the thermometer and then burn.
The fit is okay, but it doesn't stay screwed together well. I'm now stuck tightening it every time I make coffee and burning myself when I try to take the lid off or put it on. I should have just bought a new coffee pot.
Broke after the third use.
After a couple of months the machine stops brewing coffee at the selected size ; the clean cycle light keeps turning on and the clean cycle never completes a cycle.
They are not deep enough to hold any reasonable amount of food. Disappointed.
If the role of paper towel is full it does a decent job of doing what it is designed to do. Once the role is about 1/4 down it no longer lies against the paper towels and is no use.
Love the product but I ordered it on August 11 with Prime 2 Day Shipping and didn't receive until August 15. Not very happy experience.
Shapes shapes much bigger than expected. And some them we are not shaped properly to represent the animal or shape they're supposed to be.
The capacity is too small.
I was not a fan of this shower curtain because it looks a lot better in the picture shown and the material is more plastic feeling over cloth feeling, so I returned it. It was a good price if you don't care about those things.
It looks nice but it is hard to screw together had to keep on trying several times to get them to line up so I didn't cross thread it. iIt leaked pickle juice in my bag. It was a pain in the butt to put together.
Out of 12 ornaments 6 were cracked. I guess the 6 functional ones are going to work well for what I need them for haven't tried yet. Just opened package.
The sign go get broken. Can I please get a replacement ?
I bought 2. the first one the display went out after using it less than 20 times.
Welp, 2nd grider broke yesterday. Item purchased in October 2017. Will not be buying again. Attempted to contact supplier, heard nothing back.
They looked okay but wouldn't float with helium. They were too heavy so I ended up not using them.
Don't use liquids if you don't want them covering everything in your lunch bag. The only thing good about them is their size.
I got this as a gift for my husband and he was SO excited. However, there is a small hole toward the top of the horn, which means it will not hold liquid. Looks like they don't offer returns or replacements, which to me means they ought to have a higher standard for the quality of their product. Very disappointed.
Usually, Breville seems to be a top product, good quality, but not here. This unit is light weight and feels like a foil pan. The other day, a sliced English muffin got caught below the rack and it took two people to remove it. I should have returned it, but it's been used and the box is torn down. I bought mine on sale and would really be upset if I'd paid full price. It's really a cheaply built item......don't buy it......
I'm a big coffee drinker, so I bought these mugs thinking they were the perfect size for a good cup. So far, I've had 4 of the 6 shatter on me. As in explode for absolutely no reason. I generally ignore my dishwasher and hand wash everything, so I can verify that none of them had hairline cracks or chips prior to shattering on me, but they do tend to explode with just hot coffee in them. Not boiling, just hot. Attractive or not, I definitely wouldn't buy them again. My startle reflex has been tested one time too many for my taste..
Didn't get 8 cup container that is suppose to be part of the package.
Edit: Did the magnet test which failed, I question if this is actually steel and of course it didn't work on my induction range. Looks nice but did NOT work on my brand new samsung chef's collection induction range. The magnets kept trying to connect with the base and eventually the burner shuts itself off. Water does not boil.
Most of the cups are attached together and impossible to pull apart. Some were broken.
Came with one side of the tray not properly glued/nailed down. I will fix myself, because I don't want to waste the time sending the product back and waiting for a new one. Disappointing!
Item arrived with a hole in it and about 1/3 of it all over the box.
More trouble than they are worth. You have to prep them with oil or Pam, pour them in and wash up afterwards. A real pain in the ***. All for an ugly misshapen egg.
Product looks nice! However, I wasn't able to use a lot of the pieces because they came chipped or cracked. I had to replace many of the plates and it was a huge inconvenience. Each pack had unusable pieces too many for the amount of money paid
I just received this pan, and the quality of the pan seems very durable, and it comes with instructions for use and cleaning, etc. The pan I received has quite a large dent in it, so I am not thrilled with that. I just really wish it didn't have a dent because it's so heavy duty I was excited because I figured I wouldn't be getting that popping sound when its in the oven and I have 6 sisters who do a lot of baking and I figured I could share this product with them if it had been great. I will probably provide an updated review after some use.
For small items is ok for large plates no so much it lasted mentor about 5 moths one little piece broke when I was gonna clean
Paint started to wear off where you were drinking from
very hard to pour water into the coffee maker with the carafe. i have a pitcher i use
Poor design makes it drip every time we pour from it. We had a nearly identical Le Creuset kettle for years but it had a removable top for the spout - a vastly superior design. This one with the attached / hinged top on the spout results in dripping badly whenever water is poured. Its not just a couple of small drops - is usually a small puddle - what a mess...
Does't work well and damages the ears of corn.
These splinter every time I wash them or use them with any food that is remotely moist. Also, they have a faint, wonky taste at first (even after rinsing). I wanted to love them, but they just didn't do it for me.
These glasses were very attractive but the base cracked too easily. I am left with 6 tops and no stands. Would not buy this again.
Not able to hold lids. too light. do not recommend.
these are uncomfortable, they are thick, hard and skinny, ewww.
Didn't realize it was plastic. Heavy weighted but feels cheap
After the first wash I noticed one of the knives had what appeared to be rust spots up the whole length of one side of the blade. If you look closely you can see there are missed areas of the coating like little spots in a row. I've only had this set for about a week.
The coloring and picture itself on the mat is very nice. I haven't had it out long enough to tell if it will will wear well. It does not offer much, if any , cushion. So if you want to buy this for the cushion, try something else.
I have purchased from this seller before and loved it but this time was terrific! My product was leaking and the bags were puffy.
Cheaply made. 2 have broken already - one when I was separating them for the first time and another when it dropped
Like the material, glass and measurement indication. However NOT pleased with the mess left after attempting to pour contents into a container. Constantly runs down the side and drips off bottom!
This product isn't half as good as my previous one. The strainer flips up every time you pour grease in it. You have to hold it down with a fork with one hand while pouring with the other hand. Don't waste your money.
The hinges broke within a week.
Not a fan. You might as well get a big one.
I ve purchased two sets of this product, 2 months ago, and they started to get oxide in various places, they are supposedly stainless steel so they should not get like that, all of the hace a little stain of oxide were the the brand is. A super disappointed! They look so beautifull in the table. PS. I don't wash them in the dishwasher, and i dry them right when i wash them.
Individual cubes are way too small. About the size of a pencil eraser. Not a bad product, just not what I was looking for.
I liked the looks of these but some of the balloons had weak spots which caused the balloon to pop while inflating.
4 stars for the carafe, 1 star for the fact that it turned up with old coffee in the bottom of it. Gross.
I absolutely love these they are great for my popeye's but I'm finding that my pop eyes are still burning around the edges don't know why I even recommended Them to a friend... For me the kind of work they kind of don't
They did not arrive in time for the party. Just as well. The handles were not very comfortable to hold. I went to party city and got very nice gold and black paper cups (tall ones)...Cheaper in the store!
The glass broke as I was mixing contents (chia pudding) w a spoon. So far the others seem ok but it shouldn't have broken so easily ...
I would have liked it to be condensation proof and also easier to drink from the straw.
This is certainly a sturdy can opener but it's really hard to use. It's all steel and turning it is difficult. I have strong hands so I'm surprised this is a uncomfortable to use as it is.
The silicone edges don't grip the counter. Without that, these are just another plastic cutting board. I returned mine. Love OXO, but these were a disappointment.
The fridge itself is great. Works properly and have had no issues (my husband had it for months). What I was disappointed about is the fact that it came with a dent on the front door. It still closes properly, but it looks bad. Got it for my husband to use it at work (he's an automotive technician), so I don't see it and it doesn't bother me, but he still brings it up every so often and it makes me sad. He said he did contact the seller, but they never replayed to him.
They sent me the wrong color and it has little spikes coming from the ceramic.
One of the small bowls arrived with a small permanent black mark.
Too big for espresso spoons, but go with gold trimmed espresso cups
It has a wrinkle, like the way it was packaged. I've tried a few way to get it to lay flat with no luck.
I got all 25 syringes but never got the rack that was in the description. Kind of ordered the more expensive one assuming I would get everything described in the product.
I used his product three times and loved it! Then, I went to use it as I have the previous times and it wouldn't turn on at all! So disappointed.
For what I bought it for it works great. However, it has a chemical smell to it that made me want to not use it. I put it through the dishwasher 3x and it still smells bad, almost like nail polish remover odor. Not quite sure what to do about it, already had thrown away the box, it was unexpected that it would smell like that. Didn't seem to transfer to the food however, but it is very disturbing.....
this might work on yeti, but it don't work on at least two other Chinese tumblers
It's a cool concept, but it leaks... I have a mess to clean up every time I use it...
The glass is nice quality, however the lids don't all fit. They keep popping off. I won't get again. Sorry.
I thought these would be perfect for packing home lunches during the school year for my son. I was excited to see the dividers to keep food separate. I wanted a glass container for the purpose of warming up foods in the microwave. When loading my sons lunch in his lunch box I tilted it sideways and all the food mixed, it wasn't until then that I noticed there is a gap between the top of the glass where the lid snaps and where the dividers start. If your lunch box is shaped horizontal or if you just keep this in your refrigerator for leftovers- this product would work just fine. I just had bigger hopes for it. I love the thickness of the glass and the snap lids.
This is a nice looking flask, a bit small but useful. No funnel was included in the package. I have to find something small enough to use.
Don't use very many on your dessert because they taste terrible. Cute but wish they tasted better. Ordered these to use on a bridal shower dessert but opted not to use them because of the taste. I would not purchase again.
Ok so I bought this for my daughter for daycare. This box is annoying the container portion gets stuck to the top like suction and impossible to open. I hope it never gets stuck at school during lunch.
Cover falls out when pouring drinks, the kids have had major spills and had to change clothing a few times
Way too difficult to use and cheaply made.
I purchased this blender in July at $90. Looks nice, has plenty of attachments and seemed like a good deal. Used twice a month, it worked fine. Around 6 months in, I began to make smoothies daily. Sometimes twice a day. After a month of this frequent use the motor began grinding and making the screw that holds the attachments come off mid-use. I went online and read how to tighten it up and did that. It lasts a day or two between tightening sand you have to hold the blender or cup on tight so it doesn't fall off. When I called about the warranty, I was told to find a box to pack it, drive it to a drop off location and once they received it back they would send another. About a 2 week turn around. Because I use this daily, I will be just replacing it instead of dealing with the hassle and I won't use this brand again.
Worked fine for 2.5 months, then I handwashed it tonight and almost all of the outer coating (paint?) came off with no effort. Inside is still fine. Strange.
Sent for a request to return this item. The metal framing is twisted and it won't fit on the tractor properly, have yet to hear back regarding a full refund or compensation to have this problem fixed
After just a few uses, the crank handle started to just turn without actually engaging the cutting mechanism.
Got this thing a few weeks ago, and used it twice.....Worked great, and then it didn't work at all.. Followed the directions for using/cleaning, but for whatever reason it's not working.
Clunky, not nice in the hand
This kettle felt cheap to me, too lightweight and I can picture it denting in no time. Also, it is not very large. Returned it.
Very disappointed that they cannot be put in a dishwasher. The description says durable and easy to clean. Clearly they are not durable if you can't put them in a dishwasher.
Very small table. The items processed must be around 5 inches at most. The table will not allow for bigger pieces of food.
It lasted for 6 months and then cracked. It was a perfect fit and I didn't use my blender to crush ice or anything heavy duty like that. Unfortunately, I'm just over the six months. I am disappointed.
Well, this lasted just over a year before the blade mechanism basically melted, leaving my last smoothy tasting pretty gross! I could already notice a decrease in performance prior to the ultimate breakdown. I suppose it is among the cheaper of the more hardcore blenders out there but I still expected more use. Debating whether to buy replacement parts but may just switch to a higher quality machine.
To start off, we have purchased the original tumbler before, 30 oz. Really liked the everything about it. Then we wanted to buy another, which we did. However we received the 'newer' model when we payed for the original Rtic tumbler. The newer model does NOT work with our current handle or lids. Bought this as a Christmas present and was disappointed to find out it did not work and was not the same cup we paid for. Sent it back and hope that I receive the original this time.
Really enjoy the copper version, it works really well and looks like a quality product, great for the price too! Edit: after several weeks this product became so hard to turn that it was unusable, forcing me to to get a new one. It looks and seems nice at first but it doesn't take long to stop working properly.
did not toast evenly one side very little and opposite side done well
I will not be ordering again 3 cups cracked and 9 bottom pieces cracked as well not worth ordering you can get better ones at the dollar store and pay less
Bought this because the other chrome one was getting rusty. Got this yesterday and it's small. No section for cups. Also, when i washed some dishes i heard a crash, the tray fell in the sink as they tray is slanted. Not worth the price to me.
The design is good, but the execution is off. I am rating this 2 stars because the metal housing towards the top of the pen often pops off when I write for extended periods of time. Admittedly, I probably apply more downward pressure on the pen when writing than most, but I find that I often need to stop writing and push the housing back to avoid it shooting across the desk.
After getting these pots I was worried because I was afraid they were not worth the money. Well are reading the directions about the use and care for these pots, I followed them and have had zero problems.
Looks very pretty but not sturdy at all!! Break easily
I've noticed several different brands that have the same style as this and with the price point and reviews, I decided to purchase the cheaper one...This one does not let you adjust how fine you want to grind the pepper/salt. When I grind the pepper especially it comes out in big chunks and if you have little kids they do not like big chunks of pepper in their food...at least mine don't. Does the job but if I could go back I would have looked into getting one that lets you grind the pepper a little more finer.
Seemed pretty durable. The handle broke off during the FIRST use.
visible non-flat surface on one side... maybe just bad luck. Didn't bother to get a replacement
The company is not thinking for the clients - no charger is attached. Thus once you get the whipper you can not even test it and have to order the whole box of chargers waiting for their delivery.
I really enjoyed this water bottle. I got it for vacation and used it the whole time..however the lid was also broken the entire time. The lid has a screw portion built in to the cap to seal the lid, and the glue broke on it after unscrewing it for the third time. Very disappointing. This was supposed to be a high quality product. Only rated 2 stars because I do love the water bottle even though it broke faster than my bottle from Dollar Tree.
There was no sharpness in blades. You have to push really hard to cut the vegetables. I'd rather prefer knife than using this.
4 months later a metal piece and spring popped out. It does not screw in. It is a friction piece. I reinserted the pieces, tapped them in, and on the next use it popped out. Therefore, no operable. Time to order something similar.
Was great when it arrived. Had it for less than a month and the bottom is warped.
I'm so disappointed! This box is super cute but standard tea packages do not fit in these compartments, the spaces are way too small. Really makes me sad that I have to send this back.
Very slow steamer. Very slow moving blades
Light weight as if it will dent easily. Top does not properly close.
They get pretty wonky after one wash in the dishwasher.. even on the top rack. They also aren't good at keeping juices contained in the compartments.
Way too small! Didn't even use...
Bear was alittle too big. The description of product didn't have size of cutters.
None of the bags reused well at all. They do not seal a second time and can not be submerged ever. They are also very difficult to clean if you're cooking sous vide
The coffee pot was the one that I needed to replace the broken one. However when pouring water into the maker there is a spot around the rim and the glass that leaks. I don't have problems with pouring a cup of coffee as you don't tip the coffee pot over as much. I just don't like cleaning water up off the floor every time I fill the pot but I'm working around it as I have no coffee pot
Smaller than expected and seems cheaply made.
The pan I received was not flat, there was a definite bump in the center. So the oil or anything else liquid would run to the edges. Then after only a few weeks the Teflon finish started flaking off. You get what you pay for.
I bought these for my boyfriend who has Hulk hands and tends to break all wine glasses. After 2 times of this in the freezer, one of our glasses broke apart and is continuously splitting every time it is put in the freezer. Even when he doesn't Hulk him, we have the worst luck with the glasses we get. Guess we should switch to beer!
Beautiful print but very faint in comparison to ad. Had to return. Did not match expectation and renovation design
not really hard enough but it worked
The rack looks great on the wall; however, the magnets are not strong enough, so all but the smallest paring knives slide down and fall off the rack. Not safe or functional.
These coasters are pretty heavy. They are sand stones. I was shocked to see them shipped in a standard yellow business envelope, sans proper packing material. The box was torn and the stones were chipped. not up to Amazon standards.
I wanted to like this but it was defective out of the box! The knob is stuck and it won't turn. Because of this, I am unable to adjust the heat setting :( Otherwise, it is a good size and shape. It would be perfect if it actually worked...
I don't like it because it didn't work for me. Is it the fault of the antenna--well, there's no way to figure that out without buying more of them. Just keep in mind that getting a product like this to work can be tricky, and much more difficult than the old days of analog TV and antennas.
there to small , can't use them for forks or spoons. I tried to eat a salad, what a tripp nothing stays on. Ha ha the joke is on me. I give it a 2 star because there eco friendly.
I generally like OXO products, but this one was disappointing. I could not get it to remain standing in the oven, it was not easily readable, even when I opened the oven door, and the glass broke not too long after I started using it (don't remember the circumstances of that). Also, either the thermometer or my oven was not consistent.
When I buy kitchen items like a cutting board, especially hard plastic ones, I look thru the stack for the one with the least flaws. I had reservations about ordering this cutting board because I knew the warehouse would grab anything and shove it in a box. That is exactly what happened. It did come quickly, but was warped. It wasn't too bad, but bad enough that it wobbles on the counter and buying those clear plastic bumpers to raise and level it didn't work. It is a nice size, and the exact size I needed. It replaced a slightly smaller cutting board that had larger grooves to catch the fluids. This has a more narrow groove and a bit shallow...but it works. Another issue is that it scars easily. The knives leave deeper cut marks than the other cutting board. I'll keep this for a while because I like the size, but I'm looking for a better replacement.
My items just arrived. One spoon is broken in half and the other doesn't match my set. The items were shipped in the flimsiest plastic bag I've ever seen! The forks and chopsticks are nice, though. I've contacted the seller to exchange them for the same product in good condition.
Very small. Dorm room style.
I like the color pink and black and the way it blends the powder only problem is it has a little leak that when it's in my bag for a while my duffle bag get wet. Wish it's airtight so I don't need to worry about my changing clothes being wet.
It works well, I used it on a large jar with coldbrew coffee. It did not leak when pouring or anything like that. It's a little thick, which causes it to bend the metal of the ring part of the lid, making it every hard to take off. After the 5th use we could no longer get the lid off the jar at all and ended up having to throw out this lid, and our large Mason jar. Great..
The quality is okay but takes forever to get warm in 70 degree weather outside as we use it for rv trips. Might want to spend a little more money and get a better quality warmer. Told are plastic and crack easy which is largest complaint, had to clue 2 already.
the price was right but it's really small
I like the plates because of the individuals dividers, however I did receive a broken plate. I am not returning it, because I don't believe in doing that, I Threw it out. The plates can't be microwaved for no more than 2 min. And have to be handwash, due to it losing its color. Thank you.
Material harder than expected.. so doesn't stretch easily on different boxes
These covers are thick and not very flexible. If the fruit or vegetable is smaller than the protector opening it doesn't protect the fruit from fruit flies or from browning. If it's a little big the cover won't stretch to cover the item. Soft veggies get bruised trying to get it into the cover. I returned them.he
Beautiful but 2 were broken
These cups work fine once you have them separated from each other, but we can't get them apart from each other without bending them a bit. Won't be buying them again.
Originally I loved this set. I loved they were magnetic and were double sided. However, after 4 months of owning these, the magnet attached to the smallest measuring spoon as fallen off. We don't use the small measuring spoon often, so there's really no excuse for this. Unfortunately we can't find the magnet, so we can't try to glue it back.
I think it is a bit over priced.
Loved this product very much UNTILL trying to manipulate small things (holding a hot sausage to cut into pieces). Slips all around. The silicone tips do not grip well. Next time I'll get all metal.
Bought to use in transferring shampoo from big to smaller bottle. It didn't work. These are probably better for liquids.
Good product but to expensive for the 8 inch. Doesn't make sense that they cost almost double than the 9 inch. Would not buy again!!!
the item is very nice, however the plastic top came cracked so water is able to leak even when closed.
Wouldn't order them again - the cups leak and the lids don't fit reliably..
I like the dust pan but the handles come off from the broom too easily. It's a hassle to put it back every time I use it.
The honey needs to be very thin to run through the bottom.
Pretty, but not absorbent. I don't recommend them.
I bought this for the office which is very cold. It does not heat as well as I expected.
These are pretty cheaply made.
I dislike there isnt anywhere to find the coffee pods, i been using tea because of this
It worked really well at first but after around a month now it doesn't turn on or even ignite with another lighter. It's alright but stops working really fast wouldn't recommend because it dies fast
Not impressed. Food sticks really bad. Also I wish the was a skillet that was a little bit bigger than the small one , but smaller than the larger skillet.
The rack looks nice, but is terrible! It is not made to fit all the four plates, so in order to fit, you need to force them into it. Since the porcelain material that it is made of is also not the best quality (which is expected by the price), you will end up breaking it easily, like I just did on the third use. They really need to redesign the rack to fit the plates, otherwise you should not buy it. Or, store it somewhere else, which in my case, doesn't make any sense since I bought it mainly because of the rack and how nice it looks on it.
We bought this after having a great experience with a kitchen aid blender, and use our blender 2-3 times a day. This blender is a great red color but is already leaking at the base and not blending as well. Very disappointed...
These are kind of light weight. If I had to do it over, I would be looking for better quality.
It broke after one use
I liked that this was inexpensive but I started to use it for carrots and it broke right away. The only thing I had used it for in the past was onions and peppers... carrots are harder but it should be able to chop a carrot if you ask me.
Received 8 bowls. They weren't individually wrapped which was fine but one of the bowls has a crack in it. The bowls show scuffs and smudges which seem to rub off but I would have expected them to be cleaner and more presentable.
First, I have one of the can openers that cuts the top off from the side of the can instead of the top, this strainer did not fit any better than just using the lid. Second, the can I was going to use it on was filled to the brim with diced green chilies and full of juice to the top. To put this strainer on with the curve in the strainer portion causes the fluid to run all over as I tried to snap the product onto the can... What a mess...
Was much flimsier than I expected. Left stains after being placed in the dishwasher. In the future I will buy something a little more heavy duty.
It worked only one time, second time I wasn't able to sharpen the knives again. Pretty disappointed, will try sharpening stones next.
it looks pretty and you might think this product has 4-stars but if you look more carefully, the only positive reviews are from people who rushed to review it soon after purchase - it will fail in less than a year not sure if you want to consider a kettle disposable and something you have to replace every year so your ~$ 15 or so will be doubled in that you have to buy another spend a few more dollars on something better and check reviews that were written many months after purchase
Horrible packaging. Two of the three arrived broken.
I never leave reviews, but I had to say something about this item because it just stopped working after only having it for 2 months. I'm really disappointed because I used it often and the product itself is easy to use. I dont understand why it broke; it wasn't dropped or misused, it just simply stopped working. If you're going to use it often, I'd recommend a better brand.
I like the fact they have a cover but it takes so long to get the cubes out of the mold. You need to poke them one by one.
These are a little too loose and flimsy for high volume use.
Cute...but the stems do not come out with the apple. 😕
Handle broke with first use
There are nice features to these bags (like the measurements and the free standing bottom), but they are very hard to close with the plastic bar on top. I wanted to like them and the re-usability, but if you can't close them without struggling for 5 minutes, using them doesn't seem worth it.
Emits ozone and does extend produce life when it works. However it shuts off randomly and has to be shaken to turn it back on.
Tack welds broke holding blade to tube the first time I used it on pineapple.
bought this just over a year ago and it was great for the time it worked. Just last week the right burner (small one) went up and left us in the middle of prepping dinner. When my new ones I ordered arrive I will take this apart to see if it was electrical internal or failure on the actual burner. The only thing that kept it from getting 1 star is because when it worked it was fast and quick to heat up and cooked evenly.
The mug is too heavy to carry around. It gets really hot to the touch, which makes me wonder how it possibly could keep coffee hot inside. Also, it has a vacuum problem. When you try to drink through the lid, the coffee just dribbles out, making it really difficult to drink. It's cute, though. I'll give you that.
low quality and very light
I can't get these to work. The water shoots out and creates a mess. I would not recommend.
My Daughter bought one a year ago, and wor a couple of weeks only. I bought one and work only a couple of weeks. My daughter replacment is working fine. Let see what happend whit mine.
The grinder was easy to use. I have been looking for something just like this. The problem is that the output is too course even at the smallest setting.
just too small should have looked at the dimensions closer
Doesn't come with all the listed attachments.
Great product, but you can't use it with the valve stem being cracked. Twice I've had to replace this valve neck (it's black plastic with the green bottom, about 1" high and connects into the clear air tube connecting the to the container). The first time I returned the whole to Amazon because they said they don't have replacement parts. This cost me a lot of time going to UPS, repackaging the old product, and waiting on the whole unto to be replaced.
Makes some damn good hotdogs but the two rear rollers intermittently jam up after the 3rd time of using this. *Item sent back for refund*
Just does not fit around the burners well enough to keep the stovetop clean.
Plastic on the blending arm cracked open after less than 2 years of rare use... replacement part is $29.99 plus shipping and tax. KitchenAid offers no warranty when you purchased something more than one year ago. So might as well buy a new one even though the motor is still working fine. Overall very disappointed, I really liked this blender.
The design is 'collapsable' so the part that is 'inside' the other, does not fit even 12 oz cans. The 'outer' part is a tight fit with 15+ oz cans. I would have preferred that the 'inside' part was fitted for 15 oz cans making the 'outer' part fitted for 16 oz cans.
It does not hold enough milk & when I frothed the milk it kept spilling out
Do not know how to use it. If someone can send me some instructions for the use of this grill, I appreciate very much.
Not good for washing dishes at all. Soap doesnt really stay in so you have to use lots of soap. If this is meant to scrub then it fails. Its only useful if you soak your dirty dishes first so it comes right off. These are not meant to just wash dishes. Doesnt remove oil well. And when your washing with these, its so soft and slippery its hard to keep it in your hands. The only thing that I think these are useful for would be to touch hot plates or opening jar tops.
The wet grinds are hard to get out of the basket. I went back to using paper filters.
Very disappointed in the dullness of the blades. Slicer is worthless on anything that can't be cleanly cut with a butter knife. Shredding works great on things like peeled cucumbers, etc.
Great for the casual water drinker- I used it for tea and found mold in the case and on the outside of the silicon inside of the metal- Fully impossible to clean
I was vey excited about this until... i wasnt. Its super convenient for the matter it keeps your water warm and you can dispense right when you need it without having to wait at all. My greatest and only problem with this is the fact that after one round of water i saw rust forming on the inside. At first I thought my water was not clean or something fell in however it was a small dot of rust. Unfortunately the timeline to return has passed and now im stuck with it. Hopefully i can reach out to the manufacturer and figure something out because its perfect if it wasnt rusting.
I have a 48 inch round table and this does not fit over it.
product is too small, and there's not enough rum!
Knife does not have any real cutting capability- serration in blade tears if at all and certainly in no way cuts. Overall average quality regarding general product.
Cute bag, but the zipper broke on day one.
This thing is tiny and the magnet isn't strong, it easily falls off and does not stay on the dishwasher.not worth the money.
It was very heavy and did not fit into my walls at all.
Apprehensive on if truly food safe.
Item broke after using it twice.
This item is pretty but it is Super Thin! It's not completely see thru but you will definitely need a while table cloth underneath. Also the measurements are off. Wouldn't fit my standard size table
Arrived on time and packaging was okay. They looked stunning out of the box. I've used them once and washed them once in the dishwasher - there are chips all over the finish and discoloration on the bottom - after ONE use. I won't buy ceramic again or from this company. I wish I still had the box to return them.
Battery does not last long
This says meal prep... I guess it would work for meal prep if you don't prep any wet food. I bought these because it says leak proof, but it is not each compartment inside can leak to the other compartment. You could not use something like applesauce, cottage cheese , unless you were going to keep it up right . It will leak out. It state leak proof ??? Everything is leak proof if you stack them and don't move it around. If this is going in a lunch box it would not be stacked and therefore it would leak into the compartment next to it. So leak proof it is not !!!
Worked the first few times, now everything sticks to them... wouldn't say easy to clean but not a lot of scraping needed
Serrated, but not really sharp and unable to be sharpened. Technically they work though.
Arrived broken. Not cheaper than buying in a container store, from Store would not be broken.
The blades have come apart. Very hard to use. I guess it's more for commercial use and bolted to a table.
It doesn't live up to promises when it comes to leaks. The lid will not go on so that it aligns with the pitcher, making it awkward.
Mug seems to be of nice quality and is easy on the eyes. That said it came without the spoon. There may be a few quality control issues here.
These work best when your dish and the lid is dry. I can't seem to keep them dry though especially after the container sits in the fridge because it collects condensation. I have to dry my dish and the lid in order to use them. I think they require an upgrade.
Not suited for smaller hands. Large, thick and bulky to handle.
Blades could barely crush ice to make a smoothie & it's not meant to drink from. Literally a blender you take around.
I tried this as an alternative to chemical air freshener. It seems nice. However, the price for such a small jar does not fit my budget. I will have to "make my own" air freshner out of herbs and essential oils
Smaller than the original Swing-A-Way can openers I have. I purchased it for my RV. However it's nearly impossible to open a can with it. I have to crank it very hard. Not easy with my arthritic hands. I have no problem using my older regular-sized Swing-A-Way openers. I gave up on this one a threw it out.
Easily disconnect from power source when opening door
Nice concept but canister doesn't hold deal for longer than a couple of days.
Did not fit the mug I ordered to go with it
The screen filter on the plunger is loose and wobbly. It does not press the grounds all the way to the bottom.
This wine opener is not working properly. It doesn't pull the cork out 90% of the time. It screws in then unscrews out of the cork without pulling it out. On one occasion it pushed the cork into the bottle and shot wine out. I would like to return this item if possible.
They work but the plastic gets cloudy after a few days in a candy jar.
it works but it really hard on your hands and difficult to use. If you get the knack of it it will work for you.
Was disappointed in this mug. Had ordered for a friend that's a huge Beauty and the Beast fan. In person, I wasn't very impressed with the design AND the rose was VERY plastic looking. I had also ordered the lid that was supposed to "match" but it really didn't blend very well with it. Since this was for a gift, I ended up returning it -- just wasn't pleased... I have a Tervis mug that I love -- and most I've seen are very pretty/cute -- but NOT this one!!
In less than a month, we started getting plastic slivers in our veggies!! The grate was cutting off slivers of the part of the lid that pushes the food through the grate. I emailed the company and got ZERO response. Now I have a chopper I can't use unless I use the large grate.
Does not calibrate per the directions and reads off by about 2 degrees C. Not that I cared but this did not come in a gift box.
I purchased in November for a Christmas gift for my daughter. She went to open it and the spoon broke. I went to try to return/replace and there's a no return policy.
It keeps our rice warm and fresh for a long time. Poor design on open handle
The fan was assembled backwards. The signage is on the back of the fan. The light indicator is in the front. I tried to reassemble it but hey you get what you pay for.
I like the products they mane my fridge look good inside but when I got my package two of the basket were broken well cracked ! which was very upsetting.
I bought this coffee pot because it had good reviews. Have only used this once a week (for church on Sundays) since June 25. The on/off button quit working this week.
Harley logo not centered on cups. Looks very tacky. I'm sending them back.
Came broken and no spoons
Very small, you need to cut veggies to size to fit and only enough for 1-2 salads. The video must be showing a baby cucumber! Some pieces weren't sliced completely through in several places. By the time you trim items to fit, slice, wash cutter bowl you could have just sliced everything by hand. Will probably return.
When we opened up the pkg. several of the glasses were broken. Fortunately we had enough and did not run out.
The first 2 shipments worked fine, shipments afterwards either fizzled out fast or did not work at all, one canister almost blew up. At first I thought maybe I accidentally put the canister it back in the box until I read the reviews only to find similar complaints.
Only two of the four work. The other two when you tip the cup the flap falls down on nose.
Very small but useful. I use a lot of spoons, easier for me to use disposable ones when the other ones are dirty. Great for lunches.
Use for smoothies, but one of the cups didn't fit my blades, but the other one did.
I am not sure why the word pushpin is in the item description. They are just magnets.
Wanted this product to work so badly. It was the last piece of appliance that was supposed to make my Kitchen perfect...however it didn't, the moment I turned it on it caught fire and burnt every bread I put it in ...reminded me of the roasted marshmallows. Probably because I ordered it via Amazon Global, didn't even have the opportunity to return.
Not very sturdy. Lids are very cheap and easily crack.
Bottle is pretty but you have to press too many times to get the oil out. And the design of the button doesn't make it easy. I returned it.
Probably not their fault, it may have been returned, but it was dirty! Something had spilled on it and wasn't in the original packaging. It does seem to work, so that's good
I purchased this toaster after reading many reviews of the Oster 2-Slice toaster in hopes that this would deliver the same quality toasting. IT DOES NOT! There is NEVER an even toasting no matter where I place my bread, how many pieces are in or even the type (bread, bagel, etc). I am very disappointed.
Not good packaging for shipping. Product box broke open at sealed seam, glasses rolling around in shipping box, (1) goblet broken at stem and bubble wrap just caressed the inside of the shipping box (useless.)
Great bottles, this was my second order. But this time they came with no lids. It's silly that I can't find an option other than a return and re-order to try to get lids.
I nought this because it said 32 PIECE. I thought that meant 32 jars. It was only 12. The pieces include the stickers, and the broken chalk pen they sent me.
This is a piece of junk. Don't bother wasting your time or money. I tried it once and threw it in the trash. It didn't press the garlic through the holes very well at all.
Very low quality toothpicks. Yes, I thought there was no such thing either until I bought these. Very fragile and brittle. Break extremely easily. I guess I got what I paid for. Threw them all away.
The product was exactly as pictured. Only thing that i would comment on is that maybe you should package in an box because The stickers were all creased.
Tried it multiple times and it doesn't work. I love hard-boiled eggs and really wanted this product to work, but it doesn't. And to make it even worse, the one lid doesn't fit tightly, so it leaks. Will be sending it back for a refund when I get the time.
Looks junky it's a lot smaller than I thought and the wax is faded and cracked. Wish I read the other reviews before ordering. I probably won't use this on the cake.
The pepper grinder doesn't perform correctly and the salt clumps in the shaker.
The thin sliced bread falls through. That's the majority of what I eat so I needed to get a different toaster.
The whole reason to order this was because it is advertised with padded handrails on both sides. The picture even shows that. But, after receiving it - absolutely no hand rails at all - it's just a step ladder. Very disappointed not having the rails since it was intended for an elderly person to be able to climb up feeling safe.
Very cheap look and feel, and very very lightweight. The design is stamped into the handle so that the reverse side is stamped inward. Perhaps okay for a picnic. Not worth keeping.
Way too small! Not as big as the pictures make it seem.
It was easy to set up and run. It ran for 32 days and my return period expired two days prior to that. It started making 3 cubes at a time instead of 9. Chatted with product support and they were very helpful. Everything settled to my satisfaction.
Out of 4, 1 cracked & chipped.
a stone works so much better. I heated up this pan for 45 minutes, and I can tell you first hand to opt for a stone. it cooks a more tasty pizza.
This product isn't good. The pepper doesn't grind well and I'm frustrated. Grinding by hand would be better than this device. The LED light is an awesome feature but the game not working function.
Shaker came with out the top two pieces. Otherwise okay.
I'm not impressed, kind of cheap plastic. I haven't used it yet but my first impression is not good.
I've had these pans for 2 years. The easy to clean feature lasted a few months before I started to notice that the surface was looking dull and everything was starting to stick. I have tried using oil to treat the pans as their website recommends and I have never washed them in the dishwasher nor with anything more abrasive than a soft sponge but the the pan I use most often is pretty much worthless at this point. Everything sticks to it. I'm very disappointed I had really been excited about these pans and for the first few months they looked great but they didn't last as promised. For around 100$+ per pan I really expected better.
Each layer is not high enough to steam larger items.
1. Extremely noise like helicopter landing. 2. The customer service is poor. I could not even find a phone number on their web site. I emailed them and but never heard back from them.
It comes with no handles.
The product definitely kept things hot for a long time. Used for soups and coffee though and the rubber ring that seals the top holds onto the smell. Leek from a potato and leek soup is still in there and mixing with the coffee... Not ideal.
This would be OK as a baker, but is not good to make a crisp crust pizza. One would have to burn a pizza in order to make it crisp.
There are no instructions on how to put the base together and it's NOT self explanatory. The top is flimsy. Not recommending
These are so tall that they almost seem like they could just fall over. They are super lightweight - I returned them.
The cookie cutter arrived damaged: it was bent into an oval shape instead of a circle, no package damage so it would have been done before shipping. I'm therefore returning it unused.
It works, which is great. It keeps wine cool like it should. But it's not gray (not a light gray, not a dark gray). It's black, which is very disappointing. I actually don't like how it looks at all and wish I had returned it. But I needed to use it the night I received it.
We bought this product for cooking healthy home-made French fries, but they get burned because the stirrer keeps getting off the gear and stops turning. It's like the bottom of the stew pot is a little high for the complete mesh of the gears. I can watch the pot raise and lower -- it turns about 25% of the time.
It doesn't spray a fine mist, it streams a messy pool of oil.
Was a bit dissapointed as i wanted 2 make cookies 4 xmas but it took nearly 3 weeks 2 arrive! Got it 3-4 days before. Not much time 2 make with other holiday preps
very very small = to small
I like the look and build of this knife. But the blade edge does not stay sharp. After one months of usage, it will not hold and edge. Not a surprise as it does not cost the same as a quality knife. It is an attractive knife but I will spend the money on a quality one next time.
We hoped that this would keep our daughter's food warm for lunch at school. We have tried a few times, but her food is always cold by the time she eats at lunch. We like that it doesn't spill and easy to clean, but not doing what we thought it would do.
Works ok but I get better results removing pills with a razor, could've done without this purchase.
Good product, just way too big for cold lunch with the handle. My fault for not checking first of measurements
Love the idea, but poor execution. The mirror on the lid is useless and the handle feels a bit small for my hands. After a month of use silver paint started to peal off from the lid.
The bags have a strong odor that doesn't make you wanna use them
On first use, the bag tore and fell out of my hand causing my food to spill. Luckily the lid was secured by the provided strap, but a good amount of food still spilled out creating a crazy mess inside the bag. I had to throw the bag away. I'm going to buy another brand of carrier with a sturdier strap.
The majority are just the red & blue stars with one or two captain America balloons in the bunch...otherwise cut set
It just did not seem like much when it got here.
Loved these containers because I don't like using plastic. That's being said, the plastic lids are starting to crack. I HANDWASH all my lids, and let them air dry. Can't believe they're cracking like this. Poor quality.
Cute picture and roomy bag, but it literally STINKS! It smells like tires.
Beautiful fabric, but the eyelets rusted after the initial wash. I laid it flat to dry inside and slight rusting started. Returned product.
Silicone Cooking Utensils, Separates from the Stainless Steel Handle and all you see is that Gluey Stuff... I don't want that stuff to fall into my Food!
After 7 months they are discolored, have rust spots, and have black colored streaks on them They fix perfectly but probably would buy better ones Now they look worse than what I was hiding
GOT SPOT AFTER WASHED IN MY DISHWASHER .
Works but fit and finish are poor
First time using this and the black coating instantly started peeling from the stand. Pretty disappointed!
Item was defective and had to do modifications to make it work. The lid with the flip top, the hole to let the water pour out faster was completely shut so I had to drill a hole myself. The rubber seal between the flask and the cap did not sit right so I had to use one from another lid.
To many tea leaves in my mug...
It won't hold water it leaks,sending it back
Not the color in the ad at all and the handle is plastic. Not impressed for the cost! - I will change this when my refund is issued because everyone deserves a chance to turn it around :)
This rusts. Photos attached. Gross. Isn't stainless steel supposed to not stain? No wonder it is now unavailable. A replacement would sure be nice - if they can actually make it out of what they advertise. High expectations?
The minute I washed this thing it started rusting. You get what you pay for. I should have gotten a pricier pan.
Lines not straight, blacks no consistent between lines. Just fuzzy.
This product was supposed to be heavy duty. It is not. After spatchcocking one turkey the spring does not work.
didnt turn out for me
I didn't even try out. I got one look at the flimsy material and returned it. It would not fit my KitchenAid 5qt mixer properly. Don't water your time buying this knockoff. Just go ahead and spend the money on the KitchenAid website and get the real thing. At least it's backed by them. This would definitely NOT hold up too thicker batters. You would have to already mix a watery batter then use this to complete the process, by then you could have just used a regular spatula... This Was a waste of my time.
I have older Tervis mugs that over the years have stained some from coffee. These have a ring around them that WILL NOT come off. Happened in less then 6 months.
I bought you sets. I have one bowl and seven dinner plates with significant flaws in the glazing. The plates all have paint flaking off and the bowl has a hole in the glazing where the ceramic is exposed.
Our two cup filter no longer has the metal piece inside with the holes. You can tell in the photo. It took us awhile to figure out why the machine wasn't working and were even going to send it back but then I noticed the difference from the single cup filter that we never use and the double cp filter. I am guessing when we were hitting out the coffee grinds in the trash it fell out also. We got this less than 6 months ago so I hope it has some more life in it. I could not find out how to contact the seller but I was hoping I could be sent a replacement 2 cup filter? Please let me know. Thank you.
I was hoping this one didn't leak, it does
The kid cracked when opening it after only about ten us s.
Works great but the coating scratched within two weeks. Also, there is aluminum, this is not completely stainless steel.
We initially LOVED these bowls and were so excited to replace our plastic kid dishes with bamboo. We purchased multiple sets of bowls and plates as Christmas gifts for our kids. It is less than 3 months later and one of the bowls already has two huge cracks rendering it unusable. We almost always wash the bowls by hand except for once or twice in the top rack of the dishwasher. We have over 20 bowls so it was used in a rotation. Disappointing for how much we spent.
Stand Setup This stand comes in 4 separate pieces of acrylic. You are required to remove thick plastic that is wrapped around each piece of acrylic in order to see each clear acrylic piece. It's a bit of a rough task as the edges of the acrylic are sharp from being laser cut. Putting the four pieces together is pretty obvious, but you can tell right away that this isn't a very sturdy stand. If someone removes a push pop from the middle, the stand becomes pretty unstable. We used this at a kids birthday party, so we had to make sure that the push pops were evenly distributed after a kid took a push pop. Even with all of that, the stand looks okay. If you're handy, it might be a good idea to super glue the stand together to make it stable. Of course, doing so makes the stand more cumbersome to store for future use. I removed a star for how difficult it is to remove the plastic sticker around the acrylic stand for setup. And I removed two stars for how unstable the stand is once it's setup.
Can't tell if it's working or not. I do know that more than one drop in a small glass of wine will alter the taste for the worse. I may give it another shot, or I may toss it out
Received these filters yesterday. While they look the same size and shape as my original Kenmore Elite 960 filter, I'm a bit concerned whether one of these filters will last as long. That's because when I compared its weight to a Kenmore filter which I haven't used yet, it is much, much more lightweight. So that may mean that it doesn't contain enough filtering ingredients to do the job for as long a period of time (usually my Kenmore Elite filter lasts 6 months). If the Aquacrest manufacturer sees this review, I hope that they will respond and provide an explanation for the weight differentiation because I do wonder if I've wasted my money on an inferior product.
My salad spinner got a crack the first time I used it. I do not recall anything I did to cause it. We used it as normal and put the bowl in the sink. I even rinsed it and wiped it off the water. Then my husband saw a crack.( from top down).
Looked the look, and style. Liked the fact that it's cool touch and quiet. However, if it's only going to last four months this is not a good buy. So disappointed that it quit working already. We just bought this for my mother for Christmas and it's the first of April 2018. Seriously, could have bought a cheep plastic one and it would've lasted longer...
My mother got this for me as a Christmas present. 1st time I used it, it was great. She loved the chicken we did. Cleaned it good. 2nd time we used it, it smoked a little. Turned it off, let it set for a little while and tried again. No smoke and food was good. 3rd time we used it, sparks flew out the back and that was it. Needless to say, it was expensive for something that was used 3 times and lasted less than a month. Thought about checking out the warranty on the manufacturer's site, but I really don't want another one. Think I will try a different brand. Figured it deserved 2 stars because the food did taste good.
The jug is nice, but the stand is worthless, it's not stable at all, and was expensive!!! I will probably be returning this, I don't trust it with a water jug on top of it.
Cut the can lids in a different way. Did not work well after a years use. Very disappointed.
The rods in the block are so loosely packed that knives move and slide around
Had a lot of problems with this unit and ended up returning it. First and perhaps worst, the little tab on the group arm you hold down with your thumb, to keep the basket from flying out when you knock out the grounds, is very flimsy and doesn't stay the handle. Always falling off! and then the basket flies out into the trash. Next, the basket isn't the right size to use with a standard 50mm tamper. It always gets stuck. Next, the bottom of the machine isn't level - it always wobbles right and left when you touch the machine. Last, it's pretty badly made. I managed to break one of the little plastic strips in the base the first time I washed it. And later, the very thin carafe glass broke as well. FWIW, it does heat quickly and the screw-top to fill the water reservoir is easier to grab than other ones I have used.
I love that this holds a lot of water. The color is nice and the handle is convenient. However, it seems to be pretty poor quality. A piece of mine broke off before I even got to use it once
The product itself is fantastic and very real looking. The added seals are even better. But I gave the product 2 stars because they were confiscated within seconds of my bag being checked for the music festival I bought them for. I filled them to the brim, used the seals and you couldn't tell a difference, but apparently security is onto these now. Now not only am I out $13 for the product, but I'm also out the money it cost for 20oz of booze. What a waste!
This is not an 'isle runner', this is a fifteen foot of material. There is no way it can be used as an isle runner. I had to purchase non skid rugs and attach them to it to make it useful.. It is pretty as draping. I would not recommend this at all.
It just came with 88
Seemed nice at first, good packaging. Flexible setup- you can have 1, 2, or 3 tiers attached as needed. However, one of the tiers was already cracked before we even got to use it for the first time! See the pic... Very disappointed. So, the plastic must not be very strong. And given that all setup changes are done by bending and snapping the plastic parts I don't expect this whole thing to last very long.
The recipe didn't work well and did not taste good at all.
It worked great but its very fragile! I bumped it against the sink once, not hard or anything just dinged it while rinsing it out, and half of the glass above the first metal ring broke off.
i love the compartments of this container, and the size is great as well. However, i have only used it a couple times, and the latching tabs that keep it closed have started to fall off.
Glass pot broke just by picking up the handle!!
They did not line up properly and the spring wash hard to squeeze.
We ordered 2 of these and one lid is a pain. It is so hard to put on and take off. I emailed RTIC and they have been giving me a hard time about this for 4 days now as if I'm lying to them. I'm definitely sticking with Yeti instead.
I ordered these before and they were great, this time, 5 of them were damaged, can't use them... they won't close. I wish I opened the box sooner since I don't even have the option to reach out to seller 2 months after purchasing!
I give it 2 stars for turning on battery back lid won't stay closed hence batteries fall out I bought plenty of $15 scales in there all of higher quality they could definitely put a little more effort into this making it's like a cheap toy you know you got imagine if you got a scale that's going to be going in your pocket and around or whatever it's like dude the back of this thing won't even clip shut for a second junk you just might as well take the batteries out of it every time you want to use it cuz if you put it in your pocket you're going to have to pull the batteries out of your pocket anyway you know you could tape it but that would be gay you could super glue it but you don't have to change the batteries out you know it's like I'm not trying to be a dick here but come on man
The outside of the shaker gets very cold making I hard to handle. The lid is always problematic when trying to remove it.
The serrated blade chops the meat. I used it the slice turkey breast for sandwiches. There was a lot of waste or meat dust. Clean up was not fun. The shards of meat get into every part of the machine, even the screw holes. It may be good for slicing even portions of steak or chops, but it is not good for deli thin portions. I can get cuts just as good using a chefs knife.
These are PLASTIC! The pepper milk didn't work. I probably would've kept them despite the plasticy feel if they both worked, but as it was, I returned them. They actually looked great, despite the material, but I at least need both to work!
Beautiful bottle love how it looks but it leaks..
Worked well with thawed fruit.
The rice cooker is good however the way it was shipped was poor. It was off the self box with a shipping label placed on it no other packaging. For this reason I would not recommend. My first review was rejected.
This product worked very well for a few weeks. Unfortunately now, it will not froth any kind of milk. Haven't even owned it a month. And I take very good care of items.
Crazy small...not worth the effort
Mostly wanted this for dicing. Didn't really meet my expectations. Onions/Peppers are impossible to dice with this. I'll have to mess with it more but doesn't really warrant the price. I wouldn't suggest this. I wished I had gotten a regular counter top food processor over this.
I received infant nursery care kit instead of straws I ordered so now I have to waste time returning the wrong item.
This scale is great for travel because of how small it is. However, it stopped working after 4 weeks.
Sent them back... too fragile....they were broken in shipping...I have an older set, different brand much heavier construction... I thought these would be the same, guess not, so not something I would buy.
dough stuck to the sides and could not dislodge items without distorting them
Glass globe does not stay attached. Wish I would have heeded the other reviews. Had to use 2 hands to dispense as it felt like the globe would come off. I didn't find it functional.
I purchased 2, one for pepper and one for salt. The salt one worked awesome for about 3 months but the motor eventually wore out. I purchased another one and it only lasted 2 weeks. The pepper one still works great though!
This was the most we paid for a simple coffee maker, yet last half the time of the cheapest coffee maker. The 'shower head' gets clogged, even with frequent descaling. The value does not live up to the cost of the unit. Don't waste your money.
To start I have to hit on more that One .time. The coffe is no hot enough.
I ordered an RCA FRIDGE received an Igloo fridge. Had a small freezer unit in it. When shopping for the fridge it didn't mention the small freezer compartment which I didn't want. It is also very noisy makes a gurgling sound. Never heard a sound like this very disappointed in this purchase.
Only lasted a few weeks
The ceramic did not even last 6 months with light use; the ceramic coating must be super thin because it is easily scratched to expose whatever metal is underneath.
Disappointed with delivery. Fortunately 90% was not damaged
Button just broke after having it awhile.
This is a beautiful Starbucks cup but it was my Valentine's Day gift and after opening it, I relaxed it had scratches on the lid. For the price point I expected it to be better. It's probably best to buy at the store instead. Will not repurchase.
The product was good for small amounts of dressing, and I don't use much at all. Not good for any types of dipping sauce or if you like a lot of dressing for your salads.
To small, most wine bottle don't fit
The rubber holder came off in the dishwasher
The container to squeeze the batter out was a joke.
Love the cup and idea but after 2 days the outside of it just cracked and broke. I am Going to order another one. This one might just be defective.
Look super sturdy but leak every single time
I did not like that this can opener was not usable for me . I have problems with my hands and it is so hard to use even with the large turning knob. I would not recommend it for those who have weak or painful hands. The only person that was able to use it was my care assistant who has strong large hands other people tried also who do not have issues with their hands and it for was very difficult for them too. It does not turn easily or smoothly and it kept stopping and skipping as you were trying to go around the can. I wish I could find a durable old fashioned type of can opener I had one that lasted for over 30 years.
These filters are not worth the cost. They are not of the same standard as the original filter. Yes, I admit my water has a high impurity level. But the level, according to the Zero water meter has decreased by 150 since placing in service. The original filter lasted 3 weeks. The first replacement filter lasted 9 days, and clogged on the 7th day. Same for the second. The third filter has been in used for 23 hours and the meter already indicates 1. This is after only one fill up of the 30 cup container. Zero water support did not want me talking to their quality control or development sections. They also said when the filter clogs you remove it beat rapidly on it, then reinstall at which point you will see bubbles from the trapped air being released. Again this was not so. I never saw any bubbles and the filters failed within 24 hours of preforming this procedure. They also said no difference between filter provided with the product and replacements, yet the results demonstrate there is a big difference in quality. When you call customer service the canned announcement states if you do not want to wait press #1 leave your name, contact information and a Customer Rep will call you back. I used this option twice and I never did receive a callback. The majority of customer reps I spoke with, including their supervisor who was exceptionally rude and condescending. Added info: The fourth filter clogged almost immediately. Only one 10 glass of water ran through and it clogged. The clogging is not being cause by trap air as stated by ZeroWater, it is in fact the filter material that is clogging the drain hole.
We have been big fans of PackIt products, as they last with our baby needs and children needs. We also love that we can throw them right into the freezer and they collapse, not taking up much space. I don't know if there was a change in the product design, but in under three weeks our is already breaking on the inside liner.
They are ok at best, but you still definitely feel warmth. They are ok for a quick grab but anything beyond 10 seconds it sucks
Cheap, faded, could be bought at dollar store.
Bottle dents easily and then it is useless because it doesn't stand upright
Not as sharp. you do nto get the true benefit of ceramics. I will stick with Kyocera. the cutting board and stand were good but the knifes not so
Magnet came off top piece... I have to be careful now...
We have a small lake cabin and wanted to get wood toaster tongs like we have at home that we've had for over 5 years but couldn't find them. So we saw these, they have a magnet how convenient! We bought them a few weeks ago and have maybe used them three times and they're broken. That's pretty terrible durability.
Didn't work like the video. Really hard to hold veggie and do the peeling. It looked so easy.
I did not realize how small this grinder would be. It's cumbersome to load the peppercorns. And it's hard to grind. The bottom comes off easily while grinding, and the opening on top of the grinder opens while grinding. Maybe it will get easier the more we use it. And I can't return it. But I can buy a different grinder.
Worked for about 6 months, after that there was a 50% that a cooking cycle actually worked. I had to turn it off and on again and restart the cycle and hope it ran that time.
I bought this as a gift for my husband. It was well packaged and nothing broke. I only opened it when I received it to Make sure it was whole. It is solid and nice looking but it is missing the round glass cork pictured in all the photos. I logged on to see if I could contact the seller but it did not give me an option. I'd be happy to change my star review if we can resolve the missing part. Overall it is a nice display set, we haven't used it yet, but it seems like it'll work as described, just missing the top cork.
I bought the smaller mat, because I am 5'1". Because of the design of the mat, the stance is still too wide for my frame. I can stand with both feet on one side of the raised portion in the middle of the mat that is supposed to inspire movement. It inspires movement in that I can't get comfortable so I am always moving trying to get comfortable. I end up with low back pain. I find that I want to trip on the raised area on the back of the mat. I bought this to use with the new sit/stand Varidesk.
I've bought Cusinart brand for over a decade so we were excited to get this “red” coffee pot for our new art gallery. I wish we could return it. All of the components are a flimsy plastic and the red is muted not vibrant as the picture conveys. Brewing and features are fine but we had to run water through the hot water spigot 5 or 6 times to clear the taste of plastic. Would not buy again and not sure if this is just this cuisinart of all of them now.
Exactly what I was looking for but, one arrived broken, and fluid is getting between the layers
This is a big sucker, which is what I wanted. The outside gets extremely hot. Just being aware and careful takes care of that. After two years the plastic dial that turns it on and sets the timer broke. Just order a replacement? Good luck. Can't find anyone who sells it and Hamilton Beach says it's not replaceable and suggests I buy another oven. It's just a stupid plastic knob! You've got to be kidding.
Eh. Bought this for my boyfriend who is a beer lover. We tried them once for a room temp six pack and still had to wait for it to chill. I'd rather just give it an hour in the fridge instead.
Compartment size and depth is perfect for my adult lunch to take to work, but lid cracked around edge during 1st washing in top rack of dishwasher.
Half of them were smashed and had cracks in the paper. They are extremely cute but I won't be able to use half of them the way they arrived.
I would not recommend this style Bodum glass. I purchased a pair a few months back and both have broken. One seemed to come out of dishwasher broken. On the other hand I've had a pair of Bodum Assam glasses for 5+ years and they are both still going strong. I love those Assam glasses. Stylish and practical (and strong).
This frother was great until it stopped working. Purchased in June and died in October, and yes I've tried a new battery. We only used it 2-3 times per week. I'm annoyed that I'm adding to the trash pile. Save up your money for something of better quality.
I love Gilmore Girls & the mug is very cute & well made. It did, however, come with a warning notice inside that said the mug was made with a material known to cause birth defects and other health warnings. Very scary! Made me want to throw the mug away!
When I received my mug it was poorly packaged and the letters were chipped off. I was gonna gift it but I wouldn't do that to anyone.
The pepper grinder fell apart on its first use.
Leaks from the spout in my son's bag.
Because of the configuration of the handle--difficult to transport a pot of hot tea. Further, when filled with hot tea, handle is too hot to touch, much less handle. This does not seem to happen with other tea pots I own. Giving item away to a charity resale shop. I seldom give bad reviews so it almost pains me to do so, but feel I should be honest in my assessment.
Cute molds but they didn't attach to the press very well and also received two of the same mold instead of all 6.
They are not my favorite they are very uncomfortable
I bought these for a cup dispenser at the water cooler. They release 1-7 cups at time. This causes a lot of waste. Not a great value when people through away more than half of the cups dispensed. They are substantial and slightly rigid. A higher quality material than paper. But for a dispenser, they DO NOT WORK!
Looks like it is a remnant
This is not the same product as the swing-a-way I was expecting. It does not make a clean cut or grip well. Also, one hand grip continually tries to come off while using. Very disappointed. I might try again and try to buy this product from another place. I might not. Unfortunate that this product that was beyond compare with others, has allowed itself to be just another can opener that doesn't do the job. Might as well be a Better Homes & Gardens can open from Walmart.
No filter included! Please mail a few out so I don't have to return and buy locally!
It really sucks that I have to go all the way to high speed before it turns off sometimes causing a mess. Then after 2 months it broke.
Initially i loved this pump pot. But within three months of use- 1 pot of coffee daily- the air bellows leaked and it would no longer dispense. Very dissappointing. It kept coffee warm a long time compared to other pots I've owned and I have no other issues with it- just it's early failure. Won't but again.
Don't have an opinion on the item because it was missing screws and i haven't been able to assemble it. Will have to go to the hardware store and get screws.
Kind of just a basic grinder. Now that I have it I wouldn't purchase it again because of the fact that it doesn't grind evenly. Even if you turn it a dozen times you're still going to open it and have stuff stuck in it and you have to pick it out. It's really annoying. Just save your money and get one of those high quality ones. I'm just gonna buy a new one at a smoke shop.
This seemed like such a fun idea. But the reality was nowhere near the fantasy. The kids thought it was sort of dumb and I can't stand the smell. Every timeI came into the kitchen I could smell that cup - even with the cupboard door closed. Had to toss it.
This balloon is not the dark pink color in the listing. It is a much lighter pink than I was expecting.
Mine also arrived with cracks in the outer wall, I know this will happen over time with these cups but they should not have arrived new this way and they were securely packed so I doubt the cracks happened in shipment. Not sure if I will be returning them or not as this size cup is hard to find.
We had a small 4-cup Mr. Coffee and wanted to get a bigger unit. The 4-cup is great. This one, not so much. For one thing it is VERY loud. If it starts brewing before we're awake it will wake us up, and our bedroom is not near the kitchen. It's a sputtering, whistling hot water noise and it goes on for several minutes. Second, if we fill the grounds container more than about 2/3 full we will end up with grounds in the coffee and all over the plastic basket. We like strong coffee so we can't brew more than about 8 cups at once. Pretty disappointed, particularly since we have zero problems with the 4-cup brewer.
Frankly these dividers need to be like, half the size and taller; they're great for dividing cutting boards, but they're too flimsy to hold the entire weight of a pan, too big to hold most small lids, and the weird dip in the middle only accomodates lids with knobs (as opposed to handles). Not really what I was looking for, I'm just going to build something with wood panels and dowels instead.
One of the six markers arrived shattered, unable to repair. No issues otherwise.
The product is not working as well as I thought it would and gets stuck with harder vegetables.
I had high hopes for this product. The straw I received is not the same straw as pictured. It is a gray straw rather than a matching green/teal straw as pictured. The tumbler does keep beverages cold but not as long as it describes. I put water and ice in it at 8pm and at around 2am the ice was completely melted and the water wasn't as cold. If you want a product that will keep things cold/ hot for a significant amount of time, I would suggest spending a little more money on one of the nicer brands. If you are looking for something a little cheaper and more affordable then I would still recommend this but as always keep in mind that you get what you pay for.
It fell apart under heat. Quite disappointed.
Would have been a good product for the price however the spouts leaked where they connect to the jar. We tried hot glue, flex seal and plumbers tape to make it quit but it made a mess at the event. Size of the jugs are good, cute appearance but malfunctioning spouts.
I love expresso. I had a Nespresso machine for years before it gave out. This one stopped puncturing the pods 6 months in. I have called a few times to have this taken care of. The first time was to DeLonghi who says I need to contact Nespresso. When I contacted Nespresso the first lady said her computer froze and I need to call back. I called back and have been on hold for 10 minutes. Totally not impressed.
Arrived with a large dent. Not high quality.
It holds my sponge but the suction cups are awful. They are flat and don't hold on to my sink. I constantly have to press it back. It's always slipping/falling.
This seems like a good peel and I'm sure it would have worked fine, but I am having to return it. As soon as I opened the box I was hit with a strong mildew smell, like the smell old books have. It was coming from the wood handle. I tried washing it, but it did not help. I have mildew allergies and reacted as soon as I opened it. I checked reviews and found some others that stated the same thing. Not sure if it is from where it was stored or what.
Plastic bowed. Cannot open properly.
Barely fit. Not sure this really is made for Ninja or just an acceptable replacement. Would not buy again.
Edited after one month of use: The coating on the basket is peeling off after using no more than 8 times in a month. I purchased this and it was delivered while i was moving, so it sat in the box until the return window was up, unfortunately. I can still use it but don't really want this black coating peeling off and sticking to my food. Bummer. Original review, one week earlier: I love this for broccoli, quicker than oven roasting. haven't managed to make good sweet potato fries from scratch yet.... seems to dehydrate them more than "fry" them. But worth the price for the broccoli alone!
A total mess to put together. The instructions are worthless. The base is small and rounded, and thus wobbly. The included screws are cheap and the included spanner is cheap and difficult to operate. The plastic tray is flimsy and will probably give up in a few months. The rack has to be weighed down, or else it slides all over a countertop. This could have been much better designed with minimum tweaks, but looks like they went with the first idea that they came up with.
The advertisement stated that you would get a fine mist when you used this sprayer to spray oil on your food or in your cooking utensil. When I used the product I was very disappointed I would get a small clump of oil in one spot and spraying got increasingly hard trying to continue to spray. Not a product I would suggest. If you have arthritis I would not recommend this product. It is hard for me and I don't have any problems.
Large, sturdy feeling pan. Unfortunately during the first use, I noticed the pan is curved with the high point being in the middle. This causes all of the oils to flow to the outer rim of the pan, leaving the middle exposed.
Anytime the spout is closed something wiggled on the inside and my son can't suck water out. So everytime I have to open it and reinsert the straw, it's a pain in the butt
Doesn't do a very good job of breaking down foods. My mini food processor does a better job. I was looking for a larger sized appliance but this one missed the mark on mincing and blending.
Way too small to use!
I already reached out to the seller about receiving the incorrect tongs, they offered me a credit of some sort because I decided to keep them. The ones I received did not have the drip legs on the bottom as described & shown in this listing, they were also the wrong color. The silicon seems to be a good quality, but my boyfriend already bent one of the arms so they're probably not going to be durable long term.
This is a great tool on cheese loafs but all 3 that I bought the wires broke within the first week.....Bummer
Two of the handles already have broke off of the utensils
I love Mud Pie products. I bought this bowl as a Xmas gift for my son and daughter in law. They just visited me this past weekend and opened their gifts. The bowl was cracked. I assumed too much time had gone by for me to contact the vendor. But it was so disappointing.
The bag is difficult to clean out because of its size. Smaller would be easier to clean after every use.
Not sure if it's this particular bottle but i've used other S'well bottles and they held ice all day on a hot beach. The one i just received for Mother's Day has the ice melting within 4 hours and the bottle is in my office out of the sun. I'm pretty disappointed.
After the first use I couldn't close them again. Super disappointed.
Sadly, smaller than I had anticipated them being.
These were great till I cut a chicken. UGH Trash....
These have some of the spaces that leak right out of the package. You fill with water and place in the freezer and after frozen a couple of the spaces will be empty with the water having leaked to the bottom of the freezer. Also these will break very easily.
I would love it, except for the fact it wasn't packed well, so the soap dispenser was smashed to pieces! I'm so disappointed since usually breakables are well packed and in a box. This was in a padded shipping bag. I do like the bronze holder.
I order the blue color and it came in two different shades of blue. I'm going to return this merchandise.
Only cuts 2 different ways I thought it would slide too but it doesn't
Wife wanted them so I bought them for her. She received them and gave away all my good pans. Third time we used them, they act just like an old none stick pan. They are nothing like the commercial. I will never buy these again or would I recommend them to any one.
Item arrived intact with no damage. Looks great on the countertop. However it does not brown evenly on both sides which is why I bought a new toaster. For.the price you would think it would work great. Disappointed.
Doesn't brush as nice as I would expect. It does the job but I would look at other choices
It's so narrow that it is hard to clean, had to buy a bottle brush. Because it's so narrow it hard to get a lot of fruit/veggies in it. The covered top so you can drink doesn't seem to be in a comfortable place.
Two stars because they look good. Otherwise, the bolt that goes on the inside gets rusted within a few weeks. Useless after bolt gets rusted.
to hard to keep the outside clean and to clean the inside.
Probably a great product, but the bottle came opened with 80% of the oil in the shipping bag/box. Lid won't screw on. Horrible design... Why? Because even though the presentation was meant to look nice, it isn't safe for shipping and to keep the oil inside the bottle. Rethink your design. I don't need a hipster looking bottle, I need a product that shows up intact.
Don't plan to get too many uses from these. Was hoping they would be a bit sturdier.
Cute but I'm guessing they put the knick in after glazing or something because where the chip is is very fragile and already cracked down to the bottom.
It's a good concept and would be great if watermelons were shaped like a brick. I spent more time trying to use this than it would have taken to use a knife.
it broke opening bottle
This product broke after a few months unfortunately. The little pin that resides where the spring is that lifts the lid, came out and it no longer closes tightly, so it no longer whistles.
I received the replacement lunchbox, but it still doesn't work. It lights up, but doesn't sing. I called customer service before I ordered the new one and said not to send another one if it didnt work. She assured me it did. I'm disappointed. My 4 yr old granddaughter is sad.
Racks held for about 3 weeks then one by one they fell off the inside of the cabinet. Would not recommend for purchase.
After a few weeks, timer stop working (for toasting). Going back to B & D .
It was great for the first month, then it starts leaking. I don't know from where, but it's somewhere between the glass bottle and plastic.
I don't really like them. The removable gasket is a pain. Ugh.
A lot smaller than expected and NOT microwave safe. Almost caught my microwave on fire trying to heat up a small serving of pasta...
Not useful for slicing bread, but okay for some types of meats. The teeth are too deep for bread.
On bottle arrived dented.
Looks beautiful! Just don't try to put a bagel in there. Also, you have to repeatedly press the lever until it stays down.
I am strong - I can deadlift as much as most NFL players can curl - and I cannot get the lid off of this thing. Every time I try to open it, I have to hold it between my legs and pull the lid with both hands. Then I spill the compost all over me. I was going to bolt it to the countertop, but I broke my hammer and chisel trying to get the lid off and gave up. I am returning it for a refund. Edit: I bought a new compost bucket. The lid came off so easily that I hit myself in the face because I was used to this lid.
Not worth it as the stains don't go out easily
This is advertised as pre seasoned but smells awful and chemical like when I took it out. It also sticks terribly unlike the lodge preseasoned cast iron I had previously. I'll have to season it but haven't gotten around to it.
Leaked all over my refrigerator while horizontal even though ad said it wouldn't . Don't buy it!
Very small has no controls for cooking time. Burns food very quickly. Wished I had never purchased.T
These are cute and do make the cubes, but they dont float with the fin's out of the water as you might imagine.
Didn't cut easily. I wouldn't recommend it.
The product itself is as pictured and would have got 4 or 5 stars but when I took it out of the box the top of the box was completely coming apart. I would have sent it back but I am a dab hand with wood glue and clamps so I fixed the top and secured the hinges which were coming off since they had not been screwed in all the way. I got a splinter during all of this...which is no big deal but it's product is made out of bamboo so I couldn't see/ find the thing to pull out. Grrr.
These are very difficult to open for an adult, much less children.
The color is beautiful but the taste is horrible, it's very bitter
It's works great, if the kids cooperate, lol Is NOT magnetic though. It has adhesive stickers which work but is not really what I wanted or purchased.
Great toaster oven except the timer button stopped working less than a year after purchasing it. Now the oven won't turn off unless I unplug it. Definitely dangerous in my kitchen.
The mixer seems to work fine during my test. However, I do not believe that this was new but rather a return. I say this because the mixer box was resealed, had labels ripped off of it and the inside styrofoam pack was broken in several places as if it was pulled carelessly out of the box. I am glad that I was giving it to someone as a gift! I guess “new” does not mean that it was a return. Bait and switch on Amazon Days?
We have been using Keurig machines for years, in fact we have one that is about 6 years old. We bought one last year and it broke in a year so we needed a new one. Well this one is cheaply made, pieces literally come apart in your hands and I figure it won't make a year. I guess unless you buy top of the line you will end up with the new generation of garbage. Very disappointed in Keurig
I am sorry but this product was made out of very cheap material. I feel like I wasted my money.
I bought this product because it claimed no scissors were needed and you could easily peel it open once it was sealed. It does NOT peel easily. At all. I have tried several times and no luck. I even had my husband try and he couldn't do it either. So while it works great at a normal product for my foodsaver, it does not work great as a new product that you can peel open easily. I was very disappointed.
The lid didn't puncture correctly. It seems the capsule is a little shorter than the original.
Lightweight, poorly made, bad material. Overall bad.
doesn't fit all pots and very flimsy not easy to clean at all.
I brew my own kombucha and bought these bottles to use for the second ferment due to all of the positive reviews. I tried them several times and am very unimpressed. They are not like the ones in the pictures, and the metal top doesn't seal well for all but 2 of the bottles. I was never able to get a firm enough seal to build up carbonation, and ended up going back to the bottles I previously had been using. I am very disappointed. :(
Short handles in proportion to the spoon end.
plating on tamper came off in dishwasher. it oxidized and residue comes off / gets everywhere
Not functional when I receive it
Two of the spoons came apart from the handle. Water built up in the handle on another utensil after it came out of the dishwasher.
Its not practical cause u have to only go forward .
This is so cheaply made!! I was really really disappointed. I do use it but I like the one from the dollar store better.
doesn't keep it's shape very well
I just returned it. Some of fouls can't be teared down with glue
I realize that the description says clear, but they are not as picture. They're simply clear with no colors on the bottom. Bought them for my book club so we could know who's wine was who's, guess we'll just wing it.
Cannot hold large pots. Good for someone who does not do a lot of cooking.
A toddler can make a pretty big mess with this!
The product I received is not stainless steel. It feels like very cheap quality. The item nor the box has anything that says "stainless" Typically kitchen items will be stamped stainless on the handle, indicating that it is indeed stainless. The hinge is very stiff and not well constructed. I cant picture this thing making it through a dishwasher setting let alone using it to squeeze acidic lemon juice over and over. Sorry to say I am returning it.
You are way better off buying the Kuhn Rikon ratchet grinder. (Non 9 inch one) than this piece of made in China low quality product. It's only a matter of time before the mechanism breaks
I was really hoping that this would work. I tried the Buttermilk Chicken recipe from the cookbook (included). What a mess. The chicken stuck to the wire basket and all of the skin/coating fell off. While the chicken was moist, it was terrible looking and not tasty at all. This product takes up a lot of space on the counter so I was hoping it would be more than a very expensive French Fry maker. I am hoping that at least those will turn out OK (have not tried them yet). The unit was very difficult to clean even though some of the parts can be placed in the dishwasher. The basket part had to be cleaned again due to many spots that the dishwasher did not clean.
The base mechanism is very flimsy and moves around when trying to access drawer bins. One of the bins was dented in shipping. Product returned.
Returned it...too big for my little kitchen
each magnet has chips breaking off of them on the edges and you see those when your fridge magnet is assembled
I loved this coffee maker. It's beautiful color really made it stand out. We used it once a day for 15 months and now it stopped working. The water no longer drips even though the unit gets hot. The unit costs nearly 50 dollars it should last longer. I was so disappointed it didn't last longer.
The coating is deteriorating right after I used them twice. Don't recommend
These evaporated as soon as I sprinkled them, and the yellow stained everywhere.
I waited to cook on this about 6 times before reviewing. It was GREAT day one, and pretty useless as a non-stick pan by day 6. Eggs won't flip even with a good amount of butter in the pan. My Caphalon pans that are years old do much better. So this pan looks and feels good, but will fail you in the short-term if you are looking for non-stick.
I got this for my preschooler. It doesn't sit flat when opened up and that's the only thing I don't like about it. Unfortunately this is a big annoyance to me so I only use it when I haven't had time to do dishes
This knife is definitely a quality piece, material, balance and style. But appearance did also influence our purchase. The picture in the ad was not true to the product. The Tsunami Rose pattern on the blade of the knife we received was too pale to discern any pattern at all, but was enough to make the blade look unwashed. We were very disappointed because on the site it was an extremely beautiful piece, and the quality did in fact hold true. It just looks dirty all of the time. Hated to return it, but we really had to.
Lasted about 2 and a half years. Didn't grind pepper or salt well. Now I need a new set. Will buy something else.
The lid does not stay on!
Have not cooked with it yet but pan arrived warped and bent. Doesn't sit flat on the range or even the counter.
I recommend you put only SOLID and/or dry foods such as crackers or a sandwich. This container doesn't close properly. Once I tried closing it, it just slowly begins to come off on its own. I won't be buying this product again.
Cute magnet that would be nice if it wasn't all scratched up. Father's Day present that came loose in an envelope and has no packing that makes it look new. Unfortunate for the price
This is fun to use, but just beware! I noticed cherry juice squirting all over my back-splash and cabinets, which was a real pain to clean up! If you have a contained area then worth it and fun! As for me, I would rather just pit them myself.
Our French Press lid did not fit in this carafe even though it was advertised as a universal replacement.
I kept the soap dispenser eventually threw out the holder as it constantly filled with water and had to be drained daily
didn't stay cold very long
These were a novelty I bought on a whim, they DO NOT keep your drinks cold. They look cool but unfortunately that is all they do.
Everything leaks, leaks into each other and out of the lunch box too - so not kid friendly. A common tupperwear is much better. The top plastic shrunk in dishwasher so after 1 use it doesn't snap together. They sent us BLUE when we ordered the aqua color one - which is the shipper's fault...but anyway. Disappointing in every way! NOT RECOMMENDED.
Nothing great. Quality is average and it's difficult to remove the coffee grinds once grinded
They're all different sizes but they aren't colored and cake in really sketchy packaging.
I bought this for one thing - chicken wings. As it turns out, it cuts the bone/joint just fine - however...it will not cut thru the skin, hence it's worthless to me. I returned to my tried and true kitchen shears and consider this a lesson learned. If you plan to cut anything with skin, keep looking.
I bought 2 gave as gifts and 2 people said it didn't work so I tried and sure ebough did not work.So out of 6 (2 boxes) I got 4 good ones. :(
This is a nice concept to give you a great grip on the mason jar. However, when you apply the sleeve, the mason jar rockets back and forth on a hard surface. I was a bit surprised about this. If you place it on a table cloth, or some type of soft surface, it moves less. I am disappointed in this happening, and not sure how to fix the problem.
Purchased two of these, and one of them had already been used. It had finger prints all over and was missing the top tier.
I bought these to go in my whisky glass. Two fingers, a splash of water and two frozen spheres... not even a sweat on the glass. Presentation and delivery were as expected.
These were a waste of money and also wasted my frosting. They are very difficult to use... every time I tried I was left with what looks like a squiggly mess with a hole in the center. Additionally, the plastic bags are junk... any pressure on them and they burst. I even tried them with mashed potatoes for Duchess Potatoes and they looked terrible. Granted, I'm not pastry person so perhaps a pro would have no problem but these were a huge frustration.
I love these pots and pans. Especially the color. The only issue I have is the Rims seem damaged. The silver rims have like chips in them. Also the utensils are crappy. Once they get hot all this what looks like hot glue comes out of the handle. It melts and seeps out. I wouldn't waste my money on these again. Walmart sets a better set by Green life for a fraction of the price. I wish I got them off Walmart's website.
It's okay...doesn't hold paper towels well. Currently have it on my bathroom holding an extra roll of toilet paper
I really did not want to write this review. Overall, it's a quality flatware set. Yet, my knives are falling apart after just two months of very light use. To be fair, this is only a critique of the knives - the forks and spoons are solid. But back to the knives. The welds are failing where the blade are connected to the "hollow" handles. They are easily bent with the slightest of pressure (think, cutting a medium-well steak). After this occurred twice, I decided to inspect all of the knives, only to find that many of them have a visible gap between the blade and handle. This is a $270 set of flatware that was supposed to last a lifetime. I hoped to hand them down to my children some day. I did not expect to be here leaving this review and looking up warranty information just two months in.
I bought this Jan 5, 2018 and used it six times over a course of two and a half months. The first time we used it it worked excellently and was just as the description said and was touch operated, but after that we had to hold the buttons down to get it to work. We tried multiple times to set the working time but the display screen only showed zeros. The scroll wheel would not work when the working time was highlighted. All other options on the display screen work. It's final malfunction was when it only works for three minutes than automatically shuts off.
This does not come with hanging hardware
I like this travel mug for the fact that it doesn't leak. HOWEVER I have now bought 5 mugs because the lids keep breaking. The button/lock mechanism breaks. Or the attachment at the hinge that is supposed to make the lid bounce back breaks. None of these instances have been the result of dropping the mug. They just break at random. Very poor design for the lids. The Thermos water bottle which is fairly similar in design has never broken once. I've had those for years! Why can't you just use the same design????
On first use, I tried to cook an egg in the middle and it immediately spread out and ran to the sides. I wanted a flat griddle, but I got something which I can only use to cook eggs in the corners. That adds the extra inconvenience of having to flip an egg (or whatever) that's inside a corner and up against the edge, which was the whole point of trying to avoid in the first place.
It broke and was spewing hot water after 2 weeks.
I have used this shaker since a few years back. The last couple of years, the top cracked and I had to buy replacements. I did not give the product a bad review the first time since I thought it was an "one-off" thing. However, this happened again...I may try a different brand this time around...
works great wood buy agin
My trusty GE Stand mixer went out of commission and they no longer make it. I tried to cheap out by buying this but just taking out of the box I could tell it was cheaply made. The beater and whisk are made of a light metal. And, oddly enough, it faces the wrong direction. I make icing regularly and your the powdered sugar directly into the mixer from the bag and it was not easy for me to do with my left hand. The suction cups at the bottom are necessary because it is light and would vibrate off the counter otherwise. But they are highly annoying when trying to move the mixer on the counter. Got returned the next day and I coughed up the money for a KitchenAid, which I should have done in the first place.
The lid is made of cheap plastic and doesn't fit properly.
I love Plow and Hearth and their products. Love this steamer pot. If you want this product buy it directly from P&H, not Amazon. Amazon seems to be shipping either only the bottom pot portion or , like me, only received the lid after ordering it twice and having to return both lids. I finally ordered it directly from P&H. The price was the same with free shipping and a $15 gift card to boot! Amazon can't possibly know about all the items they sell so mistakes are being made. This marketplace idea may be getting too big to handle. I gave the rating of 2 stars not because of the product but because of Amazon's inability to handle so many orders. I gave it a one star on giftable because obviously if you're sending a gift to someone and they only receive half, what's the point.
Plastic blade inside is too small to breakdown protein powder
It's a nice looking container, but the item will not hold it's seal. Because of that I am returning it for a refund.
doesn't keep water cold long
I shouldn't have been surprised, because you get what you pay for. I read the reviews and they were false reviews. It is made cheap and is noisy and in no way looks like 5.5 quarts. It came broken, so I ended up getting a discount on the price. Now to buy a kitchenAide.
They seem fine but the labels are large and heavily glued the inside-bottom of the dish. It has taken a lot of scrubbing, washing, and work to get them off and there is still residue.
Lid stopped closing after 4 months. I now must weight it down when boiling water. Otherwise, it won't close completely - steam escapes; takes longer to boil; creates lime deposits on outer rim.
So, they're cheap. Ok. Consider these single use. Very hard to get firmly into bottle mouth especially during a refill. Next time, I'll spend a bit more so I can use and re-use forever. I used them for olive oil, they did not take a heavy pounding. The flippy lid is useless.
Pepper mill broke shortly after purchase my. Salt still ok.
These products leak. Even when you make sure it is sealed all the way around and they are very cheap plastic. Don't waste your money.
This is a big cup and it fits in cup holders. Unfortunately, it is really heavy and that makes it hard to carry on trips. It also didn't seem to keep the tea hot, as described.
this DOES NOT WORK with keurig hot kcups. I am unable to make the lid stay shut while using the fill cup which came with the machine, have to hold it down while perking..the flavor of the coffee is not very strong.
Came with what appeared to be rust spots. Was not as pictured at all - photo looks like stainless steel; this was dark brown. Sending back.
Beautiful but very small
Quality seems good, I was disappointed that there was not more care taken in shipping. The item was a gift and it was mailed without a box to protect the product and it's packaging. The shipping stickers were placed directly on the product packaging over the picture displaying the product
The handle is extremely hot as is the cover which you have to take off to pour. Ridiculous. Not only did I burn my finger taking off the cover but the heat warped it. Very unhappy with the features.
Great for popping ice cubes with ease, but a pain in the butt to fill with water and get into the freezer without spilling water all over the place. Also, the ice cubes take on the taste of the tray and your beverage will taste rubbery.
The first time I used it a plastic piece broke off the dicer. it will only dice small pieces at a time. The shredder is even smaller. Can't shred something large like cabbage. The directions included were lacking. I later found the same product in another catalogue for 17.99
Very cool but doesn't stay on face well due to the weight of the item
We already own the smaller version of this lunchbox which works well and also folds up nicely to fit in the freezer. I wanted a larger one to hold things like salad containers. The problem with this lunch bag is that after it is frozen, the bag becomes very stiff (unlike the smaller version) and, therefore, it is difficult to get hard items like Tupperware to fit in the bag. It also does not seem to stay frozen/cold for very long, 2-3 hours at best. It does not fold up very small and takes up a lot of space in the freezer. I would buy the smaller version again but NOT this one.
Made using low grade stainless steel, they rust, fast, after only a couple days use.
The stand is working well, but only after I extended the brackets myself. I have a 75" Samsung, and it did not reach the top mounting holes. Although this can work for certain models of 75 inch TVs, it should only be recommended for up to 65 inch TVs as a universal mount.
One of the slots was made too big so the capsules fall out. I would order the one from the Nespresso website and not waste my time on this
Not overly impressed with this unit. I replaced an old one with this and it's just not the same. Does it do the advertised job?, yes. After about 2 minutes of regular use with the beater, it started making an aweful clicking noise while making cake batter. I discontinued use and did it the old fashioned way. The other accessories still work fine so I'm assuming it's just the beater attachment. It's super heavy but ergonomically acceptable for me. I'm meh, if you were my friend I was giving advice too, I'd say spend the extra $10 on a different unit.
If the stakes are wooden. These things are like dull saw blades ripping their way through the meat. NOT sharp. Returned and very disappointed. Handles are nice. Know that these are made in China.
I purchased it, expecting an even grind, but the shaft wiggles while in use and the heads are not centered on each other, enough that I can see the difference in physical space and the uneven grind. It DOES grind coffee, just not to the quality you would expect from a burr grinder.
Looks cheap and did not fit my phone
I just unpacked my shipment and found that I'm missing the 5.5 Cup container. The lids are complete and I questioned if it just came with an extra lid (because we always end up needing one), but the box lists four pieces and four lids. Completely sealed box, just seems like they forgot to pack one container. The lids seem nice and I like the push-to-seal function coupled with glass (food just tastes better)... just wish I got all of the pieces that I paid for.
Shipping was on time however, a few of these arrived cracked and I was not able to use them for my event
The second time I used it, one of the blades (my favorite ) broke while dicing tomatoes! Very disappointing. Also, lid does not fasten securely making chopper unstable.
The ad showed it with white letters which stood out and looked nice but the one that was sent didn't have whites letters they are Stainless steel and reflects the light off of it so you can't read the words the cup it's self is alright. I just believe you should receive things the way they were advertised
I had to return these. They were way too hard for ME TO open, there's no way my kids could ever use them. My plan was to use them for my kids' lunches. I'm glad that alternatives to disposable plastic zip bags are being made, but this is not my preferred kind.
I like the features but it has a safety flaw: The bottom screw on cap has very sharp edges. I cut myself as I was twisting it off to remove for "easy cleaning"!
These are soooooo SMALL I should have read the actual sizes. The large is the size of a hallmark small. The small in this batch is only going to hold a ring box. They are cute though at least
Did not work on my kitchen aid induction cook top.
This is item was ordered and delivered. I was not at home so deliverer decided that it was a good ideal to leave my package in the hall. I live in an apt bldg.. My package was stolen and this is not the first time. Dissappointed
The plastic does not seem durable at all. Seems like when I try to juice an orange that the whole thing is going to crack and break in half. They should remake this with thicker plastic.
All other features are five stars besides keeping food warm... Unfortunately this container did not keep my daughter's food warm for more than 4 hours for lunch at school. I tested it at home when she said her food was cold. Sure enough it failed my test too even after letting boiling hot water shot in it for a few minutes prior. I'm not sure how other people are able to have hot food in this container?
over a month waiting on shipping from China(?)and one of 2 ordered was cracked, don't know where I can't see the crack but as I hand washed for first use the mug filled with water.
With the lid off this mug only holds 16 OZ. With the lid on it holds much less. I contacted the company and they said I received the correct mug. They did refund my money, but this is NOT a 20 OZ. mug.
Very disappointed that made in China. It says Germany online, but made in China
Tuns out this is HUGE. Way too be and heavy for my purposes.
These were hard to open, very flimsy, and broke easily. They are fine for one or two time use though, if you are planning on donating a ton of meals or something similar.
I've had this product for a month and the pepper grinder has already broke and wont grind the pepper anymore. Really disappointed with the quality of the top of the shaker.
Looks like it's frame was made well. But the blade looks like it was sharpened with a corse disk grinder. The finish is terrible and unpolished. I don't know how well it works because the PLASTIC locking nut for the blade arrived broken.
I have followed the instructions on how to make the milk foamy but it is lackluster at best. Not worth the purchase
The sauce pan lids are susceptible to moisture ingress. What that means for me as the consumer is that water makes its way in between the glass cover and metal band tbat runs along the circumference of the lid. When the lid heats up in makes hissing, squeaking and burping noises during cooking and for an extended time after cooking as it slowly returns to room temperature. I emailed customer service they asked for photos so they could replace the lid. I sent photos and 4 weeks later they had done nothing. I followed up with a phone call. After about thirty minutes on the phone I was told I would get another lid in about two weeks. The lid arrived and not long after it began to exhibit the same isssue.
The quality was not that great. The product was very flimsy, I thought it would have been a heavy duty product as stated.
Lets jump right into it. It's a nifty little thing, however it gets a 2 star rating because if you don't seal it perfectly there are holes that let air out in say a chip bag. What I mean by this is when you hold it and clamp it on a chip bag and try to move it across the bag, the bag continuously scrunches up and stops the sealer. You also have to time it just right because it burns the bag pretty quickly if you don't move it across the bag at a consistent pace. I would not recommend anyone buy this. If you're going to buy a heat sealer just get the nice ones where you set the bag on it and close the cover until it's done sealing. This is not a good product
Half of the cups arrived broken
I bought it for my 7 years old son and found that It is really hard for a kid to open this box. The rubber that sealed the box keeps getting out. We are not using it, had to but another bento box.
Does not do a good job of baking. Useless
I bought this as a gift and the wood is very nice it is an adorable design, however the hinges came in damaged. With not enough time to exchange or buy a new gift i was a little bummed out by this. Id say PURCHASE WELL IN ADVANCE , because it was not very giftable in its condition i had to fix it on my own. Other than that it turned out pretty decent.
I wanted these because I wanted non-traditional utensils. These aren't too weighty and they started to have rust-looking spots just weeks after using them.
This mini just doesn't make the type of coffee I've had from other Nespresso makers. The coffee seems weak, maybe because the machine isn't as powerful. Very disappointed.
It's been used few times since I received this pan. The nonstick quality so far is good. However, here are the problems I am dealing with.... 1. The heat is not evenly distributed. The center part is heated faster then edge side. 2. The bottom is not flat, with bulged central area. I tested this with water, please refer to attached picture you can see it clearly.
This model makes no sense. I can just see the disaster unfold when my family comes into town and pulls the carafe away from the coffee maker without securing the filter portion. Coffee grounds and scalding water everywhere. Please note: I haven't tried the coffee from this model - I am sure it's exceptional. Will be returning for a different model.
We Purchased two of these Air Fryers for work. We're a small 20 Bed Detox Facility, and I would occasionally use them to cook Tater Tots, Fries, Onion Rings, and other quick side dishes for the patients. But, despite the Size of the basket, one can't fill it to the mark. Otherwise, stirring the food items becomes impossible. This can be remedied by tossing them into a bowl, stirring, then placing them back into the basket for even browning. However, I give this product a Poor Rating, because with one of the Air Fryers, the Basket would come unfastened in the middle of cooking, and the base would drop to the floor. At one time, I came very close to being injured. It was due to a small crack just above the handle (see photos). I reached out to the company, hoping they'd send me another basket, but they said they don't sell nor ship out parts. In addition, I was told that I was no longer under my 90 Day warranty. Despite explaining that I had merely gotten two months of use sporadic use from this item, they didn't care. I made the mistake of assuming I had a 1 Year warranty, as I do with most of my purchases. However, I will say, that Amazon came to my rescue. They gave me a complete refund on one of the Fryers... Bottom line, not everyone will be so lucky. So, Buyer Beware!!!
I have had these same knives for over 40 years and still using them. I purchased 2 new ones and the quality sucks. The blades are sharp but after washing them the first time the wood handles are separating and making the blades loose from the handles. Very disappointed in these.
Much more childlike and plastic-y than I expected.
This product is like most other garlic presses. Not easy to clean. I bought the OXO brand as a replacement, they have a version that has a built-in cleaning tool.
I've only used this a few times and the paint is already pitted. If they correct the paint issue it's a five star item. Easy to use and does exactly what it is supposed to do. Update. After posting my review the company reached out to offer me a choice between a refund and a new lemon squeezer. I chose a new squeezer. I've been waiting for 6 days for them to respond since I replied with my request for a new squeezer but still no answer. I'll provide an update in a week or two to let everyone know what happens.
It works, but even with good care it's already rusting in the spout and the bottom inside edges after two months. Pretty disappointing.
Items as described. My complaint is that they rust if they are washed.
This is the least useful thermometer of this sort I have yet owned. It is designed to set the temperature itself, rather than letting you set the temperature you want it to respond to--doing the latter is not impossible, but it is not easy or intuitive. You tell it what meat you are cooking — I mostly use such thermometers for baking bread, a possibility that does not seem to have occurred to the designers — and it sets the temperature. You are supposed to be able to set rare, medium, or well done but I have not yet figured out how to do that. I have now ordered a replacement of a simpler and more conventional design. The one thing I do like about it is that it comes with a spare cable, that being the part that, in my experience, most often goes bad. I much prefer the simpler version where I decide I want it to signal, instead of it deciding for me.
So adorable. The top of the oil dispenser was previously broken and someone has glued the top rim back on prior to selling it. Otherwise these would be perfect.
This would be great if the lip/cap would stay on. But a hard cap on a silicone pouch is impossible. You squeeze and the cap fills up around the edges and pops off instantly, getting batter/icing everywhere.
I wanted to like these ice cube trays, but found it way too difficult to get the ice released without running the back of the trays under hot water. Additionally, you need to fill the individual cubes to the very top with water in order to get a full sized ice cube. Trays filled to the top tend to spill, even with the lids on. I did like the lids for stacking, but will be giving these trays away. Ordered old school plastic ice cube trays and they work much better!
Pros: Love the concept, worked well to cool quickly enough, multiple cords for use at home/office/car is super functional, cute cow print! Cons: Had to return because smelled strongly of epoxy/VOCs in the interior, and after leaving breast milk and pump inside overnight, the milk and soft plastic parts of the pump had absorbed the chemicals and were out-gassing as well, despite having been inside Ziploc bags. Obviously, this is not acceptable for breastmilk to be fed to an infant or for food, but the product could be acceptable for storing drinks in cans or glass containers ... maybe. Very confused how this product has so many great reviews with how strongly it was out-gassing chemicals.
I like to get exotic stuff, so I shop at a local asian market. Some of the cans are too big for this thing. Kinda disappointing, considering it's those big cans I needed help with in the first place.
I bought these in mid May of this year and two of them already has cracked. I am not going to buy these again. You wouldn't expect these trays to do this since they are rubbermaid
Seems like a waste of money. It did not spiralize as shown in the pictures. The veggies came out as one long chunk as opposed to the individual strands.
Eggs still stick without cooking oil...Awful results...I think I will give it to charity rather than clutter a cabinet.
Have had issues with the k cup functions. The needle is too large and doesn't poke in straight, so it leaks coffee grounds. It is also much much slower than a normal Keurig. Grounds single brew works ok.
I love the idea of these cups but one of the cups is already rusted on the inside. I cannot find the number to call and get a replacement. A bit disappointed.
We ordered this dish rack only to find that it didn't fit properly in the bottom of our sink. So when we went to return it the seller didn't provide a paid return shipping label. The shipping was about $10 more than the cost of the item. reached out to the seller and had no response as of yet.
Would buy again. Pretty noisy but gets the job done. Update- after posting this review it stopped working. You have to use it at least five times to get the lid off of the can.
Puts out lots of steam over head (can't be good for the cabinets). Then it overflows onto counter (even after we adjusted what directions told us to put in for water quantity). It's flimsy (light weight) material. Just a poorly constructed device all the way around. We are returning.
I loved the fryer and how it cooks BUT the downsize is the quality of the non stick surface -- It began to peel in just a few months and I always have used the parchment papers in it and have not used any scratch-able cookware in it... So I'm disappointed in the quality -- will always use a Air Fryer now but will not by a GO Wise the next time
Liked the grill but 1 lamp quit working on first try.
Had a hard time using it, water does not come out of spout easily. I wanted to take off the lid to drink water but if I did then what good was the filter doing me? My head was killing me after trying to drink the water throughout the day, I was squeezing the bottle so hard to try and get it to flow.
Aesthetically the herb grinder looks great. Great grinder to pull out and turn some heads. Not too light and too heavy with a smooth textured feel to it. The item comes with 3 compartments: milling (top), herb catcher(middle), and pollen catcher (bottom). Pretty much what one would expect from the grinder. Now there are major drawbacks to this item. The milling action on top is mediocre at best and this is due to two factors: 1) the diamond shape teeth do not provide a fine grind 2) When twisting to grind the herb you will find there quite a bit of friction between the connecting ends of the top and middle piece of the grinder, so where one would expect a "fast" and "smooth" grind as advertised instead you will find yourself applying quite a bit of pressure as you hear metal on metal grind. Now the biggest drawback to the grinder is not the milling action, but the pollen catcher (on bottom). Unfortunately, the pores to the pollen catcher are too large and more than pollen gets through the pores. In other words expect to get grinded herb with pollen in the pollen catcher.
not what I would buy again.
Great design. I love it, but the bottle leaked. Dont buy it doesnt last long.
Package arrived on time. However, both glass were destroyed. The 2 pieces of bubble wrap were completely deflated/punctured. 2 stars only because I've ordered this before and never had an issue.
the maker of this air fryer (Nutrichef) has the worst customer service. The basket started to chip (the coating) after a couple uses, and even though it was under warranty I can't get them to replace it. I would never buy from this company again, buyer beware!
Was not packed adequately and arrived with corners scuffed and joints broken. It's a shame, because otherwise it is what I wanted and it arrived faster than promised. I've requested a replacement and will update.
It never got here ??? Why not ???
One of the knives broke upon first use. VERY dangerous.
Nice ladle but after two years of light use it is beginning to crack at the bamboo layers joints
I am very disappointed with the quality of the product. Butter was burnt in the pan and never came off. I had to scrub it several times to try and get the burnt part off. Now everything I cook sticks.
I would have thought this would have brought out the flavors in the coffee more with grinding our own coffee fresh every morning. Its the exact opposite. We like our coffee strong and have it on the lowest grinding setting and are adding extra grounds and still tastes like water. We are adding so many grounds that they are actually over flowing the paper liner and going into the pot. Not worth it. Buy the store ground coffee I guess!
I have been using these containers for about 4 months now. 2 of the lids cracked in the freezer with the first use. 2 of the bottoms got that bumpy whitish marks from what I cooked melted the container and 1 got it from being in the dishwasher top shelf. Over a few months 2 of the bottoms had pieces break off. I find them difficult to close tight so mine often leak. I'll believe I have it sealed then as I pick it up to put it in the freezer or in my lunch bag I see or hear it unseal. But the ones I have left are sturdy and not breaking but I still have trouble sealing them. The size of the big portion won't hold a chicken leg and thigh so I always have to take the meat off the bone of one of them. They aren't hard to clean except I never know how they will turn out in the dishwasher. I've not used any other brand so I can't compare them to other brands. I won't buy this brand again.
I was excited to receive my order and to stop using plastic wrap. I tried to use these stretch lids the first couple days, but they didn't seal tight and didn't stick well, so the food was exposed to air. I gave up on them!
Steam rises out around the handles which makes hard and possibly dangerous to handle. The fryer seems cheaply made. My husband did not enjoy using at all. Too bad.
I have one of these at my other apartment and it's great. But I just purchased another one for my new apartment and after two months the smell of burning plastic is almost unbearable, so I have to get a new one. Giving it two stars because my other one works very well, but I don't appreciate having to buy a third.
These straws are fat like a smooth straw. Other then that they work fine
I would return if I could, cheaply made.
Lid with clear slide opener was broken. Inner box with this cup in cane open and lid broke
Can't use product because it didn't come with the funnel as stated and the mold is way smaller than you can imagine. Its about the size of an ice cube.
Item broke after a couple of months of normal use. Seller honored its promise and sent a new one which broke again. I cannot recommend this item, even though the seller is good.
I loved this carrier and used it immediately for a pie, which was nice to be able to carry it back and forth to/from the fridge and not smash the crust on the side, it was also easy to clean by hand. That is the only use I got out of it. I went to use it a second time today, and upon closing the lid the latch snapped off one side. I could understand a latch cracking, but with no force applied at all the plastic nub that is supposed to hold it on and hinge it snapped clean off.
These turned moldy almost immediately. Both inside and out. The inside has almost no lining. I wish I didn't buy two sets of these. I tried scrubbing one of the bags that would just not come clean and consistently put them in the dishwasher. They were a huge disappointment.
I bought this for my off road race trailer. It looks nice but the spring loaded bolt is cheap and lacks support. It wobbles when you unroll the shop towels and if flimsy. It needs a short piece of tubing welded on the outside as a guide to support the spring loaded bolt.
I received the pan and it had 3 areas of rust on the top edge. I was able to remove the rust with steel wool but would not order from this company again as it was supposedly new. VERY DISSATISFIED WITH PRODUCT AND SELLER.
This product is not fully compostable as indicated. Smelling chemical and not durable for hot food.
This is the second time we've had to replace the glass carafe which seems to break too easily for instance just tipping over in the stainless steel sink. The newest replacement was just a slightly smaller diameter than the previous 2 we had and slides out of the machine too easily and the plunger is a bit too tight. It works but it's not so great, thinking of replacing entire unit with a different brand?
I wanted a shorter & smaller insulated coffee up, without a handle. The volume was what I wanted, as is the color, but other reviews are right, you need bear hands to use comfortably. I've had it a few weeks and it's already slid to behind other mugs. Oh well.... I'm giving it 2 stars anyway because it does keep hot beverages hot, and cold beverages cold.
I bought these so I could share with my grown children. I had used one for myself and it worked fine but when I finally got to my daughter ‘s the one I brought for her won't stay locked in the higher position. Since I wouldn't be seeing my son for quite some time I checked the one him and that one also has the same issue. Now it's to late to return I'm stuck with them.
Came broken... requested refund
This pan is not flat on the bottom. It is horrible on an electric stove. It cooks so unevenly. I would have returned it, But I got it as a gift. I am waiting to hook up my gas stove. Maybe it will work better on that. Rachael ray should test her products before she puts her name on them.
Larger than original ones that came with my Keurig
While I'm sure the cup is great do not buy from this seller. When I ordered a new cup I received an unwrapped mug ( i know because ordered 1 from another seller and that was wrapped) . It had a retrun label stuck to it that then has to be scraped off. Shame on this company for selling a used product advertised as new
I just bought this cup and the clear coat is peeling off and chipping. The cap is hard to see where the opening is because it's black. And not easy to clean at all.
Nice design but very cheaply made considering the price point. Stem is crooked and design impressions are shallow. Finish is imperfect. A little disappointing.
I love this Kettle, however, after about 10 uses the automatic shut off no longer works. It still heats up, but you have to manually keep an eye on it as it will continue to boil - all the water down which then creates a safety issue.
My only disappointments was that 3 of the invites were smudged and I was short 3 envelopes.
Really love the color and styles of these bags but we had one that had a bad zipper and it separated off the fabric after a month and a half of use. I think it may have been a fluke since we bought two and then other one is perfectly fine but just beware there may be a few that don't hold up.
Right around the 6 months mark, issues start piping, the major one was a leak around the outside wall of the group head, then I another leak inside the machine, ......there is a reason why the Italian machines cost tons of money, it's all about the build quality, this is the ikea version of the real espresso machine, looks great but not made to last
The granite accent is almost nice, but the rest of it is complete cheap. The accent metal and 'stone' do appear to have a quality feel, except for the changes in diameter at each transition from one material to another. Not only is it easy to feel with a fingernail, but it is readily apparent visually. Where the quality really drops is the rest of the chopstick. The melamine part. The sticks are not straight - they all have a slight curve. There are annoying seams from the mold. The grip texture at the end is bold and unattractive (another, cheaper, brand is subtle and attractive). Or maybe it is the mold seam between the textures that draws attention to it. The thin end isn't as thin as others. 4.5 mm compared to 2 or 3 mm. The thin end has saw marks on it where is was cut to size, and the cut isn't even at 90 degrees. They work. They just aren't luxury. Minimum attention to detail.
I was so excited to get my honey dispenser but it leaks honey from the lid, down the side and from the bottom. Every time I dispensed the honey, it would run down the side also. I will be returning it and will try again with the replacement. Hopefully the next one will be better. Nice design and perfect size, if it worked.
We are not a huge fan of these. Can't seem to get them over our bowls and if I do they pop off.
Box was assembled poorly. lid is not centered so it over hangs. The lock does not work, mind you its not that important considering it wouldnt stop someone from getting in so its not a big deal. The items in the box are pretty good nice little tray. Grinder is better than I expected. The stash jar is ok but the paint is chipping away already. All in all I needed a box and thats what I got but for $40 I think there are better offers out there.
Much smaller ring part than expected.
Coffee grounds wind up in my cup about every 3rd use.
on the plus side this is the longest I've had a kettle last... are they all so cheap?
Daisies were beautiful but shipped poorly and arrived with part of them broken.
I had this only a few weeks and the round lid you push on to open and pour broke off. Would not recommend.
Lid does not fit. I was looking through the various designs and ended up choosing the one that lacks a sealing lid. Cat Design is an inferior product, likely made by a mistake rather by design (it's manufactured in China) and Sweese sells it at full price. Edit: Girlfriend made me add a star cause she said it was cute. Lid still doesn't fit. Edit: Butter makes the lid stick a bit, so it's not so loose. Added a star because it's not so bad anymore. Edit: Girlfriend says we'll keep it forever. Adding a star because I cant keep a 3 star item for that long
I don't know how these have so many stars. They're nice quality but the lids don't stay on tight, in fact they pop off themselves. Would not recommend these to anyone.
Pretty disappointed. I soaked these in the sink to remove stickers and the handle rusted before my first use.
Very short pen. O didnt lije. But cause was not my stile
These are good canisters . They could be a little larger.
The picture of this item looked blue and red to me. I ordered for that reason. When it came, it was pink and purple. I kept it but, beware.
Used this to make sugar syrup and the inside would fog up. I couldn't read the temperature very well.
Pros: The color is very vibrant Cute shape Durable handle Cons: Very thin pot Does not whistle Tea will bubble out from the spout even when it is only half full. Lid doesn't screw on
There are many reviews that say this kettle is quiet. I was excited because I work in an open office. My previous kettle broken and was bit loud and I was always conscious of it, so I wanted a quiet kettle. The first two days were PERFECT! It was just as quiet and and gentle as can be. BUT THEN, let the rumble begin. This is thing is actually louder than the previous kettle I had. IF this kettle is TRULY supposed to be quiet, can someone guide me on where exactly the volume button is so I can turn this damn thing down! This thing is on the verge of being sent to the garbage if it doesn't quiet down! UPDATE: I gave up and purchased a new kettle. It is actually very quiet!
Both handles are loose, not happy with that!
Looks and feels substantial until start to wash and use. It is not a easy convenient tool. I would not purchase again.
I was hoping this would help my pots and pans disaster under my counter in the lower cabinet, but the slots are not large enough to hold the pan tops and pull them in and our easily. Not a total loss, it does hold a few skillets, but I wouldn't buy it again.
Headphones do not work on my iPhone
I love these silicone packs. I feel good knowing they are inert BUT the closure is not. If you sous vide (and maybe boil or microwave), the plastic sealer warps and who knows what is off-gassed. The sealer is ruined at that point. It's warped, bent and totally unusable. Freezing and storage A+. Sous vide or boiling, F-.
I was so excited about this, however, the gems are not very deep, and none of the details show up on your final product. Just pulled out a bunch mounds, nothing like gems. It was very disappointing, and I cannot recommend it.
While I absolutely love my Fiesta Ware canisters, the red one had to be shipped and returned several times before I received one that was not broken. Great product, horrible packaging.
The product is a fair chopper. Does not work for some bread making chores I have tried. Hard to clean and small for anymore than a 2 person meal.
Received item with a dent in it, looks bad, but works ok
Very thin. Thought since Pyrex glass it would be thicker but one ding against granite countertop, shattered.
Thin and flimsy. The only thing I liked was the color.
I love these little lunchboxes and the product itself is excellent, however the company that ships these is RIDICULOUS and awful. I ordered two, clicked on a picture of a blue lunchbox. Noted in the notes in ordering I needed blue/ green type colors. Was delivered pink. Returned it and specified again blue/ green type colors. Received purple. The time I spent returning these items I could have bought one locally. DON'T BUY FROM THIS COMPANY unless you don't care what color you get.. and frankly for me I wouldn't buy from them based solely on such poor customer service.
I've had these for a few months now. The lids warped from washing so very hard to put on. Luckily my daughter's teacher helps open it. The worst part is there is water inside the main part and I can't get it out :(
I was disappointed it didn't maintain a seal with sparking wine. Tried it on a couple occasions only to have it leak.
I've had the tumbler for a couple weeks, I only wash it by hand, and it's starting to leak my drinks from the bottom. Not really worth the $20
While I have never had a bad hydro flask, this one has a very strong metal smell when I drink from it. It is really weird. I washed it with hot soapy water and am trying to soak it tonight. Not sire how to get rid of the smell, but if I can't I will be returning it.
I have only had this product for 4 months and it is completely falling apart. The handle is starting to come away from the main kettle, and the lid has completely broken in half. I love the look of this product and it does what it needs to do, but I am very disappointed with the quality of the kettle.
I have purchased this mug before and its a good mug, but was sorely disappointed when I received a dented product.
Received and used and almost immediately a zipper pull came right off. Sent back and received 2 new bags. After a couple of uses another zipper pull came off! I wasn't man handling the zippers, just using them. The bag does keep cold things cold as opposed to just room air. In that respect it does what is advertised and I'm happy with that aspect of it's performance. That's what earned 2 stars. Having the zippers fall apart is what cost 3 stars. Can't recommend.
Cheaply made, bottom pieces fell off in a week
Works great, until it gets wet. I've never submerged it, even though it claims to be waterproof. Just from getting splashed when next to my sink, it stopped working.
Just got the glasses in the mail, very upset, both are completely shattered. Please touch base with me so I can get another set. The product overall seems amazing but I can't drink out of broken glass. Thank you!
They do not fit the Keurig well at all
Extremely unhappy with the time it took to arrive, it took about a month.
Good size, and seems quality. It comes wrapped in plastic and completely smashed. This caused the fabric by the zipper to get twisted which makes it almost impossible to zip. If they didn't smash it to package, it would be 5/5. I saw another review saying something similar but decided to take my chances, should've gone with something else.
So I bought this awhile ago because I thought my old scale broke but it somehow fixed itself, so I kept this as an just in case. Well finally my old one died completely and I, bring forever prepared, whipped out this one. Which also didn't work. Put brand new batteries in, didn't work, followed the directions, didn't work, prayed, didn't work, invoked all earthly powers, didn't work. So I'm back looking for another scale.
Only two stars because cannot fill to top and stack. And very very hard to release cubes.
Being able to reuse a lid that doesn't rust is good. However, there's a note in the pkg warning that you can't shake or turn the jar over. Carrying around or giving the jar as a gift can't happen now. I'll see if I can return it - I already threw away the packaging.
A few of the lids were cracked the first time I went to use them
These definitely don't work as well as a thicker, slightly more expensive egg ring I have. These allow a little bit of egg to run out from under the ring.
Measurements on the inside seemed to be faded, they are very hard to read.
This was very disappointing! To get the pizza hot you need to put it in for another two minutes so are now at six min. It crisped the crust some but still is not very hot! I personally feel that this is not worth the cost. I do not recommend this.
You have to fill the craft twice to fill the reservoir in the coffee matter....Then it will only allow you to get 3/4 of the water or coffee out of craft be cause of the big lip where the coffee or water pours out...Im not happy!!! Coffee maker is great and makes great coffee!!!
These are so poorly made. They are flimsy and cheap - the large scoop broke after about three uses. Do NOT waste your money on these. Spend the extra money to buy sturdy scoops.
Product is beautiful but too tall for my counter, fruits falls out when basket tips, and it is cheaper on Amazon today than 3 days ago when I bought it, plus I have to pay postage to return it.
Flip-lid gets in the way when sipping from the cup.
Color started to peel off very quickly. After only about 2 months the color was completely peeling off so now I'm ordering a new one that's different.
If you like small ice you might like it. My friend says it's worth it. But it takes about 10 minutes to empty and refill three of these little trays and 10% of the ice cubes are lost from the struggle.
We have used this 5 times now. And every time it cooks food way to hot on LOW. When we used it on HI it was like putting something on the stove top.
After 7 months the timer failed. Now it grinds way too much coffee for one day. No changes to the timer dial will change the amount of coffee.
It would be a great blender if it did not leak.
The spatulas were good for a year and then the handles detached from the head and also one of handles broke in half whilst I using it. I believe theres a defect in the handle material.
Very cheaply made. I gave it to my daughter to use in her playhouse.
Hard to get started. Seems very flimsy.
Unfortunately these did not work. I hung my calendar on one of them and it fell to the floor the first day. I am reluctant to use any more on things that may break when they fall.
Cute design but broke within 1st time using it.
Its cute. I was expecting this to come alot larger in size. I will probably used them as gift tags.
Too small and zipper is a challenge
Two stars for the elegant style. BUT, it's difficult to seal, so the beverage can't stay hot as what the description shows.The rubber ring from the top occasionally falls off into the bottle.Yes, please imagine that I have to pour out all the coffee or water and try to get the rubber ring out, cause I don't like the idea of drinking the rubber-ring-coffee.
Just ok. The writing was grainy on the first few cards. Wouldn't be good to give as a gift.
Beautiful however the paint is already coming off the glasses. I am very careful with them. I was more worried that they would break easily. However it's not the paint flakes off from the inside. I will not purchase this again.
Loved the look and it was what we wanted. However after a couple of months of use to store fresh bread that I bake weekly on the counter top we found that the interior bolts had started to rust badly(see pictures). Seems like someone took a shortcut in the quality dept. Replaced them with some stainless steel ones and it will be fine. Just be aware that you will probably need to do the same.
Upon receiving the item all but 1 dish and cup were completely broken. Since I had ordered 2 boxes, I was able to unpack and exam the quality of this dish set. Overall the pattern and color are nice. The plates and bowls are smaller than what I had expected. Hopefully when I receive the replacement set I will better be able to enjoy these dishes.
Good for one year, then broke in the middle of opening a can
They're ok for the price, but you'll be replacing them after a year as they delaminate.
They are okay but not good for commercial use.
Beyond small should of said miniscule
I had high hopes for this product, but it didn't fit well my fruits (eg. avocado and peach), so I stopped trying to use it.
everything was delivered except two of my 3” 1/4 (3 oz jars were shattered
Not great quality - zippers do not open and close easily.
They are fine for containers, but I haven't noticed any improvement in the fridge life of my fruits/veggies.
Missing part that kept top lid closed. Had to hold it shut with my hand. Water got stuck in with coffee and filter and didn't drip all the way into cup. Really disappointed and aggravated.
I was very disappointed that this board had a dent about the size of a half dollar on the face of it, while nothing else it was packaged with had damage at all.
Used this product four times and cooked eggs inside two times. Ended up bending and deforming the container after two uses of cooking eggs. Use for re heating left overs only recommendation.
There is a design flaw with these. They are nicely polished and I like the storage but there is a plastic back that contains the magnet and it is covered with a small circular plastic cut out. On two of my spoons they have pulled out. I believe this will happen with the other over time as well. I like them but this will be a continuing problem. I would look at something else
I loved these container for a few months. However, the plastic on the vents broke off of two recently despite exclusively hand washing. I purchased these specifically so that I could heat up my food with a lid, but I think that's what is destroying them.
item moves as you slice needs to be secured to surface in order to get smooth cut
This kettle has stopped heating water. After two months, I had to jiggle the kettle on the base to get it to engage. Then it stopped working all-together. Disappointed in the quality of this product.
Upon opening, the bottom turntable part fell off.. I thought it also needed assembly but quickly realized that part had already been assembled as the screw wouldn't go in the same hole again. So basically it came as a small shelf, no lazy Susan aspect.
I love this product so much i bought it twice! But their customer service is TERRIBLE. I received the second glassware broken and did not receive a response for one week and STILL have not heard from anyone to receive my refund. I received it on time, but am not happy at the moment.
I like the size of this cup and it does keep my drinks cold, BUT the opening for the straw is too large and my drink would splash out of the cup. I bought this to take to the gym, but after a week I had to find another cup because you can't carry it in a gym bag and if it rips over on the floor, your drink will splash out from the top all over the place. Total bummer!
These do not deal so the leak easily
The opening is very small and the suction is not very good honestly I prefer to use my Plastic one from the dollar store at least it sucks LOL
Pay attention to measurements because the mugs are tiny. I couldn't even put a normal sized mug in their place because most of my mugs are 2 tall to fit. Also only holds 10 oz total of water
Doesn't appear to be well-made. The little twirly piece that moves the popcorn kernels inside the pan would get stuck at times. I wasn't very impressed with it.
My first and only cut was an English cucumber. The product does what it says but because it is not as sharp as you would expect your vegetables are not as easy to cut. Also, I guess I should have paid more closely to the dimensions because it is also very small. I am not returning it because it is not worth the effort but will buy one that is longer.
Smaller than expected.
It would have been beautiful and useful except it was broken when it arrived. It came in an envelope. It should have come in a box so that it would have been more protected.
the cheese cake pan was too small to hold recipe for instant pot so it ran over. Will try to find a different recipe and try it again. I would also prefer fewer but larger bowls that fit in pot. The quality of pans very good 11
Broke after a couple uses.
They look great (as the pictures show). But when they arrived, I thought "wow, those are tiny." Not too small to use. They function. They might be for you. But read the small print on size.
Good idea, but limited on what can be stored. If they included a case for utensils, a pocket or two, and also a handle, then it would be much more useful.
I bought these poultry shears with the plan to spatchcock (butterfly) my 18 lb turkey for Thanksgiving. Things didn't go as planned - the shears were unable to cut through the large turkey bones of the turkey. They easily cut through smaller bones/cartilage and I'm sure I'll find plenty of uses for them around the kitchen, however they did not work for the purpose I bought them for.
Ok, but the lids are obnoxious.
Large plates don't fit in a standard microwave, and paint missing in areas (product was rushed in production)
Filter screen tore on second use! Loved it until that happened!
Some of the letters easily would release the air trapped inside, two of the letters did not have hole where I could put air inside I had to go out and buy another banner to replace those letters because I was not able to find single letters sold separately
This item should have no slip pads on it.
Doesn't close all the way. Leaves get into your tea. Hard to dump out after use. Ok purchase
It was inexpensive and very cheaply made.
Well built and attractive but VERY slow. It takes two to three times as long as other toasters we have had.
I liked the whole concept of this product and thought it would organize my Keurig k-cups, and it did. You have to work with it to get it to close straight though. Being a tad OCD I noticed immediately the gap at one end. It is not a big deal probably, but it drives me nuts to pay for something and then it doesn't work as described.
These work great. Seal real tight. I expected them to be bigger though.
Would of gotten 5 stars but liquor flask fell out.. but I still use it and it looks good...
MY MICROWAVE IS PLASTIC ON ROOF INSIDE SO IT DOES NOT STICK UP THERE
I knew what I was getting, it is just a wall hanging and it works well for that purpose however as others have stated it is impossible to get the folds out. I have had it hanging for several days in hopes they would relax and I even tried steaming them but they don't come out so plan on a way to mount them where they are pulled tight or else you will have lots of fold lines.
Update to 3 stars Finally figured out how to get the machine working consistently again. 1st bought a new metal filter, the new design has a removable part so it no longer traps water inside. This did not fix the pressure problem, just the cleanliness problem. However, I started using a thumbtack to clean the drip point in the metal cup that holds the coffee. This aha moment did not come from customer care but has taken care of the problem. Originally I had this at 5 stars for making great cappuccinos. Went down to 1 star when it stopped working more than 50% of the time. Bringing it up to 3 stars as the machine seems good, but the experience with Customer Care and having to figure out how to get it working right was not awesome. Original review: Good: When it works it makes great espresso and cappuccinos. It is easy to clean, although the sealed metal filters that came with the machine would retain water. Bad: After a 9 months the pressure was insufficient to get the double shot to go thru. No change in coffee brand. Ugly: Spoke with their customer care several times, and it seemed more like they wanted to get me not to submit a claim against the warranty than to help. Just because it made 1 cup 1 time, does not mean it wasn't failing 95% of the times. I still don't know what's wrong with the machine, if it is fixable or not, but now its outside of warranty. Would not recommend.
This is really a good idea, however, my spice containers often fall out of the gripper clips.
Liked the pitcher but it came with crack--pitcher returned
Balloon looked great. We decided to fill it with air, not helium because we wanted it to sit on the floor. Filled it, looked great for 10 minutes, then seemed like it needed more air. When filling (all limbs, torso, head have separate air holes) the head popped. We fixed it for the party by putting a balloon inside and taping the face/head over it. No one noticed. Be careful filling!
I like them but received two slotted and no regular larger one
Can't really review. Item never arrived (lost by UPS).
I liked the product but the lid was a bit hard to get on. Always hand washed but it cracked after less than a year.
I like the cup itself. I don't like that it came broken.
The fryer is the same as most, a decent fryer, my only complaint is the way it was shipped. It was literally the factory cool daddy box with a shipping label, so when it was dropped off, every person who went past my house saw a brand new fryer sitting on my step....thankfully someone was home soon after and it was not missing...but dangerous shipping in own box
Purchased this item based on Amazon reviews, which were proven true in every aspect. The only disappointment I have is that I accidentally dropped it in my sink at a distance of about 6-8 inches and the semi-circular plastic piece at the end of the housing of the grater broke and my husband had to glue it together. Would be helpful to use sturdier plastic.
were not neoprene as stated, cheap foam.
It's a wonderful thing to have but I got it for less.
These are very cute. My only drawback with them is that they don't wipe clean. Look stained rather quickly. They are nice quality other than that.
I've never had one of these that needs paper odd inside. If I had realized that I wouldn't have bought this kind. It's an extra step and chance fir a mess so I don't like it
So, the paper itself is great. It has a nice feel to it, keeps food from sticking. Overall great product. My problem is with the box. The method they have of cutting the paper sucks. I feel like I'm destroying both the paper roll and the box when trying to cut the paper. It's always a real situation. I don't need to be in a real situation just trying to cut parchment paper. Goodness.
I do really like this product. I love the concept and feel good that I'm not using plastic but mine started fraying after only a few times used. I wish they were just a smidge more durable for repeat use. It works better for some things than others but is still a good product.
This coffee pot does not seem to make really hot coffee, like it otherwise.
These are not stick free like they say they are
cheap plastic spigot had to be replaced with a metal spigot; still resulted in inconsistent flow. Sometimes slowing from a tiny stream to a trickle. The metal spigot provided a satisfactory flow but will sometime slow to a tiny stream
Cute concept, but the cat inside the mug is seriously off-center. Quality control dropped the ball on this one.
Love it but I have uneven heating
The 2 tier dishrack is great for doing large loads of dishes. The drip tray fits nicely and floats about 1 inch off of the counter. The two cup racks are useful, however you need to be careful as cups can fall off of the upper level. My biggest issue is that the plastic separators for the plates are very cheap and flimsy. They started to snap after about 1 month.
The cord is WAY TOO SHORT!
it arrived quickly and Ok. looks very nice and matches my existing all white set. Price was fair.
Top will not stay on.
This pitcher looks good...but the problem is the you can not remove the reservoir for cleaning purposes and also it has only a sticker to use when you have to change the filter...in not like the other ones that the red light let you know when u need to change it.... I didnt use yet..i asked for a refund they told me is not refundable but they did an exception and they refunded me the money..the only thing is they told me that i dont have to return the pitcher...they told me to use it...dispose it...or donate.
Not amazing, a little unsturdy and drawer does not open well, but good for the money
Nice looking bowls but they ended up being smaller than I expected, like the most I could for in here is probably like bowl of quinoa
I bought this in March and had opportunity to use it for the first time recently. I loved everything about it except one of the lids is wrong. It had the whole for the serving spoon on the opposite side. So I think you have me 2 right side lids. Wish you'd check the product before shipping. Any way you can send me the correct missing lid?
All plastic, not sure how long it will last, but will give it a go!!
Ordered a set of four 6-inch bowls. One of the bowls in the package was broken. The other three seem to be okay.
I like that it makes the non sharp edges but its really loud and sometimes takes a couple times around for me to be able to open the can.
I really like the pattern. It's not really like a rug but more like a blanket with a nonskid backing. I was looking for something more rug like.
It's a garlic smasher , it's a ok tool ,deffinately not mush to have . Quality is so so , top came off after first use on the upper part , I needed to glue it back together .
Product is as described. Only OXO product that I have purchased that had less that great quality. Just not impressed
It is smaller than expected
Very heavy and I pray it lasts. With the few handles so it sometimes I feel it won't
I love the idea to save our world from all the plastic, but the sticker label that wrapped these bags is so sticky it didn't come off. Not even after putting them through the dishwasher! My second set had the same issue.
I had to squirt the water into it once it was in the fridge because it's so wiggly all the water leaks out. I would think you would have the same problem with baking, that on the way to the oven all the mix would slide to the inside. To use it as an ice cube tray, you would have to put a piece of cardboard underneath. I think the hearts are a little small for baking unless you were making tiny cakes. I'd give it five stars for flexible!
I ordered this because it was amazon prime. The shipping was delayed and it didn't get here in time for my wedding 🙁 very disappointing
Very strong magnets. Used for hands on activity in a third grade classroom. Magnets are very dirty!
Very beautiful bowls. Great if you need extra small bowls. I returned due to Not what I expected. Bowls are much smaller than I thought.
Good but small. Wish it came with ties
Not very durable, at least one split at the zipper.
I loved the concept of the Prom boxes but they are very think cardboard that you have to put together and they have slits to connect them. Not very sturdy and hard to balance, especially on grass or uneven surface. It looks adorable in pictures but kept falling over when we tried to use them for Prom Pictures. It is an inexpensive item so I guess you get what you pay for.
Love the Hydro Flask and how it keeps drinks cold. Like that the bottom is smaller to fit in standard cup holders however the lid is SO hard to get off and there is no closure on the opening so it spills easily. If this had a different lid it would be 5 stars
I should have read more closely ...I was hoping these would be a good size for packing salad dressing in my kids' lunchboxes but they are far too huge. Not sure what types of sauce needs you're trying to get a handle on, but if you got sauce probs, don't rule out a simple jar. Fool-proof screwtop lid? Classic.
nice set for the money - pretty good for cooking
This doesn't fit the Kitchen Aid stand as well as the metal bowl that came with it.
I'm disappointed in how this works. You have to use a lever to lift the mixer out of the bowl and it doesn't lift very high. Also, the turning knob used to increase/decrease power - not sure how long this will last. I don't recommend this product.
Initially, I would have given this glass a five star rating. However, I recently dropped it while it was empty on to a carpeted floor and the bottom of the cup cracked on the inner plastic and is now spreading up the side of the cup. I mean seriously, this is not a flimsy cup but obviously not durable enough that it would crack on the inside just from falling on carpet.
The performance is decent for the price--it blends just fine. It gets VERY hot with just intermittent use over ten minutes making a squash soup. So hot, I need an oven mitt to hold it. For brief use, such as a protein shake in 30 seconds it doesn't get hot. It makes a very coarse noise, if held at the bottom of a saucepan. It works, but considering the heat accumulation with no means of dispelling it, it may not last very long. Unpleasant vibration factors into a decision to buy a different blender. I wouldn't buy it again. I have a two speed KitchenAid that neither heats up like this HB nor makes as much noise, but it does the job as well.
Opens some can nicely, but not all. It depends on the size of the lip of the can--if too thick, it will not work. It is true that there are no sharp edges, and the can top can be put back on (though not securely) if you don't use the entire can.
I bought this hoping to make life simpler than having a faucet connect line into stage filter. The problem is that I am only 1 person and don't use what it says for a family of 4. Then when I happen to go on a trip, the filter is unusable. I also noticed that even though I drained out the water from the pitcher, the top of the filter appeared to have mold on it. On top of that, the filters are quite expensive to replace every 3 months. I am truly considering going back to the counter stage 10 filter. The stage 10 filtration replacement filter was $60 - $70 a year. These filters would end up costing me $100 or more.
I like the tongs. I have hand issues and they are easy to squeeze to grab ice, You push the stem in at the end and they open. But to shut them again, you have to use 2 hands - one to hold them and one to pull the stem back out. Please consider making a locking pair that doesn't require 2 hands.
I really don't use it. Thought it would be great for rice. And tried to do the egg as well. But it really doesn't make me want to use it bc it isn't easy to get the hot eggs into the mold. The rice doesn't work either sticks in it or falls apart taking it out. It just useful for play dough for the kids to play with. After a few tries and being more work than it's worth. The kids ended up with a new toy in the end.
IIt's good, but a bit difficult to pull in and out. ALso difficult to reach the back.
I liked the price but the inside is starting to rust. I've had it 2 months & use it almost every day. I'll buy a glass one soon
Nice bowl and very sturdy.
Got these because I make soy yogurt and it turned out these aren't quite big enough.
It came out of the package dented
Haven't had a chance to use it.
The plastic piece came cracked and it is missing a foot on the bottom of the board. Other than that it's decent.
I looked this up online after seeing someone use one of these on the TV series Orange is the New Black. I thought, what kind of popcorn popper is that? I was intrigued, and ordered one. my microwave is over a thousand Watts so it heats up very fast. I just go by the instructions on the popcorn popper, and use the popcorn button on my microwave. I stop the microwave about 30 seconds before the timer goes off. if you don't, you will get burnt popcorn every time. in a nutshell, it's a fairly good popcorn popper. you can save money by buying your popcorn in bulk.
This item is a quality countertop convection oven and seems like a good value for the money. I am rating it only three stars for one reason. We bought it specifically because the ads clearly state that a 13x9 baking dish will fit inside. If that baking dish has handles, it will NOT fit inside, and frankly I have never seen a baking dish of that sort without handles. So be advised that the ad for this item is somewhat misleading. Other than that, we are satisfied with the oven.
The magnet isnt that strong whenever I close my refrigerator or freezer sometimes they fall off
These were just "okay" kind of thin not really what I had in mind.
One of them broke after a few times using it.
Fair kitchen shears. Could be sharper.
This is a nice heavy duty pasta maker, but I don't have it completely figured out yet. I watched some you tube videos about how to work it, and I will try again. I really want it to work! My star rating may go up once I get it figured out and working correctly.
After using this product it feels like this product price is on higher side. We can get the same quality in less price
The zipper gets stuck constantly when I try to close it. Otherwise it's decent
good, but the handles have a tendency to bend
One of the knives chipped after a couple of uses. Still works but frustrating that it didn't last longer.
I expected to love this but it just doesn't work like it should. It is a tall and narrow cup. The push top doesn't really release enough water to easily drink and if you take the lid off completely the cup is strangely balanced and you almost can't help but spill water down your face and clothes. I like the bands you can move to keep track of your water count but if you spill half the water the count doesn't help much. The straw top is probably a better choice for this tall and narrow cup.
Harder to use than I thought, but I still like the idea.
I had one of these for years and years before upgrading to something a little bigger. Never had any issues with it other that he fact that you can't really use liquids at all in it because it is open to the bottom and over flows.
Like the gadget. Although, the top shown in the picture was not included, which was one of the reasons for the purchase.
I've now had mine for 1.5 months. Love that it saves me from buying paper filters so it has already paid itself off in a months time. Fits perfectly in my 8 cup Chemex coffee maker. Easy to wash. However, it did not hold its shape well, after a few washes (by hand) mine is all crinkly and doesn't look as pretty as when I got it, not the end of the world. Water filters through pretty fast so I don't feel my coffee is as strong tasting as it could be. And recently I've started noticing a metallic taste in my mouth and coffee - not sure how safe that can be. (Shrugs shoulders) Assuming not too good...
It has a nice balanced feel to it. The tang and handle are solidly built. This is the best cleaver in my arsenal. Good for chopping vegetables, it's small enough to trim meat, yet heavy enough to be a cleaver. It's the most versatile tool I have bought for the kitchen as far as dicing, slicing, etc. The bad is the handles are too small for the tang so the edges stick out and are sharp and catch things. That is a bummer.
The coffee maker mug looks great. However it has a crack in the lid where the steam stopper is which detracts from the quality of the mug. Kind of disappointed with this mug because of the crack.
these things are HUGE!!!!!!!!!!!!
Too small for my coffee mug
The item works well for lunch. It cant fit a sandwich but overall its not bad. However it is a BEAST to try to close. The snap tabs on the side barely work unless the lid is set on there perfectly. My daughter has to set it on its side and lean all her weight on it to get it to snap shut. Not so useful for a lil kid.
Arrived broken, but was able to fix it.
Bought to try. Works surprisingly well. Wish it was larger, considering the price.
I was disappointed that I have to use a small cup for this machine. It's not big enough so the coffee is way too strong.
When received one glass was broken
I received this with a broken lid. A replacement will be sent to me but I needed it for Saturday and won't get till next wk. Broken lid aside, it looks good and like it's a good quality which is why I'm willing to wait rather than order a different one
It's a convenient little skillet for a small space. Very east to clean. However, it seems to get hot and then shut down while cooking. The electrical cord won't seem to stay in place as well. Was going to return it because I wasn't totally satisfied. But decided to keep and use every now and again. It's okay, but next purchase would be for a more durable product.
I bought this after realizing that my mixer was going to need something around this size, (my mixer is 20 years old so isn't listed as compatible even though it is) I'm not a fan of the center of it because it makes it difficult to clean, and the top bit that fits into the mixer doesn't fit snugly so I feel like it's going to come off, and for heavy duty stuff it doesn't feel stable enough. Overall it works so 3 stars?
Not at all absorbent.
Razor sharp, but they rust where the handle meets the blade. Keep them dry! Shame they look great but I know that will not last.
Has a very big temperature reduction
They don't hold an edge like they use to. I don't think they use good steel anymore. It's the old cheapen the product to keep the cost down.
Sponge holder doesn't stay on, other than this looks really nice in my sink
Smaller than expected. Only makes tea for one person.
This pan was not perfectly flat so it does not work on a smooth top ranges. It appears to be very well constructed and would be an excellent choice for a gas range, I'm sure, so I had to return it.
Kettle fit and finish is good, but two weeks to receive the product at this price point is much too long of a period of time.
Started out really loving this, but hard to clean behind teal grip. Would not purchase again.
Bummed. Sent it back. I'll spend more next try
Great rose gold color, very durable.
Look good but lids do not fit the cup tightly or securely.
This item is not set to toast like it should, if you set it above number 2 at the dial, you just get burned bread.
One arrived cracked so I sent all back.
It blends my Herbalife powder with water. But it doesn't work at all when you add a little ice. It only makes up to 8oz
nice product, but doesn't stay chilled as long as I'd like
Just ok. Too narrow opening to fit a filled quart bag.
The major tools- scraper and cutters are pretty good. The scraper is the most durable but the cutters bent a bit with careful use. As for the shavers...they are more or less dentist tools with very shallow fittings. One of the shavers came completely apart first time using. Quite disappointed.
Product is great but if you order coffee directly through death wish you get a sticker I did not get a sticker with my order
I like it but the whole process is very messy.
These are much wider at the spooned section than I expected, more of a large soup spoon. I am still looking for something a little smaller that will be better for yogurt, cereal, and ice cream. These are definitely too large for kids to use. The handle length is good though.
Does not keep coffee hot as long as I'd hoped.
The size of these bento boxes is perfect and they are microwavable. My only complaint is that the lids aren't as snug as I wanted them to be and I wouldn't use them with any liquids unless you're going to be very careful because these are not leak-free lids.
Grand daughter loves hers.
These would work great however the straw part that fits in the lid was too big for the cup we have. Measure your cup first
These are not as strong as other similar magnets I have used.
I have the pull out bottom drawer freezer and our ice maker couldn't keep up. I needed trays with lids so I bought 2 sets of these ice trays. They don't spill badly when we pull the freezer open. I wish the lids sealed a little better. The ice is a little difficult to get out so I run a little water over the back.
Construction seems strong enough but I don't think this actually creates much more space under the sink
I purchased this back in late 2016. So at current date it's about 20 months old (give or take). The machine has worked beautifully for about the first year. I use it, on average 2 or 3 times a week to blend smoothies. So mostly cutting up fruits and ice together along with other semi-liquids - peanut butter, etc. So not a significant chore and I'll say the blender cruises through the material today as good as it did during day one. A couple things I'll point out at this point that keep me from being above 3 stars. The pitcher is not scratch resistant. This is relevant to cleaning. If you use an abrasive cleaning utensil (rough side of a sponge, etc.) it will leave the glass looking foggy. Not a huge deal, but certainly makes an otherwise new pitcher look aged quickly. I used the dishwasher for the pitcher, blades, and top 90% of the time. This may be counter to what the manufacturer recommends, but for real life, I just don't think it reasonable not to use a dishwasher on a pitcher for an appliance. The bigger problem with the machine has been the durability of the pitcher and associated lid / latching mechanism. Over the past number of months I noticed the black outer part of the handle on the pitcher was coming apart from the clear acrylic portion of the underside of the handle. I figured it wasn't a big deal, just kind of annoying. Perhaps it's due to the multiple dishwasher cycles (hot water / heated dry) - I'm not sure. This became a real problem recently when the part separated enough that the lit would not fit down properly to engaged the safety switch that runs up the handle due to the handle separating. Instead the two plastic pieces (the lid latch and the separated handle) came into contact, preventing the lid latch from making contact with the lock mechanism that runs up through the handle. I was surprised/disappointed to find that this year warranty is expired (and I've seen numerous reports that the pitcher isn't covered anyway, completely) and the cost of a new pitcher is within about $10 of what I paid almost 2 years ago for the entire unit. I think I'll be more discriminating in the next blender I buy, and not sure I'd trust in Ninja for the next purchase. When dropping the kind of money they expect for these, I'd hope for at least 3-5 years of usability. In full disclosure I didn't call the company to complain or ask for a new lid. I may later, but for now I made a temporary fix myself that will get me through for a little while longer I hope. This entailed very intensive craftsmanship made up of zip ties to bind the handle back together and a dremel tool to zip off the hanging lip of the lid latch to prevent it from hitting the handle. (Even with the handle zip tied together, I couldn't get enough pressure to prevent contact). I've attached pictures to indicate what the issue was and my rudimentary (but effective, for now) patch job.
We bought this item solely for washing our rice and while it does work, it's not the greatest. The rice doesn't fall through the bottom holes, however it does retain quite a bit of water after washing at the bottom of the strainer. Because of this we then try to pour some of the excess water out of the drain on the side near the top... which has larger holes and therefore you end up losing some of the grains of the rice or they get stuck inside the holes. Side note - this was shipped without any padding in just an amazon bag suitable for clothes. I honestly was shocked it didn't arrive cracked or broken since it's hard plastic; we might've gotten lucky.
It works just fine for toast.
I bought this set for serving tea. I am giving 3 stars only because of the quality of the cups. The cups are very light and very thin. Otherwise color and design are good. Delivery was fast and nicely packed.
I like my French coffee press cups..it works pretty good..it could be pretty messy..but for the price i can't complain.
These are functional. But, as I use them I often bang the sides of my bowls (metal ones) to shake off extra batter or whatever and realized that the handles were splintering. They still work, but you need to be careful not to end up with part of the handles in your batter.
So I wanted this to be great, but it's just ok. Right after the first use the “quiet” went away and it's as load as any juicer. It's hard to clean and vegetable debris gets stuck and it is a true pain. I've been using mine everyday since I bought it and to clean it takes a good 20-25 mins. It's does juice well enough, but not better than any standard rate conventional juicer.
Plastic piece broke from lid. Didn't last long, worked well when it was functional.
This is a pretty basic mandolin slicer. If it's upgraded the previous version must a been a piece of wood and a razor blade.
looks cool, have yet to use it but so excited for when i do.
Kind of difficult to put together maybe it's just me I'll update once I figure it out
Due to the depth and width of this mug, I cannot put my hand down to give it a proper cleaning. Thus, after a few weeks there is that awful buildup of coffee staining. Would not purchase again.
Some of the utensils are sturdy but some came a little wobbly. They fell off the wooden handle pretty quickly and had to be glued. You can't wash these in the dish washer and you can't leave them soaking in a pan. If you are ok with that they are nice looking and well sized.
Can't review the product as it arrived in about 25 pieces. Very poor packaging but no problem getting a credit.
I used this a lot and really like the idea of a air fryer. I just don't like the design of this and would prefer the time and the temperature to be shown at all times.
It was popping out of the envelope
Great Dehydrator, have to rate it as 3 star due to the bundled items not all supplied. Received 2 fine screen trays and 2 oven mitts, but no fruit roll up leathers. If anything wish it came with more of the fine screen trays as I use dehydrator to dehydrate items that will fall thru the screens, i.e. Peas & Carrots. the Dehydrator itself though gets a 5 star rating.
Does not roast coffee well
great lunch box. a little too small for the meal prep container i bought though....
...but (you knew there'd be a 'but', right?). The handle is plastic, and is held in place by tabs at either end that snap into the side levers. The tabs on one side broke (just dribbled out the hole in the side of the handle), and now the handle frequently pops out of the lever on that side. Still useable if you pull it exactly straight (there's a recess on the inside surface of the lever that holds it, along with compression between the two levers), but I'll be replacing it with another model made of metal, and see how long that option lasts.
Took two months to get to my house
Unfortunately, this product cane damaged due to being packaged with another metal item. I repurchased a larger size and am happy with my new arrivals!
I purchased this as a gift for my mom for a 6.5 inch lodge pan. It fits very snuggly and does protect from heat. However, my mom has arthritis and it's very hard for her to put this on or take it off the handle.
Cork is a little wobbly.
Nice set. Bowls are huge. Mugs are even more huge!!! Plates are nice. This sound the utensils makes on the plates is al little cringey... overall not a bad value but surprised that we already have a chip within the first few weeks. Would also be great it is had the option to buy additional plates.
I used this product to measure epoxy. The number on the cups are very hard to read. Almost impossible. It's hard to get an exact measurement
This is enormous! Works great, but too big for most occasions.
It fits our bread machine, but not perfectly. The original paddle's production was discontinued. This is an adequate replacement, but the original one was way better. Dough gets into the empty space where the paddle fits on the pin more often than the original and the fit is a little loose.
This purchase would have been a good deal except that I ended up giving them away. Problem was I bought them for my convection counter oven. The 13 x 9 size would have worked - had those been the outside measurement. As it turned out, they would not fit inside my small oven because it wasn't the outside measurements.. Live and learn.
Wanted to get a gift and new this would be perfect for the birthday guy, but it's def a 'get what you paid for' product. While it is as described, it's a pain in the ass to screw on correctly and the metal itself feels very thin, like it will dent or bend easily. Wish I would've spent $10 more for the better brands version
I bought this to help with healthy cooking. I was wrong not user friendly
It seems like a good quality, large chip and dip platter. It came to me packaged well, but there was a chip on the underneath side. It would not have been as big of a deal if it was not intended for a gift.
Instructions on how to fill ice maker need to be included. Ice cubes are really small and melt quickly if beverage isn't already chilled. Freezes quickly. Lid is tricky to get secured to prevent accidents.
The bag is legit, but I was expecting containers with it as the picture depicts and the description does not say otherwise.
Perhaps I should have read the size of the product. For the price ok.
Quality fabric. Works great.
The stir works perfect but the damn bottom fell out second day I had it and I can't get it to reattach so now the batteries won't stay in place without tape. Looks bad lol
Pretty cheaply made but makes good coffee for the price.
The lettering (writing) on the face of the cups is different for each cup and not very sharp so it gives a cheap look to the cups. Cant complain for the price of $3 per cup but not high quality for sure
We picked the turquoise minions but got the black one my daughter was a bit disappointed. The thermo those it's job keeps food warm...
Did not find it very appealing. Made a mess on my stove, and set off the smoke alarm. Used it on the stovetop, and in the oven. When I used it on the stovetop, it burned the chestnuts.
Cracked arrived, they should be careful with the packaging.
Bought this to store coffee pods on the counter, hopefully protected from the air. I guess it does that but the hinge and closure device are of poor quality and nothing lines up right. Not impressed.
Very cute, but the hinge on the back is not high quality.
Even though alternative brand, item fits dishwasher. A tight fit for silverware basket from original basket; less amount of dishes fit replaced basket. The basket does fit and functions when running dishwasher.
Way bigger and bulkier than I expected
Can use this product for many task!
It's a study chopper but the blades are to close together and things get easily stuck in the blades.
The lid doesn't close very well
Overpriced for a piece of wire, but it does the job.
It was able to change my home's tap water taste, but not my office's. As a standard carbon filter, this is not that impressive. Not to mention the whole wrap-around ad the manufacturer put on the bottle - it took me hours to get all the glue off, not a fun project at all
These are nice looking and works with induction, but scratches easily and a little of the coating is coming off in places. A little disappointing but they serve their purpose.
This handle does not stay in position well. Is prone to sliding down easily.
Pretty easy to use, I like that they fold down and are Able to store in a small space. They are a little bit flimsy in the way that a tiny umbrella would also be flimsy. We had one or two of the little spokes break. Overall I felt like this was a really good value for the price.
These are decent overall, but they do warp a little bit. Not badly enough that they can't be used, though. I'd like to see them one gauge thicker.
It's very loud. And some things such as ice take an awfully long time to blend. I have to open it repeatedly to push things down. When you put it in the washer, the bottom (facing up) fills with two inches of water so be careful when removing it....and some find particles of food sink down into the corners. It seems underpowered.
Well it works, doesn't spill our or anything, but with every new bottle the stream is lower and lower. Not sure why. Will be looking for ant alternative soon I guess...
What I ordered and what I got were two very very different things! They weren't even packaged and no vents in the top! Don't buy!
This clock will definitely serve it's purpose, but it isn't very high quality. Black paint is chipped off of some of the numbers and the white face was touched up with Liquid Paper and doesn't look too hot. It is quiet, but definitely not silent. It is certainly overpriced. I will probably keep it, but it will be months before the bad spots don't drive me crazy!
I received this in the mail today and happily went to go fill it up with water. Spigot sucks and it keeps leaking water need to order a stainless steal spigot to replace it with.
I didnt keep these because it wasn't a good fit for keeping food warm for my kids. 10oz is just too small.
Unable to make curly fries of sufficient thickness. Zoodles were on the money.
Love the design of these mugs and capacity as well. So, I bought two and then two more. Only negative is I noticed cracking inside and out on one mug after a few days of use. Seems to be the result of impact or shock on the bottom of the mug which I feel happened during shipment. I'm sure my own handling did not cause this damage. Mugs have NEVER been dropped nor handled roughly. The mugs I received were packed two to a box with only a thin wrap of styrofoam around each mug but nothing protecting the mug's top and bottom... only the cardboard material of the shipping container. As such, exposure to shock/breakage is maximized in these areas and exactly where the damage I noticed occurred. But I did not closely inspect the mugs upon unpacking. Only after use did I see any damage. So, inspect YOUR mugs thoroughly upon delivery as some mugs, like the one I received, will not survive the rigors of shipment intact.
Out of 6 bottles 2 will not stay closed it bounces back when trying to close cap
And animal hair sticks to them. Nice and big but thin
this filter fits my coffee maker, but it seems to be too small to hold enough grounds for a full pot of coffee
My product was thrown on the ground
It's not bad, the metal part with the hinges and lid just feels kind of wobbly and flimsy.
but still nice--maybe 2 oz short
Good bottles. Very upset that one came broken.
There is no low speed.
I like the look and ease of assembly but the storage is limited so check the dimensions carefully. The only negative is that it makes a loud bang/clang noise when I open and close the cabinet it's hanging from.
This was delivered quickly & on time. It says red & white in description (& looks red in the picture) but is more like a red-orange in real life. I ordered for a friend that has a red VW camper van so the color was important.
This item is much larger than I had expected and I had hoped to be able to put it in my dishwasher but it's hand wash only and the red is painted on.
I like that the brushes are replaceable, however, the brush itself is bulky and awkward to hold. It's also not good for using in small spaces because of its size.
I purchased this for black walnuts and it isn't strong enough for that type of nut; however, I feel it would work well for English walnuts and other less sturdy shells.
I wanted so badly to love this butter dish! The base is solid, roomy and well made. The top however developed a crack within a month and its continued to get worse. I don't know if we got a bad one or if that is typical for this product. Disappointed in the quality of the wood used to make the top portion of ours.
Great magnet, very sturdy. The printing is mostly crisp but I've had to go through and fill in the bits where the ink didn't stick.
Hard to turn when its fresh out the refridgerator
Crown was small. I have a small head and it didn't fit nor did it relax enough to adjust fitting. Returning.
Nice dish, but I didn't find that it kept the butter any longer than a regular dish. I've used the type where you submerge the butter in water. They work much better, but it's a pain to get the butter into the container. Plus the one I had didn't hold as much as this does.
Works to an extent, but still get splats of oil coming through the mesh.
soft pen tip making a sharp line difficult.
Bought these to replace the oxo brand which use to work great for me until the new debunked design version hit the market. All in all this scrubber works well. However, if they made a couple alterations this thing would be the cats meow. Like make indentations in the plastic body to enable a better grip, and make the bristles just a little stiffer...Perfect
It's very noisy, but works perfect for grinding the coffee to what you need. We use it every morning for our italian stove-top coffee maker.
It will defrost, but takes much longer then states.
I'm slightly annoyed.... everything came except the handle on my lid. Where is the handle???
Great operation but handle not insulated.
Overall, it is not bad. I wish it stored more guacamole. This week I made guac, and the suction is gone.
I bought this item with the intention of using it for breakfast items such as oatmeal, scrambled eggs, soups, ect. Unfortunately, it doesn't keep them hot the way I expected it to. It's still a handy little cup but I can't microwave anything to warm it up while it's in the tumbler. A bit disappointed.
Would be more useful if sides were taller, but is helpful with the InstaPot
I initially ordered the 11-inch version to sift bran out of my flour to soak before baking, but the diameter was too large to shake over most of my bowls and I had to angle it to keep from sifting flour all over the countertop. So I ordered this one and found that the mesh (which is also ultra-fine) does a fine job, but I can't put much flour in it without it shaking over the sides while I sift. If this company offered a sifter with an 8" (or so) diameter, that would be more ideal. I still use this but it takes several batches to get all of my flour sifted.
Go size bag for the price, but came dirty in the bag. Had brown stain spots on the bag. Kept it because the bag itself was in good shape.
Very pretty but not made as well as I had hoped. Some areas on the rim of the bowels were not completely sealed.
too small, can't even figure a bread in
I did not like them, they are very slick, I was afraid someone would fall off my steps. So I took them off.
Received today...super cute, but one of them is chipped.
I received it on time, but it was way too big. I have to take the blame for that because it's what I ordered. I haven't used it yet. I think I'm still in shock due to the size. I can't imagine what I'll fill it with. Anyway, it looks like a very sturdy piping bag. Make sure of the size before you order it.
Wish it was a bit more heavy duty
Seems to work fine. At little hard to read.
It's not bad, I like the idea and it would allow you to handle the meat less to form a patty, but it's hard to put enough meat for a thicker patty, I wish the walls were longer as I feel that would have helped.
I wanted to give a 5☆ review but honestly can't. First it arrives in scratched up condition with what looks like a near hole in the bottom from a near puncture. Second, a poor manufacturer design flaw. It shows be sealed at sides where gold in metal are. I hand washed, dried, and it still dried water from lodging in folds. I shook, dried, stood there a few minutes repeating. I set on a goal and waited an hour. The towel was damp. So pan cannot be immersed in water. You have to be concerned about this. No dishwasher and no immersion. Hand wash and wipe only.
so far it does't sharpen knives as good as I thought it might. It maybe me. But I did just as the manual suggested. May have to buy a stone.Somewhat disappointing.
Useable but pretty flimsy. The point could be sharper, as it is difficult at times to get the opener stated. I expect t will last for 3 or four years or until I find an opener that I like better.
We purchased this espresso machine because we can use the normal coffee mug instead of the tiny espresso cup like other models. It works fine but there is always a leak on the milk frothing wand. The water keeps dipping when we're making our espresso. Very annoying. I'm hesitating between keeping this item and returning it. We still need to find another model that can use normal coffee mug with this price point. So I might just bear with the leak...
All bread machines seem to have the same kneading apparatus -- the rectangular mixing container has a small paddle at the bottom, which attaches to the body of the machine. With all the sophisticated computerized options, it all comes down to stress at this one point. I make about two loaves per week, and all my machines have ultimately failed at this juncture. This Cuisinart lasted only two years! I just checked out the 3-yr warranty, and you have to pay shipping costs, which makes me decide to just buy a new one, and start all over again.
After very few uses, the magnet came out of the base. I used a very strong glue and so far it is holding. Disappointed.
I bought this for my fiance (I broke here first one). She was disappointed in the quality of this new version. Although it appeared to be the exact same as her original, the quality was not the same. The cap is difficult to crew on properly and will oftentimes leak.
I expected better quality
Looks very nice, but it doesn't pop all the Kernals. More than usual Unpopped kernels gets shot out.
So I wanted something not too pricey but still good quality. It's durable enough but definitely not the level of a calphalon. The lids get too hot to touch if you're boiling anything & so you need to use a towel or oven mitt to remove since the plastic lid cover handle gets super hot. Overall, good nonstick. No problems with scratches or uneven heating. Have been using for almost a year plus
There is a small blemish on the back side. Although I have not used it yet, I have concerns about it's durability. I will not return it, as it will not be used by the time the return date expires. That said. Time will tell if it holds up. If not, I will update my review.
I love the bottle just wish it didn't come so scratched and dinged up :/
This is a solid piece of equipment. I bought the larger size so I could squeeze lemons, lines, and oranges, maybe even pomegranates. However, this does not squeeze limes well, the two surfaces do not oppose closely enough. Oh well.
I'm not sure the hole gets covered with the steel coz I see plastic inside the hole. Can someone let me know if that's true.
The little black triangular pieces used to keep it elevated off the counter came off the first time I washed them and I couldn't get them back in. This was the main feature I purchased this set for so I'm pretty disappointed.
It is crooked and it can't be straightened
They work butch lil messy
This was ordered through a gift registry. All I can say was it was delivered promptly. the wedding has not happened yet so I have no other comment
This teapot is nice and has the perfect capacity. I would rate it higher if it held in heat better.
I received it and it was all busted up. I ordered another one and hope it is packaged way better than this one. No protection what so ever.......
Will be returning. Beautiful glass. Well made. Nice thick glass. Just big and bulky. Ackward to hold in hand. Personal preference. Square glasses are not for everyone. If you've had square glasses and like them. You'll love these.
One of the lids were broken on arrival. The other jars lid was intact.
I am no expert on coffee making but I do enjoy making it with the Chemex. Hence the search for a gooseneck kettle. This is a decent kettle - good quality stainless steel, reasonably priced and nice looking with a good ergonomic handle. Originally I had to return the first product since they shipped it to me with both parts (body and cover) taped. The kettle was of course cleaned before use and no tape was visible. However over time after a few uses we noticed the markings of the tape and it started having a burnt smell. Amazon of course replaced the product. I've been using this for quite sometime now and found it to be decent. If you tilt it too much during pouring the water does burst out. However, unless you buy something with rubber in it to regulate the flow it probably will never be perfect. From a health perspective I am willing to forego the water regulation (since I don't want to drink from something with parts other than steel or glass). It also looks much nicer than other gator models out there. So far no rust after several months of use.
I don't like that everything is a spiral, I would like slices too.
These look more vibrant in the picture than they actually are - even in my picture. They have a cute design but in this case you kind of get what you pay for - these aren't high quality melamine plates. Some of the pieces came with a rough finish on them. And I'm not sure if it indicated this and I overlooked it or what - but these cannot be microwaved.
Get what you pay for. I find out the 600 side works good but the 1000 side tough and below the average.
We aren't happy with this set since the vaccum pump does not work at all...so in the garbage it went! But, we do like the aerator as well as the foil cutter, so we are ok with having purchased it. Although, I wouldn't have ordered it if I'd known the vaccume pump was a dud.
One problem problem I have is that it is pretty hard to sip the coffee when it is super hot. The other is that the lid does not stay sealed - Keeps popping up even when I let off the steam. Lid needs a little work other than that it is okay
One dropper came broken. I didn't bother trying to send it back since I needed these right away. They work okay. They seem to have a pretty good seal when you close them. They however only will suck up half way and it seems like when the liquid is an oil, it drips a bit. Otherwise these are a good product.
I thought the glasses would have multiple pineapples on the glasses like how it is shown in the picture, yet there is only one pineapple on each glass. A little disappointed but still a cute gift.
I bought this to suction to the inside of my stainless steel sink to hold my bottle brushes. The spiral itself is well made and sturdy. I also like that its not an eye sore and blends nicely into my sink. However the suction cups are not very strong and they seemed to stretch out very quickly to lose their shape and become flat which means they lose their suction. It continues to pop off from the side of my sink which is annoying. Seller feedback: increase the quality and firmness of the suction cups so they hold up better and continue to suck.
This coffee maker is tiny but cute
I like the look but it puts out to much soap. It continues to drip soap after I've removed my hand. Motion detector is to sensitive.
The handle is really cheap. Not my favourite.
My Nutribullet was leaking and I thought there was a gasket that accidentally fell out. I ordered the gasket shown above because the seller said it “fits Nutribullet blenders.” After trying several times to fit the gasket in the blender, there really was no way I could insert it in so I returned my order. The company advised me that the Nutribullet 900 series has the gasket permanently affixed to the cross blade so I ordered a new blade ... and so far I don't see any leak.
be careful with this sharp thingy!
I am disappointed. The long bombilla does not fit on the lid top. And the small is too small to use it in the tinny mode. I think it is just a regular cup they they used because they might fit a bombilla, but it does not fit. I though it would be a perfect fit so if you move it around you won't get boiling water on you. But the bombilla has a middle blue ring half way that is to big to fit on the lid. So after waiting for it, I won't be able to use it on the road as I wanted.
Needed a pair that fit over glasses, but these are too small for that. I bought some last year that did fit over, but can't find them again.
I bought several of these for my silverware drawer which is shallow due to a cutting board eating into the height. The spec shows the actual height which fit my drawer but there was also a mention of minimum height recommended which I didn't pay attention to when I ordered. When the knives and forks are added they add to the height and I couldn't use the holder as I wanted to. It's a nice design if you have a service of six.
They don't seem very durable and almost looked as if they had been used but considering the price I'm not complaining
The product works, but the packaging is terrible. When I received the product, it was packaged upside down in a ripped box. It was also full of dust and lint. I had to wash it before I could even use it.
Although a beautiful display the wire work is uneven and wobbles
you get what you pay for. Very light weight. But it does the job. Great for rental places.
I was a bit sceptical about buying the machine from the reviews and finally settled for it mainly for the price. I bought it three weeks ago and it runs about three times a day. So far it works fine and the coffee is great. I am dissappointed with the steam nozzle which works only once in a while irrespective of how well I clean it. Second, the rubbish drawer claims to be full too fast, sometimes after only one coffee has been made.
The steam doesn't work very well all of the time. I don't expect this to last as I would like
The hose has a weird chemical smell. I am hesitant to drink from it.
Didn't fit my fryer so I cut the cord and dispensed w the magnetic contact end and wired it directly into the fryer which now works.
It made making apple pie so much faster. Be careful it's sharp and a little hard to clean. It didn't stick on my counter so that's a bad thing. All in all I like it.
Teapot is nice, handle is loose and I'm not able to completely tighten.
really cute timer (we use for cooking), but disappointed it came with the paint chipped in some areas.
They are quite small and light, but they do function
Really? This doesn't stop the heat with cast iron, I still have to use a pot holder though I guess it means I won't burn the %$^& out of my hand if I forget. Cast iron handles are still too hot to hold on their own with this little thing on it.
Are use it for breakfast shakes After using a short time the lid started to leak Over the place was shaking it
A good product, though I naively assumed it would include each astrological sign, and it does not. I guess I should have read the product description better!
Pro: Compared to the previous model, the flip lock is now constructed with a metal pin vs. the plastic pin. This is the reason my last two Bubba's failed.
I haven't had any problems with leaking as others have stated. After you fill it, turn it backwards until it naturally sets into the grooves and then twist to tighten. I don't understand why the plastic comes up so high and it couldn't just be the base. There are actually holes in the base of the lid so nothing would be held in the lid if it did leak. I am a fan of Vitamix but this does fall a bit short.
I should have checked the size but these are really really small. If you're looking for small cookie cutters then these are fine!
These seem fine but they are the overseas version so I have no idea the date (if you are unaware...sodastream bottles have expiration dates)
Cute. Doesn't hold much. My 8 year old grandson loves penguins but finishes this fast. Wish it held more
3 piece roller, fettuccine, spaghetti set. So the roller is wonderful. Part of me is wishing I just bought the roller by itself. Upon opening the box, the two other pasta cutters had metal rods and plastic combs rolling around in the box with them. It says nothing about these items in the manual. I was assuming they were part of the packaging, but they are likely necessary to the function of the cutters to release the dough maybe? I'll have to wait to find out if that will make it functional, however, because while trying to feed dough into the cutter, it made a loud clunk, that I later discovered was the snapping of the hex bolt that turns the blades inside the cutter. I thought about returning this item, but being that it took me and hour to scrape out all of the pasta dough from the crevasses of this thing, I don't want to deal with shipping it back and hoping they refund my money for a dirty machine. I found a replacement bolt and will fix the roller and see if using the combs will fix the problem. Really wishing kitchenaid had better instructions in the manual for this product. Side note: using a plastic toothpick and a smaller scrub brush/pipe cleaner that I have for cleaning straws came in VERY handy to clean the cutter. Also, don't even bother trying until the dough dries out, I waited overnight.
It doesn't keep ice all day like my yeti. But for the price you can't beat it
I love the look and weight of this set, plus they are all a consistent size and color. The only down side was two knifes and a spoon came with the black coating missing on the handles. All in all a decent starter set for the money.
We received our product in good condition and they do seem to work but we ordered ours to be purple and received green instead kinda highly disappointed in that
I bought this mug about eight months ago, though have only used it a handful of times. I give it three because while it worked, it worked perfectly, is a great color and I like the larger size, grip area and that it fits in my car cup holder. But the last time I used it it leaked everywhere from the lid. I had it in the side pocket of my lunch bag. It was only half full, and I have only ever hand washed and air dried it. I've had fine experiences with other contigo mugs, but this one was rather disappointing.
Nice piece. A bit stiff due to the material being a bit different than what a regular bandana would be but it did the job well.
It's okay...it does help but on a hardwood floor its not supportive enough to stand all day without knee pain/leg stiffness. The different features are nice, but kinda hard to use since the mat is so big. Overall I like it but am thinking about buying a different one.
It was nice until it shattered.
Works okay. Kind of cheaply made. The device used to hold the what you ate slicing broke apart almost instantly. Like the variety of blades though.
The company sent a new product. Way better! Only took 3-5 seconds to get a read. Used it for brewing and cooking. Good for a cheap thermometer.
VERY DIFFICULT TO REMOVE LID.
I originally had the assembly about medium hand tight. That leaked like there was no tomorrow. I now have it cranked down to as tight as I can possibly get it, to the point I think it might break if it goes any tighter. That still leaks, about 10% of the original leak. There are still a few drops on the floor within a few minutes after filling a glass. Whether that is coming from the connection or from the spigot internally, it's a design flaw none-the-less.
Filter could be better...had to use paper filter. Glass is thin...broke after one month. Liked the cork wrap. Would not buy again.
Did not come with any directions on how to put it together, so I still haven't used it.
I have been looking for a drink container exactly like to this for my kids lunch boxes.. specifically because it has a latch to eliminate the inevitable milk spill that kept occurring with the thermos funtainer we were using. The spout instead of a straw was also a major plus for easy cleaning. Unfortunately, this product had a nauseating odor when we got it. I ordered two and both had such a strong smell that it took countless washing, air drying and soaking in vinegar and soap for me to even consider putting a beverage in it. Several weeks later it finally seemed to dissipate and is now being used regularly without any problems. This little bottle would be absolutely perfect had it not been for the chemical odor. I wish I could reccomend it but it depends on how fast you need to use it. I don't think I would order again but i love the design and feel like it is safe to use now that the odor is gone.
They do the job but are not a quality product. I noticed one of the containers has a crack in it. I didn't notice it right away so I am not returning them.
Good concept. No brush on the straw brush . See picture. No key chain attachment which I think is kind dump, I think they should have included that. I like that it's American-made but they do need to put the little bit of extra effort in.
Had been wanting an air fryer for some time now. To be honest, now that I have one I'm wondering why I wanted it. Ours sits seldom used. It does not save time, has limited cooking space and is just one more thing to clean after dinner. Though this one is easy to clean. If you are looking to get one this is a pretty good quality unit. Works as advertised for the most part. One drawback is the rotisserie feature. Don't get me wrong. It functions properly, unless you put a bird on it. I put a small chicken in and the legs and wings constantly dragged the bottom. Kept waiting for the gears to break. To the manufacturer's credit the machine pushed right on through. If I do another chicken I will probably tie it with some cooking twine. If you must have an air fryer this is a good one to have. Personally I'd rather use my oven.
They are very flimsy and smell strange to the point your beverage doesn't taste great.
Too small for thumb to fit comfortably
They were good for the use of wine glass lanyards but too expensive not to include a logo of choice.
These are thin and they have fillers. Not bad for lunch boxes but not sure they're going to hold up to baking...
I would give this 5 stars but there is one main flaw. Its is very difficult to collapse. If you dont need a collapsible kettle then this is great. Im not kidding, its a real pain to collapse, be prepared to struggle with the silicon buckling the wrong way back and forth again and again until u want to throw it in the trash.
Fair quality but expected a lot better cut.
I immediately broke a plastic part off when adding the wine glass racks but it didn't affect the utility of it. The drain pan does not drain as well as I would expect, but I usually pick it up on the higher end and quickly drain it. The pros are the size is really nice and it holds a lot. I use the wine glass racks for drying the mesh coffee filters so it is versatile. It is also nicer to look at than the plastic ones.
I like a few of the cutters, but some were too difficult to use and wouldn't cut through the bread.
As I told you before, the lids arrived in good shape, except one lid is too loose, it slips back over the opening when trying to drink, and the other is very tight. We can live with the one that is too tight, but the other one is frustrating since you have to move it back with one hand as you drink. You said that you would send new ones and not too worry about sending these back. I was impressed that you would do this and was ready to give you an excellent review when they arrived. We have received nothing so far.
Works great to shake out salt but our pepper will not come out. Shake once you get pepper shakes twice and nothing. I have to hit the jar on the table every time to get the pepper to come out.
First a button on the handle basket broke, but it turned out that wasn't an absolutely necessary piece. We used this thing daily, sometimes multiple times. Then one day, the whole unit just wouldn't turn on. I called the company customer service number in the manual and they were able to send me a new unit at no charge. They did not have my exact unit in stock and wouldn't for 2-3 months, so I got the manual unit instead. We should receive it in 7-10 days. We love this product, so hopefully the 2nd unit will last longer!
Everything works as of its a spoon and the spoon had very little curvature to it.
I love these but need to buy replacement lids mine are split 3 of them so far. want to buy some more jars but need to be able to get lids too.
This is not a full size pan. That said, I'm using it with loaf size recipes and it's nice size for two people.
I left my drink for a little bit with the straw in it and and when i drank again, the taste was horrible, like metal! I hope this doesn't contain led and I hope is food grade stainless steel because I'm pregnant! And the flavor was very strong like metal ..
These are pretty good but I only give them 3 stars because over time they cause coffee build up inside the cup holder so if you want to use your Keurig for hot water only you will get bits of coffee grinds in your cup.
works but not sturdy, next time I will spend the money and get a heavy duty one. shipped fast. good for on the go one time use.
Concept is nice , however the spoon and muddler do not stay in place. I kept it anyway. Nice tools tho.
I expected a hefty product with substantial weight. This is light stainless and, if you equate weight with quality, will be disappointed. If you want a light weight kettle, this works well. The whistle is loud and high pitched. Overall, works well.
i would say this is not a bad item. not dryer friendly.
This blender woke up my whole house!!! Including my tenant downstairs. Walmart has MUCH better blenders than, that's waaaay quieter and for the same price. Buy at your own risk!
I ordered 3 of these but on HALF OF THE BIG SIZES, the top will NOT close. I'm not sure what is wrong exactly but it's sad because I bought these to meal prep. Very very disappointed because the glass and everything was so nice. If the top doesnt close, well that's kind of pointless right.
Ok so these do not look at all like the photos on the listing but they do look just like the photos in the review section shouldve checked that before ordering
The popper blows out half the kernels while popping and only cooks a small amount of popcorn. Once you have used it , it has to sit for a long time before you use it again. Not good for movie night with the family.
I ordered these for a Parisian themed tea party with my students. The cups are very cute, but several of them arrived cracked or chipped. I had to throw out about 20% of the product. I ordered two packs. One was definitely more chipped than the others so maybe it was just a fluke.
When I received the package, the box was open and the pan was exposed to the air. The "egg ring" that was meant to be included with the product was not in the box. Possibly, it fell out at some point due to the destruction of the packaging. The blue packaging tape holding the box shut was torn on all sides of the package as well. The skillet itself is heavy and seems undamaged, which are good things. Hopefully, despite it's awful introduction, it will be great to cook on.
Would like if they were a little wider.
Fast brew and great for our household since I'm the only coffee drinker. Will use for trips as well so I can still have MY COFFEE instead of cheap hotel coffee and questionable coffee machines. Changed star rating because it won't brew a full cup and yes I do but 10 oz of water in it. Shuts off and I have to restart it until water is out of tank. Worked great for 3 weeks.
The flutes were lovely ... unfortunately, they arrived broken. I was so disappointed. They were so poorly packaged, you would think they would package something so fragile more carefully.
Product is damaged. Not worth the hassle of returning it. Next time I'll go with a better product
My Dad loves NCIS. Has to use a magnifying glass to read the tiny print on the mug.
Of the two pack, only one worked correctly. The other one leaked. Very disappointing.
Too slippery and not as expected
Reasonably sturdy construction. If you use magnetic storage strips be aware that they are made from non-magnetic stainless steel
Interesting to have all these features, looks good, but after one year of use, it takes forever to weight something. Reaction time is very very slow, making it almost impossible to use (and yes, I changed batteries, and recalibrated it)
The electric cord lays on the glass which appears as if it must get hot. I asked about it and this fact was denied. I can't respond there so uploading the photo here. I'd like to know if there is something missing or otherwise how this is okay.
Put in dishwasher once and the color faded away drastically.
This is a great product; we use it frequently for fast meals. Makes the meat so tender. Hard-cooked eggs or apple sauce in 6 minutes. No longer have to soak beans or peas for soup, makes them in a jiffy. Changing my initial 5 stars to 3. the coating on the inside of the pot is flaking off. I see others have the same issue. Looking for a stainless steel replacement liner for it.
Not even close to 2.5" on the inside.
They look good but I have not used yet as l broke my arm may be you can send this again in a month
Thought it would be more like an edible glitter. Nope.
I feel like the village idiot. I cannot get the rack to open and I don't want to pull so hard that I break it. I would rate 5 stars if I could open the darn thing
Love the cups but the lids are not functional. The lids do not snap shut. One of them just sits open and won't connect to snap shut at all.
Nice mugs, but one arrived broken. Packaging was the reason.
If you are looking for everyday plastic plates, these are not them. They are very flimsy and the edges are quite rough. The design of the plates makes them never dry in the dishwasher. If you want them for tailgating, picnic, beach or other occasional use, then these would be good. We wanted them for our children to use every day and these did not work.
I dunno, exfoliated my skin alright but all it did was pull out my hair follicles and leave all the clogged pours and whiteheads behind. Tried multiple uses. Just didn't work for me.
I love this pot BUT, the cup/liter measurements on the inside are inaccurate - you can see this in the second picture at the top - it equates 6 cups to 2 liters. The 2 liter mark is accurate - the 6 cup mark is really closer to 8 cups. Making yogurt calling for 2 quarts milk, I filled this up to the 8 cup mark. When I later tried to pour it into a 2-quart container, I had way too much! Not a problem, once you know it's inaccurate and adjust accordingly. Would be 5 stars if not for this issue.
These lids are useful if you have containers that don't have their own lids. Otherwise, they are not really stretchable to cover, say half-watermelon or other large things. I was expecting them to be more elastic and stretchy.
I am used to wooden spoons. Most I have are at least 30 years old. These are very light weight and splintered. Perhaps my expectations were too high. I doubt that these will last as many years, but for the price they do the job.
This is a great product. I was comparing this against the Yeti. I should have gone with the Yeti because it keeps my ice and water cold for longer (I only use this for cold water), and the Yeti does not build up liquid and condensation on the lid. It is Impossible to clean the lid to remove the condensation and liquid that gets trapped in the closing latch. It seems unsanitary that this happens every time I use this product. This product also leaks, which is making me think I have a defective lid. This is a good product, but I am regretting not going with the alternative option.
Looks great. Magnet not the greatest. Shears fall constantly. Knives fine.
Didn't work well for me
This is not a bad dispenser. I'm not sure if it's the steam from the coffee but it seems that the spout where the sugar comes from gets a little sticky opening and closing. It kind of feels gritty. It is easier to fill than my last one.
Smaller than I thought
The square glass replacement jar works great. Thank goodness I kept the blade attachment from my old jar. The one that came with this jar leaks like a sieve....totally useless.
I ordere 2 . One was great so i ordered one more but that one seems to leak
Dropped 2 feet on a soft floor and it dented
For me.....these are ALMOST perfect. The perfect size I was looking for. I can live with them not being microwaveable but you can't use them for hot beverages? Not even coffee? Takes up a lot of space in cabinet for something with limited use. If they could handle hot coffee at the very least, I'd say they were perfect.
The product I was expecting was a plush matt that would turn bloody when wet. What I got was a thing layer that was the size of a matt but because it was rolled up in a box for shipment, it kept rolling itself up like a piece of paper. Its awkward, and doesnt provide stability or safety when getting out of a shower or tub. However, it does turn bloody when wet.
I ordered this because it is used by a YouTube cook that I follow..I even ordered it through his Amazon page. It works great but mine was a little warped (didn't lay flat) out of the box and marks are left in the pan after cleaning. Maybe from the heat?? Not quality but functional at this point. Next one I purchased it will be a heavy duty one.
beautiful but the glass is chipped in a couple of places. It was wrapped well so the chipping likely did not occur in transit. I am keeping it as I am using it in a location where the defects do not matter but just want to make it known that there are defects.
works ok for what it is
This does not hold many bags.
Never received this item. It says it was delivered but didnt get it at my place. I'm not sure how to report if this were stolen
I'm not sure if it's because I'm using it for a very small appliance (4 cup coffee maker), but it just doesn't work well for me. When I pull the tray forward, it doesn't roll. Instead, it slides as if there were no rollers underneath. I'd be afraid to use it on anything other than a countertop because it might scratch. It does look nice.
Well constructed pan, just smaller than I wanted (my own fault). I use this to cook bacon on an outdoor grill that has a side burner. It works well for that but I can only get 6 slices of bacon on this pan. So, hardly worth the effort to use it over the round pan.
I don't really care if I had a copper cup that tarnished, but when the selling point of a product is that it has a thin lacquer to prevent this and it doesn't do it...then i say BS. These have been used once, never in a dishwasher, and I have black spots forming all over them. Weight is just like any other cheap copper cup out there. You are not getting any better quality here. They are still pretty chintzy. Nice design, but not worth the price.
It did make butter and in very little time. However, both ends leaked, and it was hard to drain because the butter clogs up the drain holes. I feel like you could do just as well with a mason jar.
They aren't really no slip
Innovated design but packs not much of a punch. Could be a lot brighter for the money.
One handle is beautifully finished sealed and polished, the other is just crimped closed. This allows juice or wash water to get into that handle. (See photos) So you will need to dry it with the juicer/large side down so it will drain. Other than that it feels solid and works well.
This was a lot smaller than I anticipated.
I received the first mug broken so I asked to exchange it and luckily it was exchanged, I received the second one fine but after 4 days of using it, while I was washing it the handle just broke off. It was nice while it lasted, and kept my drink warm but it's super fragile and broke on its own.
You get what you pay for!
I would continue to buy them if price comes down. they are not super quality, thinner than most typical brands and breaks easier. But decent given smaller capacity. there are 60 in the box - so you figure. my kitchen has 4 of smaller bins installed in the cabinet. So i wanted a better fit for those. BUT, Hey, you get more than 60 for better quality 13g kitchen bags. So i wont buy these unless price is competitive.
We returned it sadly because I needed specific measurement for sink and the actual item was larger than the package claimed on specs by 1/2 inch in each direction.
Nice quality but not ideal for cookies that need to be laid flat because it opens on the short side.
I purchased this product to replace a large bread basket that my husband broke during the holidays. This basket is very small and seems more suitable for a small family or couple. This is not large enough to hold bread for larger family gatherings like holiday dinners. Be aware of the measurements when reviewing this product.
Have 2 units and both stopped working after 3 and 6 months. Easy to use and clean but need more longevity out these units. I have bought 6 total in last year for personal use or given as gifts to friends.
Yea as another said. Not for coffee because it's a 20 oz. Mug. Either pens or soup. Wish they had smaller size.
Needs a pour spout, but otherwise a great fryer. Handled hand cut fries and veggie oil fabulously. When time to clean the oil out, it got all over the side and lip of the unit because there's just no good way to remove the oil from this thing. I mean, I guess unless you froze the entire unit and chipped the oil out in chunks.
I like the product, but it is very light weight. It moves with any wind or movement of the door and doesn't lay flat. It looks like the photo and is a good value for the price. I bought two of them and put them on interior doors.
Hi, I bought this for my mother for Christmas, and as of yesterday, while making for company, it is not working. I sadly didn't get the warrenty. Any suggestions?
Gave this as a gift to my dad. Worked great till handle broke off about a month latter.
Works pretty good.....but so does a toaster oven, and they do the same thing.
Worked fine for almost three years then just stopped working for no reason
Nice mold but the feet are too big for my Treats, it wouldn't be flattering at all..Much bigger than I thought, probably won't be using it.
I like this, especially the shape being slim. The thing I don't like is that screwing the lid on and off is pretty loud. Everyone knows when I take a drink!
Inexpensive and a good size. They cut pretty easily though, so expect to buy regularly if they are your normal cutting boards.
a bit strange shape but I wanted something different and got it
One glass was already broken upon delivery. How do I get a replacement.
Broke after two weeks. Strange.
Beautiful set, had to return because it came shipped to me with a chip on the bowl. I ordered a replacement though :)
Okay overall. It's good for walking around, but not for they gym. It needs an air pressure valve because in the gym when you want to drink more quickly it feels like your head's going to implode from sucking so hard.
Great for the price. They do come apart in some places. And aren't extremely durable. But for a beginner or someone who doesn't use often, they should do fine.
Product began to tear at the seams.
I've tried using these a few different times and ways and haven't noticed a huge difference in cake dome-ing. I think I am just stuck with topping off my cakes.
Not exactly a dark or royal blue like pictured more of a cornflower blue and one of my mugs wasn't glazed everywhere so was immediately thrown out
It works great for deep frying french fries, that's all I've done with it so far. I gave it this a 3 star because, I wish I had better control of the temperature but other then that, it's A-okay.
It is hard to get the pills in, I would rather do them all at once as opposed to one day at a time when filling.
I rated this only a 3 because I was suppose to get the navy blue top not the white. Disappointed it was the wrong color. Other then that I love it!
I replaced my old one for the exact same model, I noticed that the door sticks enough to tilt the oven. Tried opening and closing it fast about 10 times and no change. Was hoping for one that was at least as good.
The meat sticks to it so while it helps with size, you still have to reshape it anyway.
While I really liked the final product, I had to make multiple attempts to get the pieces out whole. I finally ended up making the pieces two at a time and the large spine/head on it's own. They still broke, but usually in only one place per piece, which is easily patched with a little more chocolate.
Because of the way the zipper is designed, I am unable to put much if anything on a second stacked level. It has enough room for a single dish/meal and small snack. It works great on short days, but I am lost if I need to pack 2 snacks on top of the meal.
It's a little too flimsy for my liking. I dented the thing while just trying to remove the label. The dent popped right out but it made me realize it isn't much more durable than the pyrex one I shattered last week.
Good packaging, etc.. Seems quiet cheap, very hard to open/shut. Will probably buy different containers later on. 5/10
Does NOT FIT new Rtic tumbler
All of these work great and while they're awesome for the price, one came with the side chipped. Other than that, no complaints. They go well with my table and chair and for $5 it's worth it
The boxes appeared to have already been opened. I ended up using fishing line to construct my arch,
The bottom container isn't as functional as I was hoping. It kind of flops open and is difficult to unzip
Found the craftsmanship to be Iffy. The ridges for the bottom we're not set evenly, and the glass did not seem strong. I returned this item
The large is too big. Wish I got small/medium
I wanted something that was washable and easy to use. The only problem I had was they put stickers on them to hold 4 together for a package of 12. I have scrubbed and soaked them in really hot water and still can't the glue of the Holder. Also, some of the holders were not completely pressed out. It doesn't hurt the function of the holder. It just looks sloppy. They will be easier to use then the wicker ones.
Absolutely love the idea. I wanted something I could put on a beer if I couldn't finish it (after I've had a few of course). It does the job but pops off when I put it in the fridge so maybe try storing them in your fridge as putting a room temp one on a cold drink and putting that in the fridge will cause the cap to constrict and pop off, defeating the purpose. So in other words, I'll just finish my beer.
I like the straws! I wish that the packaging had not included plastic, though. That kind of goes against the whole point of buying plastic-free products.
they are nice but not as good of a material as i would have liked.
The product was fine except for the burner. The flame is to close to the butter cup. It makes the butter boil.
One of the timers, the second button would not work so you could not reset the time unless you removed the battery, which is difficult to remove due to the way the battery compartment is designed. Other than that, the timer is very easy to use and very lightweight. The magnet works well to hang it up. The screen is nice and large.
I have not used it yet... I am sure it will be wonderful :)
Mostly used for stir fry.
I wish I could give 5 stars. As far as the glasses go, I absolutely love them. But three glasses arrived completely shattered
This was much smaller than I realized. It's still really cute but my dogs knock it over when it sits on the floor (even when full). Yet it's too big to sit on the counter.
One of the trays cracked upon removing ice. A little disappointed but life goes on.
I used these tablecloths on the floor for a photo prop with a Moana boat we made for a birthday party. It looked awesome but was such thin material it didn't hold up well at all. Not sure I'd pay this kind of money for three plastic tablecloths again.
Lasted not quite 3 years. Mostly used by one person, 2 cups/day, more use at holidays but not excessive by any means. Very disappointed. Got this when previous keurig pooped out after 2 weeks. Thought this would last longer.
I bought these for a toast at son's wedding reception. Stylish and cute. The box arrived promptly and in good condition however when I went to assemble and use one sleeve of them were damaged, 7 crushed and 3 more cracked. Luckily I had extra.
The kids are hard to get on
If you are looking for a mister, look elsewhere. This gives more like a stream. A bit disappointed.
Cute straws, the rubber protector is not easy to put on. I had to cut it in half because I couldn't slide it all the way down but these are still a good value. And I love that they come with cleaners
This ice cream scoop was amazing at first. It goes right through the hardest frozen ice cream effortlessly. It's solid, and has a nice feel to it. Unfortunately, within the first few uses, i discovered this was made of plated cheap metal that started corroding. The metal is actually pitted and the plating is bubbling up around it. I've only used this about a dozen times, but i'm growing concerned with the metal flaking off into my ice cream now.
the bottles are fine but one of them didn't have a cap. who ever put the bottles in the package knew that, would be hard to miss. Oh well amazon got me
I used it for corn starch and cocoa powder. It is difficult for either of them to pass through the sifter. I had to bang the bottom on a table to clear the top and try to dispel the fine powders successfully way to many times.
Does what it promised. Good price.
The grinders work, but the look and feel is of below average quality. Will see how long they last. Ok to keep in kitchen, not something to put out on the dining table.
Nice sturdy bowl, just wish it was 2x larger.
I just receive the product but a little disappointed with the size. Its very cut but could be a little bigger
I love this aerator! Making my bar look great and needed it for my wine. I can definitely taste the difference; however, the stopper pump broke today out of nowhere. Very disappointed :(
The plastic lid melted the first time I used it. I guess I got the pot to hot and when I put the lid on after boiling the water it melted to the side of the pot. Also the handle started to melt so I had to make sure the flame wasn't to high. Other than that It made a great great of coffee.
it works, but is not convenient
The two boxes were packed with other items and got smashed. The quality is okay. Not the best but not the worst. I've used better pop up wrappers. Won't be buying these again.
My worst buy ever on Amazon. I don't recommend it to any one. Absobuly hate this product.
The napkin rings are fine, but I ordered 2 sets of 4 and one package only had 3 inside. There was no invoice in the package and I cannot find any way to contact the seller's customer service. They are cheap enough that it doesn't really matter, but be aware you may not receive your complete order.
Item did not come with chopsticks as advertised
I was very disappointed on how these were shipped to me. 5 of these were out of the haphazardly packed plastic bag upon arrival. This then made them scuffed up and shoddy looking. They are for a Birthday weekend destination so hopefully my guests don't mind they look used and scuffed up. Please take better care before shipping them to their destination.
...as other reviews noted, the balloon just does not hold air. It began visibly deflating as soon as it was filled. I purchased as a funny part of a gift, so it still served my purpose.
Two of the four had cracks in them when they arrived. The ones that aren't broken serve their purpose.
the unit falls apart when my wife uses it I complained about it the co. said it would send us an other handle assy. AND NEVER RECEIVED IT!!!!!!!!!
Does not go under food well
Wanted to get a replacement as it's damaged on one end
The item itself was fine however,, 4-5 bottles were broken and have asked how to get reimbursed for these or them replaced. I prefer a replacement.
My initial enthusiasm for the product has been tempered by the realization that the quality of the construction is just not there. The plastic cap is cheap and will certainly not last. Replacing the CO2 cartridges has been an expensive adventure in waste - the gasket in the cap was slightly mis-aligned which allowed the gas to vent rapidly as soon as the cartridge was tapped. I burned through a couple before I figured out exactly what the problem was. Since this is a relatively new company, it will be interesting to see if they can learn from these early mistakes and improve on the design. If they can't do it soon though, I'm betting a competitor with a better design and superior materials will bury them. It's a great idea, especially if you live in a city like mine, with a lot of craft brewers whose beers are not available in stores. The demand is definitely there.
Super fun gift but deteriorated, and began to leak after a FULL night of use!!
I am about to order my third one, because although my first works like a charm, the second one has always leaked slightly. This is not OK when brewing Kombucha. I've always kept it stuffed with paper towel, but this doesn't seem sterile and the SCOBY is continuously forming inside the spigot. The spigot is not as tight, it has some give to it, whilst the fist one I bought has no give. I've tried tightening it to no avail. Wish me luck on the 3rd try!
You get what you pay for. Good for smaller families.
Nice cup. Downside is that material on outside of cup is plastic that doesn't feel great.
Delivered with excellent packaging. The printing does not have as NCIS as was posted. Will not return to this vendor.
Honestly, it's really cute, but the tea ball inside is really small.
not edible unless you want to go dentist after you break a tooth
First of all, ignore most of the one star reviews who were people that did not read that this is not for use in the USA. I bought it to use overseas and mostly I like it but there are some definite areas that could use improvement. Pros: Works well, strong Motor (Many juicers have a lower wattage that give up or break on you. Not this one.) Cons: No place to store the juice Spout is too low, you need to use short glasses to catch the juice While my last juicer wasn't quite as powerful, I liked it much better and it was much cheaper. It stored the juice and doubled as a pitcher when done. This one just spills it out a spout and you need a short glass to catch it. You'd have to then transfer it to a pitcher cup by cup. Also the spout is low. None of my glasses were short enough to fit! I had to position it over the counter edge and use one hand to hold the glass. The problem is that sometimes, with only one hand on the juicer, it would move a bit and the juice would spill. But if you have some shorter glasses and want to only drink juice a cup at a time, this works great.
Amazon dropped the ball on me. I paid for new and got sent a used set of Amazon warehouse deals merch. A taped up monster got dropped on my porch. Despite a sticker that said it had been inspected, the sauce pan had clearly been cooked in. I called and they offered me $32 off. Seemed kind of paltry considering... Otherwise, they are high quality for the money. Understand that you're getting 10 pots for $140. They are a good value for the cost, if you're looking for all clad, save yourself some tears and pay for higher end pots.
This works great. Most of the time but fails to meet some stubborn garlic cloves. Worth the purchase at just 5 bucks!
I purchased two of these racks. One of them was okay but the other one didn't fit together and had missing pieces. They are cute but not super sturdy. They did allow me to return them for a refund.
I was willing to pay a little more to get a great quality travel mug. I will never know if the mug itself was a good value. The chip in the color (a thin film surrounding the mug?) upon arrival convinced me that it could never hold up to how I will treat it. Bummer.
This is not a heavy duty toaster. Does not toast bread evenly on both sides
Like the clean style and weight. One knife was discolored on arrival. After a few uses the satin handles scratch easily.
Too short for all of my cups. I have a lot of steel straws but none are this short.
The organizer came broken, but what else do you expect when you buy cheap china made products. Luckily you can find these same type of modular cases at the dollar store... all in all, wanted an inexpensive starter set, and that's what it is. It'll do the job, but will soon upgrade to a better set
Nice design and quality but inner rack slides from side to side. We roasted a chicken and rack was so slippery that chicken almost fell out of the tray when taking it out of the oven. I am no design expert, but perhaps bottom of rack needs to be wider or heavier so that it does not slide around. Pan itself seems to be well designed, sturdy. Inner pan sliding around was the only issue.
kinda cheep feeling, and smaller than I thought, kinda hard when you dont get to physically hold something before ya buy
I like the bottle attachment, as it makes making my shakes simple but, The one speed button has already broke !!! I can only use on turbo now and thats wayyyy to powerful for certain things. I bought at the end of July and it broke in August.
1 damaged In pack of four.
When I ordered these three trays I figured you just twist the tray and all the cubes come out. That is not the case. The cubes must be pressed out one by one. Not a deal breaker, but not that convenient either. I would probably check out one of the less expensive versions of the ice cube trays.
Does what it is supposed to. The beep is louder than necessary.
I absolutely love it except for one minor thing. It leaks really bad when you pour from it.
The tan and brown are a lot darker in person. Infact the whole thing was much darker than in the photo so that was kind of a bummer. It doesn't slide around on the kitchen floor too much, and it seems to be made well and sturdy. I think it will hold up just fine.
The pitcher performs perfectly and holds a good deal of liquid, but the lid is almost impossible to remove. The lid seems to be made from the same material as the rest of the pitcher, and has no rubber gasket to create a tight seal, so instead of instead the lid wedges into place when placed on. It becomes even more difficult to remove when wet. Instead of hurting my fingers trying to take it off every time I go to refill it with fresh filtered water, I've taken to just leaving it on all the time. My water filter trickles at a rate just slow enough that it can fill up the pitcher without spilling water.
Looks nice works well
It is a cool looking waffle maker but it could work better as it is it heats up quickly and not all of the batter makes it into the waffle maker itself i will be trying different methods of cooking with this but as it stands not i'm unimpressed.
The lid won't shut sometimes. It said the cup was stainless steal but it's not. It's plastic on the inside. I like that it's fast though.
Nice product but too small. The handles are a little flimsy and sometimes difficult to close as the handles seem breakable when trying to close the container.
The spoon arrived totally scratched which absolutely worries me. If in transit, rubbing against the other included utensils, the coating easily comes off, what am I to think about when I'm using them? Will I be eating the enamel? The weight of these utensils is good but what a poor choice for the coating. I need these for a camping trip in a couple of days so I'm not returning but I am wary of using these regularly or long-term. They are pretty though.
While they seem to be a good sturdy holder, they are not Gold. They are more yellow. Also the tab does not secure the holder. I am going to just add a small piece of tape on the inside to hold.
We had a older one and it kept the coffee hot for hours, the new one only kept it hot for two to three hours. They change something!!
My daughter loves this for her school lunches. Only problem is that she had yogurt spill inside and I took a couple of days to put it in the wash. It washed nicely from the outside but the inside was grossly stained and she was too embarrassed and grossed out to use it anymore . So....I bought a second one. Three stars only because it isn't stain resistant from spills. Otherwise, quality is nice. I wouldn't suggest it for younger kids lunches though since schools usually pile all of the classroom lunches together into a bin to carry to the lunchroom. It's too soft and would crush everything inside.
Their nice. Don't think they will stay together. Going to have to tape inside. Nice design.
I thought this product was great. I even ordered 3 sets of them (luckily a different brand) for family members for Christmas. This Home Kitchen Star product was great for 5 months until it just stopped working. Unfortunately the warranty was only good for 90 days.
the blades could be longer
This is my Christmas present from my kitty and being someone who delights in delayed gratification, I won't be opening it until she gets her gifts.
I do love this. However, it is cheap thin bamboo so it is slightly warped and both boxes are different. I like it and am not to upset because of the price. just wish it was a little better made and I would happily pay more for it
Bought these for my groomsmen. They are cool but two broke in less than 10 mins.
I received two "Pepper," so I had to take a Sharpie marker to one and make it a "Salt." Quality seems ok though.
Slides moves freely, no detent or holding mechanical means to keep it shut or open. Very tight fit, love the black seal, nice clear plastic
Works on 2nd or 3rd try with concentrated effort.
My only complaint is that the o rings need to be smaller, so they are snug. If you twist the cap snug the o ring pops out on the sides.
These seemed like a colorful and cheaper alternative to the manufacturers' leak-proof lids..... while they are colorful and cheaper, they often are NOT leak proof. Not really sure what else to say-- I installed the silicone rings the same time on each lid-- but some simply LEAK.
It was useless. It was not wide enough for the wide jar I needed to open. I wish they would have listed how wide it would open.
This is the easiest, friendliest Apple peeler I have ever used. But the plastic parts that take a lot of movement and tension are flimsy. This product probably will not last for long. I am keeping it because I enjoy using it. But I know it will not last long. They need to improve this product by making the parts that take tension thicker, or making them metal. It is sad that such a good design is made like this. I would pay more if it meant it will last as much as the other metallic ones.
I just received this product it was a quick delivery and very anxious to use it. as soon as opened the package I could see that the bottle was cracked 😭 and when I opened it, is wasn't even halfway full hmmm ☹️ very dissapointed 😩 for the price and the size of the container makes you think is at least more than half way full. Other than that the Product seems to be a good quality for coloring your sweets 🙂.
I've owned this a month or so. They are stainless steels, but they have started to rust. Completely unacceptable. They are a bit awkward in their dimensions, a bit bowl-like. In general they look attractive. But the steering rust- I don't know, maybe it's a reaction to dish detergent.
This bag is great. Lots of room for all my 'stuff'. However, 1 zipper clasp doesn't close the zipper.. Although the other clasp works I am wondering if this bag will last. Time will tell.
Its what it cost . Useful
Beautiful set but does not seal well at all!!
I have such mixed emotions about this product because we did love it for the short while we were able to use it! We owned ours for almost 4 months with little complaint other than it arrived with a small chip in the enamel near the lid. Then we go to use it and while it's heating - the enamel on the bottom bubbles and cracks off! I couldn't believe it. Will be spending the extra money for a better quality product.
I got caught up in the Ultra Pot craze. I bought this thing and made rice. Twice. Now it is in the cabinet with the slow cooker (which I have never used). It really didn't make rice cooking easier either.
little difficult to attach to can.
Didn't like from day recieved. Sturdy but low quality. Expected more than very thick glass.
I don't care for it simply because it vibrates too much.
I received my package but did NOT receive the recipe email. Please email me the recipes that are included in this package.
They were okay while they lasted but my kindergartner destroyed one in his backpack and the other didn't survive an accidental 3.5 foot drop.
They ended up being bigger than I expected and I have no use for them.
When I got these one of them was already scratched from another pan in the box. Nothing can touch the ceramic area unless its very soft. If you stack the pans, something has to be between them. If the lid slips while you are cooking, its going to scratch. Seriously, you have to baby these. But on the positive side, very easy clean up and nothing sticks to them. The are heavy and heat evenly. Just unfortunate the ceramic scratches so easily.
I bought this for my son in laws 40th Birthday. I am disappointed with it. Sorry. The glass is very thin, but was wrapped well. I think it will break easily. The engraving is too light, I can barely read it I'm afraid when he opens it at his party he won't be able to read it. I like the beer can style and the letters are nice. The engraving would be great with maybe some color.
Okay product, but handles came loose on some tools during first use, the tubular tools are very difficult to clean out, and some of the tools are not sharp at all
Don't remove the plastic colored piece from the lid or it won't reattach. Unfortunately my mother-in-law did just that when attempting to be helpful in the kitchen, and now the piece won't reattach fully. I fully regret paying extra for the colored lid. I thought it would be fun for my son since he loves blue and nice for if we got more to have different colors for the kids. Now I just feel angry every time I see it when making my son's lunch.
These are not great. I bought them so I could decrease waste and the first one I used broke. They don't easily go on square and rectangle sized dishes.
Really nice water bottle, it's well made and has a lovely design, however it had a mark right on Moana's face, like it was scratched or something, it is a 5 star product other than that damage who really disappointed me.
pricey for what they are. I mean c'mon.
Cheap looking handle, very uncomfortable in my hand and sharp edges near little finger. I didn't try to use it and returning it to Amazon.
Knob to close the box is very flimsy and cheap looking , I purchased this item for the bread.
I liked how it made the perfect circle, but that's it. It didn't plunge and had to twist it into the fondant for it to cut.
Is a nice product, but is not durable. I bought this a year ago and now it is stained.
Lovely idea. Came broken
Two of the large glasses were broken when I opened the box.
Nice for tea but seems a little cheap.
Ok but not really what I was looking for
It was not packaged properly and one of the pieces came broken.
Strong magnets. You'll need to order spice labels if you use Indian spices. One big problem is the wall mounting system. I needed to drill 2 holes and mount to cabinet as the sliding mount provided is not secure.
Good basic dishes. Some flaws in finish.
Cute as ever. But it leaks!!!! Don't put detergent in it.
Came apart but easy to reassemble
Actually it's hard to use.....
I've used these lunch boxes almost everyday for about 2 weeks now for my kids. They are convenient, large, easy to clean, but not completely leak proof. I think over the past 2 weeks, the middle of the lid has started to arch up. Not enough for food to flow between compartments, but enough for very liquidy contents (oil, water, juice) to get through. I'd recommend not putting very liquidy things in; if it's just everyday food, does good enough job keep everything in. Overall, quality is solid (except for the leak-proof claim) and still very useful for lunch.
Bottle is very light but it is too high to put in my bag.
Easy to use but you won't be able to get the huge cotton candy with this thing
I love how the tops of these containers are slightly raised to fit a bit more (larger) food. They are pretty leak proof from the container to outside the container. But the compartments will leak into each other. They do alright in the dishwasher. These containers ARE NOT DURABLE. I ordered them to use for my children's lunches and Monday of them did not last 4 months. I will not order again.
I've had these bags for a month now, and two of them no longer close. (I have only hand washed these bags. Have not used in dishwasher or anything.) Otherwise, these bags are great: durable, easy to clean, better for the environment than single use plastic bags. Disappointed about the closures though 😔
Small...food portions for a preschooler but it works
Seemed like a nice knife. Good weight and very sharp, but handle cracked after just one month of use, and we never put it in the dishwasher.
I really like this mug! My Pastor liked it, too, until she poured her coffee into it and it cracked and dumped hot coffee on her! I returned it and will buy another one, to see if it was just that one mug that had a defect.
This is a small manual grinder. It takes a while to grind a cup. I would prefer something sturdier.
Welp, I had the crock for 9 days. I went to make batch #2 sauerkraut. While loading the already smashed cabbage in with the tamper, I must have bumped it in the sweet spot with the tamper bc it bumped a hole right in the crock! :(
Top opening is small and hard to get your hand into to tighten the spout as required when it arrives new. This also makes it hard to clean, I have to "force" my hand in and out. The plastic seal on the top seems "cheap" dollar tree quality. This must be a change from the rubber seal???, in response to the problems of it not dispensing since no air could get in. Otherwise, I like it so far, does not leak and it's a great size "footprint".
It's not as quick as some said, it'll take at least 2 hrs and it's kind of small. I could only do steaks at a time, which for 4 people doesn't really work. Good for hamburger and smaller items.
Too big ordered wrong size
Though it cooks well cleaning is problematic and oils from food will cause it to smoke badly. Inside coding easily peals
Very nicely packed for shipment and product looks great generally. However I realised a crack line on one of the lid handle attachment screw hole and also another lid has a very ugly joint at the edge. I want to inform the seller directly but couldn't find an email or contact. Finally decided to post here.
The box is really small
they work for what I needed, but much less quantity than I expected
Like the mug, but the lettering kind of runs and smears.
I like some of the Utensils but they are odd shaped and not rounded enough for the spoon.
Definitely does what it's meant to. My biggest issue (and it really bugs me) is its not purple at all. Definitely hot pink. I really wanted purple.
i like the number of slots and the overall design (length and variety of knife slots a lot. but there isn't a slot for a sharpening steel AND scissors. and the sharpening steel slot is too small for my mac ceramic (so i keep my scissors in it). also, the wood is split along the back and two of the knife holes aren't fully carved out. with a slot for scissors, larger steel slot, and no defects, would be 5 stars. updating to 3 stars because i did use paypal to process a return and the new one i got did not have defects.
Filter is not 100% pure like Zero water filters.
I really hated using dish towels to dry things on the counter. I figured something like this would solve the problem. It sort of does, but it's not all that great. When placing a bowl or a glass face down the water drips down and creates an airtight gasket of water at the base of the glass. This prevents air flow from coming in which defeats the entire purpose of the mat. It works... But not that well. It takes a very long time for water to evaporate off this mat.
The product looks fabulous & feels solid with the exception of one which busted sometime during shipping. The risk when you buy glass. I'm actually surprised there was more bubble wrap outside the package rather than inside.
I opened the bag to change inserts and I only received 1 straw. Can the missing one be shipped?
It goes on and off is hard ti get it to work
It works well on soft veggies, but fails on hard veggies like sweet potatoes, carrots, beets and apples so far. If we were only grading on zucchini squash noodles, thin or wide, it gets 5 stars. I would call it a love hate relationship. Would choose a sturdier, more powerful unit if I decide to upgrade.
Not quite as durable as expected
Beautiful perfect cup for hot cocoa...except I saw this at Dollar store for $1 each the day after it arrived!
These are cheaper feeling compared to regular wine glasses. I would have paid more for nicer ones.
not as easy to use as I had hoped, but most of the features work ok
Worked great for a year, then just died. The kettle never rusted and heated quickly, but only lasted about 13 months
We are having some difficulty with the zipper, but other than that it is fine.
This machine is one of few that you can use a 20 oz Yeti type cups I use the 10 oz setting first the you can select the 6 oz button to finish filling the cup. IF IT LOOKS LIKE IT MAY OVERFILL YOU CAN PUSH THE BUTTON AGAIN TO STOP IT after a little practice you can get it perfect. Also it brews very hot. I would have given it 5 stars except the customer support is terrible as the attachment for using your own coffee grounds was not in the box, I was told it was Amazons fault and they also would not tell which after market k-baskets would work " DON'T EXPECT HELP FROM THEM"
These are not for slim cans. They fit regular size cans. We will still use them. The colors are bright.
These were nice but tangled very easy.
Maybe it's just me, I don't understand how to use these grease screens. I bought because I wanted to minimize mess, but you have to take the screen off to flip, stir, etc- and lay it on a surface, so it kind of defeats the purpose. This screen is fine and fits my large sauté pan. However it's not super easy to clean and is discolored and rusty after a few months of minimal use.
Disappointed in the sizes. I needed larger sizes for leftovers. My fault for not paying attention but the amount of small Tupperware is ridiculous to me especially for price
We like the bento box (and so do our kids!) But these broke the first time we used them. The lids are really hard to snap on, and two of the lids cracked the very first time we used them. It's hard for the kids to get off and on. They are durable and dishwasher safe, however, which is why I didn't give a lower rating.
I was excited and they seemed nice (though I meant to order something much smaller), but then I pulled the bottom container off and the edge was cracked and broken.
If you want to buy so buy it if no so not.
SO far these pans are okay. I have not used them much yet. What I have cooked has cooked quickly, and evenly, and easy to clean so 3 stars. The handles are to small, and difficult to grasp using a silicone high temp oven mit, and with the handles on the pots that is what would be safest to use (high temp silicone ones) the handles get very hot. The little mits that come with it are useless. I don't like the lids the tops are small, and was hard for me to grasp, and they will require tightening the screws often like most sets do annoying. Still a good value for the money, and if the price comes down more then it is now I will prob order another set. No they can't or should not be put in dishwasher, scrubby side of sponge may also scratch them, not for camp fires, plastic or metal will scratch them. Use high temp silicone or wood utensils for cooking.
The idea is good but these tips are very, very hard to use.
I recently purchased a Samsung Flex Duo electric range and I have an issue with getting the rack out of the top section of the oven. In the lower position the rack comes very close to the door when sliding it out. This item seemed like a good solution. I was disappointed to find that the hooks are too closely spaced to fit over the outside edge of the Samsung's grate. The item is not worth returning but if you're willing and able to clamp it up in a vise and start bending the jaws and file rough edges you can make it work for this purpose. The metal jaws are quite heavy gauge but with effort it can be de-burred with a file and the middle jaws bent inward to accommodate the thicker leading edge of the Samsung grate.
The cubes are perfect, but the spheres are a good bit smaller than the listing had led me to believe. Moreover, the sphere tray is miserable to fill.
Wire came loose and I had to repair it.
The only think I find wrong is it did not cook the yolk enough.
Package arrived and was damaged... more than likely crushed during shipping. Overall appears to be a decent product.
Really wanted to live the product. It is very difficult to be detailed with this item.
Worked well until it broke, the only issue is that you have to sit there and hold it above the wine and when you're serving a large party, that's not fun to do. Buying a glass decanter works just as well, but if you're drinking wine alone or with a partner I'd say this is a better option. I can notice the difference in the taste.
Quality seems to be okay with these "extra large" cupcake/muffin liners. Because they are made from recycled cardboard, the liners are light mottled brown in color and about as stiff as regular parchment paper. Although I bought them because they are made in Canada and are well reviewed, I would not purchase them again because they are too small for my jumbo size muffin pans. Contrary to what is stated in some of the question responses of the product's listing, these liners only measure 2" across at the base and are 2" tall. Listing them as extra tall regular size would be more accurate.
I bought this to use for sauces that require constant stirring to prevent burning, particularly milk-based sauces. Unfortunately, those all seem to be to thick to use this in. It gets mired in the sauces and quits moving around the pan. We've had great luck using it in thinner sauces, like au jus and a honey mustard sauce, so it did redeem itself a little.
Very nice looking, but large and somewhat heavy. It would probably be great somewhere it would get a lot of use.
The probe on the thermometer works great, but....the black holder (doesn't hold the thermometer in place) when not in use.
I liked that they hold a lot of salt, but they do not grind pepper easily. The adjustment button is awkward. The seal on the salt shaker started coming off within the first 10 uses. If you want a good quality set you're probably going to have to spend a little more.
Received my rugs today they're slightly thinner then I thought they would be, and the longer one is actually shorter then it's suppose to be.
Bought these to use in our bar and that night we broke the tops of at least 8 bottles. People thought the problem was that some of the bottles have twist off tops. I was really disappointed because it sure was an easier, quicker way to open bottles. I found if I pulled a little, rotated, and pulled a little more and rotated and pulled again, the top would come off without breaking the bottle. No longer a quick, easy way to open beer bottles.
Product does what it states but i think its to small for use in preparing a family sized salad. I also purchased plastic knife that keeps lettuce from browning. Using the plastic knife made it difficult to slice all the way thru. Using steel knife i was able to cut better. Recommend for younger cooks as it is safer for fingers.
When the package arrive the outer box was fine but the actual box itself has some bumps and wear already on the outer edge. This is also causing the picture to peel and fade already, but as it was a present shipped last minute I'll be gifting it anyway. The grinder also has the picture on the bottom not the top.
The smaller they get the more flimsy they get and they are super hard to close.
Box was beat up and had a hole in it and directions were tore in half. Disappointed, this was a gift!
Good material, stretches to fit more items than expected...but no internal lining to allow for waterproofing so any items that condense are not ideal for this bag.
I expect this works better for lids that have knob handles. For our lids that have "pull" handles, it is difficult to get the lids to sit centered on the rack. Also, our lids are too thick and so we can only use 4 of the slots. But it is still better than fishing around in the cabinets or under the oven for them. For us, it wasn't awful, and it wasn't great - therefore 3 stars.
These hooks are only copper plated.
I got this set as a gift from my brother in law earlier this year. It was my first set of Ceramic knife, so I didn't head the warning of how sharp the knifes were. After a few cuts, I definitely learned to treat Ceramic knives different than stainless steel knives. Also another lesson learned is, choose what you use the knife to cut- I was using the knife set to cut EVERYTHING. After chopping up cabbage, I realized a piece of the knife was chipped off and lost somewhere in my cabbage slaw! The reason why Im giving this product a 3 star is because since I chipped my first set, my brother in law sent me the same link he used (which was this product link). I bought a set, but to my disappointment, this new set was not as sharp as my previous set. The color was also different (pink). The one I had was much darker pink and now its very light colored. The fruit peeler didn't even peel the fruit skin. Instead, it was so dull that it took chunks off of the fruit. So I ordered ANOTHER set (set number 3) hoping it was just a manufactures defect. But the third set came in just the same as the second set. Lighter pink and duller knives. PLEASE go back to the knives you used to have! I miss the super sharp, easy to use ceramic knives!
It's OK. The medium setting sometimes goes to high. Need to keep your eye on the thing.
They are so cute but much harder to empty and clean than their round metal predecessors.
It's very hard to clean !!!!! When your rolling out the cookies it wrinkles up and moves around!
but the box shipped with the ketchup bottle lid missing. Plus the pictures show the tools hanging off a holder. The holder is NOT included
I returned without testing, because it had very small feed opening.
These are a little hard to manage. I love the idea, but they aren't really user friendly.
I was in love until I heated up a pack of instant rice for 90 seconds, put in back into my bag for less than a minute to carry it to my table and when I reopened it, the entire side had melted to the rice bag and tore a giant hole.
Pretty decent and sharp but the middle section gets stuck sometimes...kinda annoying
One of them doesn't really stay closed and one cracked within first use. We used another brand before this that lasted over two years. These are working, for now, but doubtful they will make it until the end of the school year.
So I just assumed that there would be “cup” measurements on these. I don't know if it was in the description or not but these are in fl oz and pints. Sigh. I'll still use them but definitely not helpful for those of us that didn't learn the metric system.
The magnets were all off in the box when I received it. The adhesive is holding on the wall so far so good.
It was disappointing that the full page inserts are larger (wider) than the tabs in the binder. The Tabs need to be wider so you can see them when using the full page inserts They are a great size to put in recipes you have printed out.
If the bottle has a tapered top, it seldom works. Works well with others.
Leaks around the lid.
It's will be perfect if is sharper and than this
Thought I had ordered the top part of body only, so I could place it on top of a dress cupcake frosting,. Oh well, I'll use it for something else.
The bowl itself is awesome. I've been wanting one for a long time. I love to eat sunflower seeds while playing Gin Rummy on my phone. The only problem is the bowl is so lightweight, when you put your phone on it, it flips over if you don't have something heavy inside of it. Sunflower seeds aren't heavy enough! So, I don't really use it unless it's propped up in my lap. For heavier snacks, I'm sure it's great!
The bottom part of the lids collects dirt around them if you don't wash it immediately. If you carry it around all day, or put food with any coloring (curry. etc.) the stain basically never come out and it looks dirty even though its clean. Very difficult to clean the rubber on the sides.
These are much flimsier than the original. Makes them harder to use. You get what you pay for! The good ones are cheaper at the fair.
I enjoy bringing this to work everyday, however, the lid does leak soup over. Not happy with the leaking but I'll just make sure not to ever let the soup fall on its side in my bag.
It's an awesome product and great for meal prepping. But not exactly super durable especially when you use it multiple times.
Good for juicing larger fruits but it is awkwardly large and not super easy to clean.
I would give this 3.5 stars as is. To be 5 star there needs to be some refinement. Velcro straps do the job but they can slip. A small ratcheting or tension clasp could help that. Also, being cloth, the straps can get saturated which can stretch and retain odors. Rubberized straps instead could help that. For the price, I'm happy with them. Definately can be improved though in my opinion.
Worked well with k-cups but not loose bustelo coffee. The grinds went right into the cup. But because of the way it cut the k-cup, it not able to use reusable ones. I exchanged for a coffee maker that used both reusable and disposable k-cups.
I love the product except for one thing, like sizes don't stack. Love the largest one for sugar and flour.
The handles are carved unlike the product picture above, haven't received eBook (email sent PDF), and it was poorly packaged though any damage wasn't found.
I like that I was able to get so many for the price! But these are the flimsy plastic cups. Although they got the job done for what I needed them for I would have liked the plastic to be a little thicker for the girls to be able to use them longer. Also 7 of them came really scratched up but I expected that from previous reviews.
Not very impressed- especially being an UA product. I fill it with ice and within 30 minutes it's pretty much melted.
The blending power is fine. However, it is not easy to clean at all. It cuts me lol.
Gander is hot to hold.
The lid seeps. It doesn't have a good seal.
The product itself was nice, however the string was missing.
Look nothing like picture. But it's good quality
After some use, the tops get difficult to turn. The magnets on them are also very weak
The probe will not stay open when piercing meat, so I have to hold it straight with one hand. Otherwise it is okay.
Light went out after about 3 mo now some time it works and some time it don't. this started a few days ago.
They are long handled spoons as shown. The metal quality is fair, these will easily bend with any pressure.
Haven't used yet, and it appears okay... one dinner fork was obviously packed with a bent tine that poked through the shipping box. I don't want to return the set, just want a replacement dinner fork... can't figure out how to request that?
Sometimes after The bottle of wine since, I will go to open it and vacuum seal is not there anymore
The bags are a great size and function well. If you can store them upright in a freezer, rather than laying them flat you'll be better off. I found out the hard way that they leak even when triple checking that they are sealed tight. The straws are perfect size and the funnel definitely comes in handy when transferring "juice" into the pouches. I will order again but just being mindful to store them upright.
they were great, we've had them for a month now, with a couple of uses and now they strated bleeding the ink. I dont know what kind of material is, but my girl likes them so I guess I will wash all the ink away and keep using them.
Disappointed because the oil is not a mist. It is a stream.
The set looks amazing. However, It came with the black chopstick holder missing.
These are great measuring utensils but the magnets do not really hold them together in a stack. Since that was the whole reason I purchased... 3 stars.
I had purchased a different one but it was too large. Ordered this one, and the metal is so thin it bends every time you ou a dish on it.
Not satisfied with results but there is no problem with the material
I like it but it's something that you buy in the 99 Cents store.
Ordered two. One set was broken when it arrived
I ordered second time as there was one chick missing first time..Even second order it was not the same as shown in pic with 3 chicks, It has only 2 chicks
The design on these is created by some sort of plastic film, which completely negates the absorbancy of the sandstone underneath. I kept them though, because they are really pretty and the price was right.
great size and the lids screw on and off nicely only thing is they dent very easy
Bulkier then anticipated...doesnt really shave ice...chops it up
Blew up good and looked good BUT they didnt send me a o, I just used a heart instead.. (Not set up just showing what letters they sent)
It is strong, a little heavy to hold and hard to squeeze. I wish it is lighter and easier to squeeze. For the price, it is not bad. The only reason I bought it. The size is perfect. Smaller than others, but it is the size what I am looking for.
Decent value for a set. The cups are not bad. But the pot is tiny and pretty poorly crafted. I ended up buying a bigger nicer pot.
Not as good as I expected
I really love this bottle but after two days of using, it is already broken. So sad about it.
I wish it was a bigger bag like my last one. And that it had a longer handle to put over your shoulder.
Good quality, but there are only 3 containers- not 6 as listed in the title of the product.
These don't last very long, maybe 10 months before the little motor gives out.
It grinds beans, no problem. There is little to no difference between grind sizes after turning the dial on the side. Not a huge deal if it grinds the size you need but if you enjoy French Press, drip and percolator - this is not the grinder for you.
The bottle is beautiful and a great size. The handle makes it nice walking from meeting to meeting. The straw cap is horrible. The straw connector is flimsy and it makes a lot of noise when drinking out of it. I was hoping to find a flip cap to replace it, but can't find it in this color.
The containers have to snap in four places to close making opening and closing inconvenient. They are pretty small compared to what they look like online, cannot fit a bag of flour etc....I ended up putting pasta noodles and candy in mine as they didn't hold what I though they might. The labels and chalk pen work great and are really cute though
Product worked great for 3 times then the coating started to come off in the center.Used all nonstick surface safe utensils. Returning this one and will try another.
a friend of mine recommended I buy a food saver since I live alone and often have left overs. I used for the first time to package individual chicken breasts it was so user friendly and worked with out a hitch. After using it for a few times it does not suck and seal as well as it once did. I plan on calling the manufacturer soon to see if maybe it is defective. Overall, I would still buy it!
I was disappointed with these bags. The slide doesn't go on easy, you have to line it up well but it's still very difficult to close the last inch. If you don't close all the way the contents will dry up (as in the cheese I stored in this). They are sturdy bags but they really attract dirt and hair. I don't use them much and would instead recommend a Tupperware type container.
I just received these wine glasses and was disappointed when I opened the box. Given Amazon's usually great value on its "Basics" line, I thought I'd be getting higher quality glasses with a more aesthetic design and thinner glass.... similar to a Riedel glass, but at a much better price point. In reality, these are average quality, consumer-grade wine glasses made with fairly thick glass that most serious wine drinkers do not desire. Given the Cyber Monday price of $15 for four glasses, I won't send them back since they are technically not defective. In terms of relative value, I have found MUCH higher quality glasses at Costco at a better price point -- ones that I am comfortable using on an everyday basis, but not embarrassed to use when pouring excellent wines for friends/family.
I bought these for a dessert bar I was putting together. I was making champagne jello shots and thought these would make a nice presentation. Unfortunately as I was filling them with the jello, about 10 of the 30 flutes started leaking and I had to throw them out. What a disappointment!
Nice but the suction cups don't stick to anything - the included 2 over the sink hooks make it work.
Works as advertised AFTER it preheats.
It does the job but is not the best mad. It's a bit lopsided...
These are great but two of them arrived broken ☹️
Are smaller then I expected and stained first time used
It was ripped at the seam when it was received .. had to use duct tape
Numbers on the nobs wiped off the first day.
I wouldn't say it works as fast as said to, but does reduce the defrost time at least in half.
I returned it before use. For what I needed I needed electrical not hand pull. Otherwise I'm sure it would have done fine.
I really loved it for the almost 2months I had it, but today it tipped on my work mat, it wasn't even hard floor and it cracked, I'm going to see if I can get it exchanged because i was just going to order the filter bags, water tastes different right away, and I take it everywhere with me. 🙁 not happy it cracked. Revised review When I posted the review they sent me an email apologizing it broke so easily and went ahead and sent me another bottle at no cost to me, which I love it, taste of water is great, I carry it everywhere, but once again it broke just from tipping on my counter this time 🙁 not happy that within 4 months 2 of them have broke on me, I would love to see it with better quality glass, since it only tips and it breaks! So I went ahead and gave them 3 stars just because it breaks easily, even though they were very fast on reaching out to me and getting me a new one last time.
Was disappointed in the quality of this item. Was a cheap plastic. If I had know it was plastic I would not have purchased at the price listed.
I had one of these EXACT spinners and I sold it in a garage sale thinking I wanted the fancy schmancy clear one with a bowl on the bottom and a push button on top!!! NO WAY! I love this design SO MUCH BETTER. So I found ANOTHER one and ordered it, but the colander basket inside is WAY flimsier than the one I had. I can see that it won't last long. But other than that. I'm happy I have this one. I love that it drains out of the bottom instead of collecting in a closed bowl. And easy peasy to clean.
Works as advertised, water has a mild orange taste, like the old baby aspirins. Problem is the cup is tiny. You pretty much need to keep a bigger glass or a pitcher and refill this cup after every drink.
The area that you put soap in is pretty inconvenient. Having it in the middle of the handle makes you accidentally push out soap, the flap gets caught on dishes so it open up and spills soap. An opening at the end of the handle would have been better. However it has nice bristles and doesn't get stinky after a couple months of use which is a plus
Parchment paper is good quality but the box it came in is very flimsy and thin. I had to switch paper roll to a sturdier box that was stronger and had a better cutter. For this reason I don't think I would order it again.
This set is top heavy. The lucite holder is a nuisance to keep clean.
This gadget is good for stripping rosemary, but chews up basil in a very sloppy way. I suspect it works best with woody stemmed herbs.
Did not cause plastics to join. Not as advertised
The boxes are ok although they do break easily
I didn't like how awkward it was to use.
I'm on my 3rd one in a year but amazon gave it to me free
I like the cup and how it flips open so easily with pushing the button but incredibly THIN metal but it works for now.
Doesn't fit large mason or ball jars wish they had larger one
While the pattern and design of the coaster is beautiful and exactly as seen in the product description, I was a bit disappointed that they were just a bit smaller than I expected.
Very Powerful! I was looking for a mixer to replace our decades old hand mixer with only beaters, no other accessories. I settled on this one after reading all of the positive reviews, as well as the fact that all of the accessories and power cord store within the handy snap on case. It is easy to store, for sure. I love the silicone covered beaters, that is a plus. Here's my dislike: this little hand mixer is SO POWERFUL, even on low, that when I used it to whip mashed potatoes, I had potatoes all over my kitchen! I generally whip them in the SS pan they cooked in because it's still hot and melts the butter. Because there are just two of us, I only used a small pan (which I've always used with my old Sunbeam mixer) - it wasn't pretty. This photo showing the mixer with this bowl of whatever it is, that stuff will be all over the place! I have tried several times now. I just wish I didn't give my old mixer away.
My rating is based on just one thing and that is the hinge. Mine did not work properly and as time went on (just over a month) you could not open it. In a fit of rage, I ripped it in half like The Hulk throwing a tantrum. A foolish childish move that cost me $90 to vent. I'm just tired of products not performing ad it always seems to be me that gets "that one"
Wish it were deeper.....have a hard time getting oil over top of the food.
Was smaller than I thought, but we used it.
The fabric and cords seem durable, but larger gauge netting than I expected and the cords are super thick and heavy. I was expecting something lighter weight, which is ideal since I walk everywhere and carry my groceries back from the store.
Good product, but doesn't seal well.
The straws themselves work great. However, I purchased this particular product because it came with a cute bamboo carry case. In the picture online, it shows the cleaning tool fitting inside the straw and then inside the carry case. The cleaning tool is too long to fit inside carry case and the caps of the carry case are loose and fall off inside a purse or bag. I had to buy an additional carry case to hold my straw and cleaning tool so they didn't get dirty inside my purse. Disappointing...
These are really pretty and well-packaged, it would make a great gift. I've tried a lot of the tips, (with different thicknesses of icing) with mixed results. The flat tips seem to work as expected but you need to get the hang of getting the flower to release from the tip. The ball-top tips... I just can't get them to work.
Not sure if all of the information on these cards are accurate, and some of the foods I use on my keto not listed, like cauliflower or brussel sprouts to mention a few.
Not good. They ripped on the side from a corner of a cereal box poking at it. I would not buy again
Much smaller than the last one we purchased a few years back and lid in a little ill fitting but does the job.
I like the idea of silicone and glass on the bottom. It's especially nice to be able to cut your cake without the risk of removing the bottom. The silicone unfortunately ripped and got stuck to the glass on the bottom the first time I tried to use it so the seal is no longer functional, but Amazon provided a full refund and I didn't even need to return it so great customer service and it didn't inconvenience me. If that didn't happen to the pan, it would have worked perfectly.
Ordered this toaster in March of 2018. It is now August 2019 (now out of warranty) and it no longer toasts on one side. We need to flip the toast to get both sides evenly toasted. Got about 15 months of use from it.
Lid does not seal well wants to fall off when pouring
Grinds food well. Liquid does leak out bottom while grinding. Overall happy with it. Easy to use.
not exactly what I was looking for but Costway made me a deal I couldn't refuse
I wish the corners had metal protectors because the corners wear out.
It is very difficult to use, you don't get the round shape everytime
I must be an idiot. Never Buy Again. Not ok.
These work great, we used them to keep the plants alive during vacation. But they're really ugly. I can't imagine using them for anything other than out of town.
This tea steppers work just fine.
I have used this product for a month it started working properly then temperature started all over the place its not reliable, I don't know if this is still in warranty if it is and get a replacement. I would give it five stars if it was more accurate.
I saw the same quality at the dollar store for a buck
Gentle hand wash only, my mom put them in the machine and the color comes off of some of them
I just purchased these yesterday and the containers have already cracked on the sides. The tops are difficult to push down and get a good seal. If you are looking for something more sturdy, I would look elsewhere.
I bought these for a Royal Wedding party. Pretty rubbish! you get what you pay for.
The Thermos works excellent, however the one I purchased came with the wrong size lid.
I got this for my 5 yr old daughter because I thought it would be easier to open for her lunch but it's even a little difficult for me to close. You have to mess with it a little but overall it ok
Water splashed out if filled to maximum
The frames were actually pretty decent... the packaging though.... AWFUL! I cut open the little bag they were in and the box the frames were in was ripped in so many places and they just fell out all over my floor. I honestly wouldn't recommend this to anyone I know
It was great but mine came out of the box with some dings along the rim of the bowl
Wish they were a bit thicker but not bad
Slightly smaller than expected, but it does the job.
They are okay, but could be a larger clip. Seems rather small.
This case is really cute, but it gets dirty super fast and the wallet section is stretched out easily. I wasn't impressed.
A little small for a placemat and more of an orange-pink than baby pink.
The fryer has been simplified over the years, cheapened to. Used to be digital interface, now analog dial, no timer. I'm fine with that. I had a problem with the unit leaking oil at the drain valve connection to the reservoir tank. Delonghi is replacing the entire unit. The basket is flimsy looking, and everything seems to be a slightly thinner gauge metal. Hope the replacement gets here soon, I need some wings!
Works good but prefer my silicone bowl based on more kernels pop. The popcorn bottle necks in this one and starts to burn. Portion size is smaller too.
These are great for washing dishes but they do not stand up for very long. I think the suction cup is just too small. Be prepared for it to fall crashing into the sink in the middle of the night!
It looks ok but does not put out much air. Cheaply made to. I did not return it but I'm sure it will not last very long.
Very sturdy. But the black is painted on and is starting to flake off. For me the large fork and knife are the most functional. The small spoon and fork are great for my 10 year old daughter. The large spoon is good for a serving spoon. Over all it is not a real set that is completely functional.
This is a compromise between a 1 star and a 5 star. I purchased my first one in December. I instantly LOVED it for making Bullet Proof Coffee. Loved it so much that I ordered a second. My original mug (black) keeps on stirring like a champ. I took it to work and use it every morning. I clean by putting boiling hot water & a drop of soap and letting it stir the soap around. The I wipe down the inside & rim with a paper towel, rinse, and dry. It gets a 5 star review. My second mug (blue) I ordered in January. It is at home so only used on the weekends. It has been less than a champ and ended up being tossed in the garbage. Despite cleaning them the same (and my black one being cleaned way more frequently than the blue one) the blue one would always leave wet rings even after being hand dried. As I investigated the rubber bottom was not water tight and the chrome ring around the bottom was not attached. This means that when I dumped the contents of the cup, the liquid would run down the side, under the chrome, and into the battery/ motor compartment. I dried the compartment out, put new batteries in and it worked for about 1 day and then died. New batteries. Still dead. Flustered I tossed it. I think these are hit & miss. I will go back to using my frother at home on the weekends.
The product is very easy to clean. It is, hands down, the cleanest deep fryer we've ever owned. We primarily use it for buffalo wings. The biggest drawbacks are that the temperature drops when you drop a basket of wings and never catches back up and the basket sticks badly. For the price and the T-Fal brand name, we feel those two drawbacks are unacceptable. It gets 3 stars for cleanliness and oil filtration/reuse.
I really don't care for this as much as my other items ordered. It just doesn't stand out as much as a adhesive should.
The top handle started tearing after only 3 uses. After the 4th use it's barely holding on.
Good for the price but the package came broke
It does what I want it to do and works well! downfall you have to take the whole thing apart to put batteries in it and it is definitely not sturdy, but I got what I paid for!
There were no instructions worth anything in the box and I can find nothing on line. No idea how to set it up ! Waste of time and money !!
Bought as a gift but kept them myself as they were scratched up especially the smallest one. They look used. Really odd quality.
This is an easy to use rice cooker that is the right size for 2 people. The rice comes out great BUT it takes a long time so if we don't turn on the rice cooker immediately when starting to prepare the meal, we end up waiting for the rice or skipping it altogether.
UPDATE: Had an issue with warping the first time I used it above 350. Seems to be fine at temps 300 and below. This baking sheet and rack set is perfect. Made of quality stainless steel and definitely does the job. I'm really happy with this purchase.
Had high expectations for this item, but in the end it did not work for us. We used this for our son who was going to preschool. They needed to bring their own lunches, so we thought this was going to be awesome. Unfortunately it didn't turn out that way. It's well built and solid in construction, but I believe that is what contributes to the weight of this product. When putting this in his backpack, it was so heavy, it would cause him to fall backwards. It was also difficult for him to open and close the latches. The storage capacity is also not that great. Even when filled to capacity it was not enough food to fill him up. We ended up using this a handful of times and now it sits collecting dust. Great idea, but definitely room for improvement.
It's Rubbermaid so good quality. **be aware the value is not as good as it looks unless you want 75% of the small and very small side dish and sauce containers***
Beautiful flatware but be extra diligent about cleaning off dairy residue. Wash immediately after using to make sure it doesn't leave a stain/scratch. Had the hardest time getting sour cream and cheese off of these. I have to handwash and then put them in the dishwasher if any dairy leaves a stain. I really wanted to give 5 stars but they have to be scrubbed well to get stains that my previous Oneida set would have no problems of just being rinsed and put in dishwasher.
These are ok but the advertising picture is misleading should have known. These ice skulls melt pretty fast losing any skull characteristics as one one figure. Their also kinda small so someone needs to make these large enough so all you would have to do is just add one instead of ten or so.. say a 4in by 5 in approx would be nice
Make sure you tape it or it will collapse
So far so good.. we melted chocolate and peanut butter to make peanut butter cups. . Bit smaller then i expected but works all the same
Returned item due to the holes in the grater were not big enough for my use.
Can't blame the product, but it doesn't fit my stove top pot. The ad DOES SAY to only buy this for the electric pots, but I listened to the one review that said its a snug fit but works on the stove top pot. WRONG! It's not a snug fit because it won't even go over the tube at all. Its a great quality spring though. I just wish they'd offer one for my type of pot.
Takes up a lot of room in fridge.
Froth made quickly using cold or warm half and half. No place to store both mixers in handle.
Not the best quality. Arrived today and bottom part already doesn't have tiny parts of paint and even ceramic. But it's hand-painted, not difficult to understand. Hopefully the main problems located on the bottom and it's still possible to use.
Super nice squeezy water bottle that looks like it will last a long time. My only complaint is that the logo began rubbing off on the first day. 2 weeks later the logo is smudgy & unrecognizable.
Not as powerful as I hoped. Handle comes off when lifting up. I had made modifications and kept it but I wouldn't buy again.
great while it lasted but it only worked for 6 months
Doing the initial sealing (bottom seal) of the bags works fine in my Foodsaver. But with the Vacuum & Seal function, the seal does not hold vacuum and the bag comes open. Has done this every time I sealed a bag, regardless of size or contents. Here's a hack if that happens to you. Immediately after the Vacuum & Seal process is done, hit the Seal button to give it an extra heat seal. Then open the machine and the bag should be sealed and airtight. I'll probably spend the extra $$ next time and get the OEM Foodsaver bags. Until then, these will do in a pinch.
Suction cup had 2 obvious defects in the edges and it wouldn't stick to anything. The little towel isn't very useful. I have plenty that are larger. The scraper and the scrubber worked fine, though. I have no idea how to access the advertised eBook. I received no link.
So...this is the cutest ever. But if you are a serious cook and need to get your fingers in there for a pinch of salt, the opening is just a bit too small. Sadly, returned...
My entire kitchen theme is based around mason jars so I was thrilled to find these. When they arrived I found that come in 2 pieces, the lid and the spout. While the work as designed, not being 1 solid piece is a disadvantage. If they are not perfectly put together oils can make its way through the cracks. If you don't use that particular bottle very often it's fine but if you use say olive oil everyday like I do it gets annoying. They'll work for now but I'll be watching for something better.
I make tea every day, twice a day. after about a couple week, the lid broke.
It was ok, but sometimes hard to get the fruit out
The metal cup lid broke after a month so now I have a ...pitcher I can blend in and then poor into a cup :-(
Nice bags, slightly expensive
Nice shape and quality I guess , but the writing is very pale in comparison to the picture like barely can see it pale.
Upon first use with warm water it shrank up and contorted. Didn't lay flat. Concept is good. Product itself, just okay. Need to hold it with one hand and clean your makeup brushes on it with the other.
Sorry, its very hard to clean
it's not leak proof. I did not expect it to be, to be honest, since its lid is not the snap seal type. Cheap product, does the job, I am not too unhappy. don't about durability. Maybe I will post about it later.
strings loose, not very sturdy, don't see it lasting very long
This had next day shipping so I ordered this for New Year's Eve party. I really didn't read the reviews because I figured "how bad could they be". Well, some didn't pop and some took a lot of extra energy to get them to pop. Kids were vey disappointed with these. I would no purchase them again.
If you want a super large spatula, this is for you.
The chopper isnt half bad and the spice grinder works for most things i try, but the smoothie cup and blade doesn't crush ice, which to me seems like the main function. So if that is what is drawing you to this product, i would not recommend.
It's cute and it wasn't broken at least It wasn't packaged the greatest to be honest.. One of my mugs had a scratch on the side and the other a scruff that didn't want to come off. I had to wash them 3 times to get the marks off.
Lids very difficult to open and close.
I was okay for my need
Strong magnets perfect for the fridge or any metal surface. Only down side is they break And chip very easily. I've had them for a week and already 4 of 30 have broken.
It was smaller than I expected
Decent quality arrived fast
not a good rug to light it lifts on the corners and trips you
Works great. Seems cheap though and I don't think it'll last.
The cup is of good quality but the lid needs a little improvement. The rubber part falls out easily when trying to open the lid. Also, the part of the lid that shuts the opening for drinking closes too tightly, it's hard to open.
this thermos has many parts to clean, there are three pieces of rubber to remove and clean and three pieces that make up the lid to put back together. waste of time. if you don't clean them properly and drink coffee from it daily it is bound to start smelling, yuck!! looking another with less parts
It was okay, nothing spectacular. Good quality.
Much smaller than I thought the picture shows five small pancakes but only makes one medium sized one
I haven't used these yet but they feel really flimsy, so I am not sure how they will be. they are not what I thought they would be, but you know what they say, you get what you pay for. good luck
Disappointed when I opened and saw that you can only use one prong at a time. I was expecting to be able to use both....for internal and external temperature readings. Other then that, I would recommend for the money.
Nice but lightweight tumblers. They don't gain substance until liquid is in them. One tumbler was pitted and this one I won't use.
they do there job but after only a week the zip torn off the bag, it came with several do becareful and im on my 2nd new smell proof bag and it also torn from the seal
Works very well, but smaller than expected as store bought dough makes a larger pizza crust.
Item arrive with China post mark - not happy about that, emailed seller due to lenght of time for item to arrive (4 weeks) - I asked seller if item from U.S. - seller would not validate. Item packaging smashed - 2 of the stamps are broken. Buy USA!
The cover is quite large for my Artisan model! Looks sloppy
Smaller than i had hoped for
after one months its stop working
As per Americas Test Kitchen has discovered after recommending them, after a couple months the surface bows and when you place oil in it, it runs right to the outer edge. Non stick is excellent after a lot of uses but not a repeat purchase (even though I had bought three in different sizes after my first month!)
You get what you pay for it's not a bad product I like to use it since my son hates crust but it some times takes to much off. I get most bread or a perfect square... but still
I like the glasses overall but, all the large tumblers were broken due to poor packaging. Some on literally put the box of heavy glasses inside another box. That was it, no bubble wrap, no nothing. Pretty ridiculous. Had to return them.
Lights are beautiful, but if it breaks, the customer service is terrible. In fact customer service is non-existing.
Pretty from a distance. There are several bubbles in the glass, but I am sure a cake would cover those. Also, the stand is glued on to the plate and mine wasn't exactly centered. It is still usable though. It came in a Walmart box instead of an Amazon one which got me to thinking I should've looked there first. Sure enough, they are being sold on the WM sight for $23. Oh well...
I found this item to be frustrating as a cutter. It does not havea sharp cutting edge so it leaves little frayed ends that have to be removed with a sharp knife. It was nice as a guide, but I still ended up cutting every piece. I was disappointed with it, but it was still helpful as a guide or would be great for embossing.
Have not used them long enough to know how well they will actually hold up. They appear to be a good quality product,
Just received the coffee maker. Looks nice. Packaged well, just disappointed in how long it took to get here when we pay for prime membership.
Can't remove the lid when it is under pressure (whether you use the pressure cook option or not) leading you to have to bleed the pressure every time you want to check your food. I understand this seems like a "duh" thing, but when I'm just trying to boil rice or beans, it takes about 2-4 minutes pending on how hot it gets to bleed the pressure. And since I insert several ingredients at intervals, this means I have to dedicate approximately 10 minutes just bleeding the device. It makes me wonder what would happen if something happens and you have to get inside immediately? Otherwise, it works well.
I like the style, but very small size hole.
I liked the design but it started falling apart in the first 2 weeks. The seams on the handle are already coming loose. I hope the rest of it lasts longer.
I am disappointed. Quality is not what it used to be.
I don't have space in my freezer for larger, longer ice cube trays. This is nice in that it doesn't take up a lot of room. Somewhat tricky to fill, and sometimes difficult to remove the cubes.
Great price but too many holes in the filter. I have been trying to use them but not working out. The paper filter keeps falling inside of the filter and coffee gets into the pot. Went back to the old style of filters. will keep for a spare filter.
The actual print of the crosses isn't as bright as in the photos. Forks itself are okay.
This is the perfect substitute for disposable ziplocks. Only downfall is that one of the sealing compartments completely detached from one side, making it useless now. Out of 8, 1 came appart. That's my only complaint.
The quality of the cards is excellent. Very festive- had an issue with the answer on the first question. We all believe that the answer card was incorrect. Will probably stick with making my own trivia in the future.
They are thinner than the last mats and I don;t think they will last but they work well.
This is ok. Cumbersome and bulky and the little pegs are hard to insert. I thought this would be easier and quicker to use than my air dryer for corn but that turns out to be a better choice for me. I only recommend this if you have nothing else.
I admit that I ordered this glass fairly quickly and somehow missed the fact that I was buying just one glass for $15. My wife and I are celebrating our 50th wedding anniversary in a couple of days. I assumed (and you know what happens when one does that) that at this price point that I was getting a pair of glasses with which we could toast our success. Oh well............
They feel study, 2 stars for versatility because the tops do not secure well. Wouldn't trust them to hold any liquid.
Let me start by saying every single thing I made was dense, not like you want most bread to be. I really was looking forward to this machine. I have had it for a few weeks now and tried pizza dough on the dough setting (turned out pretty good). But French bread on dough setting was lumpy. Tried the knead setting after and that didn't help. I also tried a regular white sandwich loaf. Very dense just like all the other bread. This was was made completely in the machine. Now it could have just been these recipes (they are bread machine recipes though). I will keep playing with it and will update if things improve. I should mention the that non-stick is fantastic. Even the most sticky dough came out easily. Baked loaves released instantly. Anything left on it after making dough or baking also came off super easy without any need to scrub. Love the ease of cleaning!
Nice thermos, however I didn't know b4 purchasing that there was not drink spout or hole to drink from on top. I got it for my wife to drink her coffee on her way to work but she can't sip on the go from this. Now it's going to collect dust.
Beautiful, which is why i purchased this item. I've only hand rinsed it and avoided it being put in dishwasher. Unfortunately, some of the decorative pieces are pulling away from the glass only after a few uses.
Most everything was fine and is sized for a 6 qt pot. The egg bites mold is ridiculously small. As in, it would fit a 3 qt. I thankfully already have a larger one that actually fits a 6 qt.
The spout doesn't pour very directly (bit of water comes out from other side), but all in all, still decent - especially considering the low price!
I did not like that you only receive one glove. What are you supposed to do when you are lifting a 9 x 13 pan with one hand. Price was too much for just one glove. I returned them.
Great and easy to use... however, my frame came slightly bent and it just rests lopsided a little bit. Still works, though... it just looks a little bit wrong.
plastic was pretty cheap and torn easy
Use is a bit of a challenge for me. I probably filled it too full. I suspect I did not sharpen my knife adequately. Any number of reasons - maybe even not turning the vegetables properly - not as easy as pictured, for me. I think with very simple ingredients and a very, very sharp knife, it could work fine.
These tumblers were nice but two of my lids were cracked when I received them. I didn't have time to return them because I needed them for a girl's trip.
Even Oxo is allowed some play time. If you need ice cubes buy them by the bag, or get the traditional trays.
I only got 2 bags not 3. Haven't wash yet. Do like product.
Not sure if damaged or manufacturing issues, but part of the lip is curled up, there is some minor pitting, and both sides are dented inward (so the long sides of a loaf would end up slightly concave). There is no sign of damage to the shipping box, and it looks like the nonstick coating (which feels great) was applied after the damage, not to mention it's extremely sturdy and would be difficult to bend, so it must have happened during manufacturing. Other than that, this is exactly what I was looking for, hard to find a pan this size.
The design is pretty awesome, so glad this exists! Right off the bat, I really like that there's a safety lock so that you can control if it opens. It's comfortable and the cutting board on the other side of the knife makes cleaning so much easier than usual, which is a huge plus for me. The only things are that it says it opens wide for cutting larger foods and I haven't figured out how to do that, and the cutting board is supposedly removable but I haven't figured out how to do that either. It's also supposed to unhinge, but I haven't tried. However, I was looking forward to this being a cross between a kitchen knife and kitchen scissors - it is definitely not useful as kitchen scissors. I tried to cut open a plastic sauce pouch and it wouldn't cut, so I had to go grab real scissors instead. Disappointed about that!
Too expensive. A regular size sandwich wont fit in this size/opening is small and tigh. Ordered two of them and they arrived with imperfections. Won't recommend buying this item on Amazon.
I have mixed feelings about this product. The water doesn't heat up enough, so it doesn't stay warm for long; the machine drips a lot; the water reservoir is too small and only fills the smallest cup, and the water takes a long time to heat up. The machine is nice and small, and the coffee tastes pretty good. Considering all the negatives, I think it's overpriced.
It's ok.. it keeps it luke warm.
The lids are really tricky to screw back on. They work well for beans and cereal and such however, the lids don't crew on and off in a smooth manner. Somewhat disappointed with the jars because of this fact.
I really like the Corelle dishes but in less than 2 months I have chips in 2 bowls already. They don't seem as durable as the plates. Older style plates I have from Corelle seem thicker and more resistant to chips.
These Champagne flutes are okay and they have a pretty shape. However, they are very light, which doesn't feel like quality and there are air bubbles in the glass, which definitely makes it low quality.
Its copper and It tarnishes. That's cool. The lids are absolutely terrible. The threads on the lid are so gritty and tend towards cross threading that I normally just use this as a copper cup with no lid.
I ordered the 8 cavity ice cube tray and only received the 6. Other than that I really like them.
It's a great size and i love that it's clear but the sticker they put on the side of the carrier leaves a nice adhesive. I needed to buy goo gone just to get it off.
The $9 cardboard prop was sent with signature required agent must be present which is extremely inconvenient for me so I will not be ordering from this seller again. If you are always home and available to sign then you will be pleased with the product.
Bought after seeing some videos of its use. Tightened onto the torch, but after about seven or eight minutes the heat led to the attachment falling off. The process was painfully slow. Would recommend using either a cast iron on a burner or charcoal chimney instead for searing. Continued the sear using just the torch which worked quicker and seemingly more effectively. Will be requesting a refund.
I liked the size and versatility but there were two issues that I really didn't like. First, after about 5 uses, it still smells like burnt plastic when in use and the second is that it is tricky to latch closed. I am not sure whether this is something in general or if it's standard with air fryers but I am contacting the company to find out what I need to do to remedy the situation or it goes back. Tried to reach the manufacturer for product information and there is no customer service to reach. Went to their suggested Facebook site and I was the ONLY one that had left a comment. Not helpful about their product and Amazon technical product support was NO help!
Then bend a little but worked just fine
I own a sweets business and thought I'd try these because of the price. They are WAY too slippery to fill full of frosting and pipe. Your hands just slide right up them instead of piping cupcakes. I had to find an old piping bag and put these inside of it so I could get a grip. These work good for small amount of royal icing and for candy melts but don't work for frosting more than 5 cupcakes at a time.
Eggs stick to the product and sometimes leak out the bottom.
The vacuum pump is a total joke yet it was one of the main reasons I went for this model :( It is really messy as it also manages to pull out liquid through the seal when your pumping the air out AND it stopped working within a week of purchase as I am assuming the liquid got inside it. It's really unclear how to clean the pump and it is definitely not well sealed while it clearly needs to be if it pulls out the liquid out of the tumbler along with the air. Fail 🤷🏻‍♂️
The pan doesn't sit flat but it works
These made gummies okay but muffins wouldn't pop out that cleanly.
The only change I would make, is the lid and silicone form should be threaded. Water gets under the clear inner bucket, which bulges the bucket. Just a thought.
Not complete information given on website. This diner set is not microwave safe.
It did not forewarn to lower the temperature. I burned a couple of sandwiches with on it before I knew
It is too sharp but its haft was been flaky after just a month.
This is exactly as shown in the picture and a good quality product, but it is muxh smaller than I thought. You can use it as a table top dispenser
One thing I did not like is that the funnel and coffee maker top was not big enough to accomodate a full pot of coffee. When you want to make more than 2 cups of coffee you have to measure the hot water before pouring. If the top were a #6 filter size you could pour to the top and have the correct amount of water without measuring every time. Also the top edge of the carafe is very fragile. I broke the first carafe washing it right after I got it.
Not impressed. Worked great for a complete set of batteries. Soon after putting in fresh new batteries, it runs great but no longer cuts the can top, just makes a shallow marks on it. So, one set of batteries, then throw it away and get another, if you want.
the good...the grinder has many settings the bad...the company shortened the power cord so that it only sits next to the wall. You can't pull it out to fill it or remove the basket without unplugging it. backstory...this is my second. the previous wore a hole through the grinder area and began leaking grounds through the bottom.
It is very hard to close the machine but overall for the cost it does exactly what it is meant to do.
Not really worth the price. It's a cute gag gift but not for $15 bucks.
Super cute bento, buuut.. I filled it with water and tipped it on its side with a paper towel underneath. It dribbled some water in only a few minutes and I just don't want to worry about my soup leaking all over my work bag. I really wanted to keep it, but I realized I was trying to buy other things to compensate for the lack of seal. I like the tried-and-true airtight sealable Tupperware, so I'll stick with that. I also felt the lunchbox was really nice quality, but just too big for my needs.
It is not much but does what it suppose to do.
Washed and dried everyday and the seal on the lid that caps the drinking hole forms a dark mold like stain. This happened on all our tervis tumblers.
I needed a wall-mounted holder for rolls of clear plastic bags that we use for kitchen trash. The bags are 15 inches in width, so I specifically searched holders that are at least 15 inches wide. Come to find out, most wall-mounted holders are 12 to 14 inches, probably because paper towel rolls are rarely more than 12 inches wide. This product was purchased because it was supposedly 15 inches wide, but in reality, it was shorter. Our handy-person ended up sanding down the curved end of this holder enough that we can use it, although our bag of rolls now hangs off the end.
Did not seem very sturdy and color seemed a bit distorted.
This product has great design features from the way it can be held while sharpening a knife on a counter to it's non slip pad. The other great feature is the adjustable angle of the sharpening elements (carbide, ceramic). The problem is in the function design of the sharpening elements. When you drag a knife through them, the elements flex and move bowing toward the direction of the pull. So, that tells me, this thing will not last very long before something gives out. If it did not have that problem, then it would get five stars.
Just received my scale. It arrived with no protective film and a scratch and smudges on the surface. It's not worth returning since it will spend most of its time in a drawer anyway but, as other reviewers have noted, this is not acceptable quality for a new item even if it is inexpensive. The scale itself is a really nice size and appears to work alright.
I tried these twice. One with out spray. It was a mess. 2nd with cooing spray. It was better. Load the cooking spray if you don't want a mess.
I have lodge products and I love them. Truly non stick when used correctly. Food cooks better.
Works as it should. Can't beat the price.
Cans tend to stick on the bottom about 1-2 can widths from the end. I bent it to accommodate as much as possible, but it still sticks
The plastic feels a little flimsy, I used it on a red onion and it held up but I don't know for how long. It's a bit bulky to store. Feel I could have skipped this and just kept using a sharp chef's knife.
a bit pricey, but they work.
The blades did not want to fit into the bottom opening of the glass. Had to file some of them down. And after the parts are assembled and you try to put the jar on to the blender the jar no longer rests on the blender well, it tips a little. My wife has to hold her hand on the top of the jar to keep it steady. All I can say is "Oh well it works"
I had to drill new holes with my power drill on the utensil holder because the existing holes did not fit where the metal hanger needed to go. It took me several hours to do this. Wasted a whole afternoon because my drill needed to be charged to do it.
Great cup just wish it was really spill proof
They chip and stain easily. Hard to clean.
Leaks out the sides if tipped over. Otherwise it works great by keeping hot or cold for 1 to 2 days! We play tennis in Florida and need that cold consistently....it works !
The description guarantees leak free lids. Nope. Liquid leaks out from under the lids every single time. Otherwise the cups are fine...just don't fill them too full.
Metal part of lid unattached after owning for 2 months. Very expensive water bottle to have this issue with :(
The size of the container is excellent but that's about it, the base of the container is easily broken when pulling the lids off. Thought they were going to be leak proof and the ended up getting oil all over the bottom of my lunch bag.
Only 50 ties were included. Not enough for the 100 bags. Disappointed. Nice quality. Would have otherwise been fine.
Doesn't really stay on the nose very well, but you get what you pay for.
Not strong enough took 3 days to fill up
They've started to chip around the rims.
Does not feel too sturdy when trying to flip things with the spatula.
These are not as thick or ridged as I would have liked, but they do the job though. Did need help in getting the finger hold put in place.
Only complaint is Too flimsy and takes too long to snap lid tight all around, okay product
there very thin not bad for the price
This is the 3rd I've ordered, and the non-stick seemed to consistently last only about a year to year-and-a-half. I'll order another as I haven't seen anything better yet, but would like to have a little more durability
It stopped working after 2 months
Face was a bit distorted.
Lot smaller than I was expecting. While it's helpful, not quite meant for bulk cooking.
It is a smaller than average inside, but it has lasted, so good quality
Plastic smell was too strong and did not fade. Had to return item
These are cute and packaged well. I bought them as little gifts for the women we cruise with. The straws are flimsy and do not stand up straight so I am not sure how long I will actually use mine.
Maybe I have clean ears or I'm doing it wrong, but I can't get these to get anything out of my ears.
I'm making a valiant effort to be “green” with these bags. It can be extremely difficult to get the sealing “bar” off and on. Sometimes have to use my teeth. Then they stained when I stored paprika coated chicken in them. They are awkward to store as you have to keep track of the sealing bar unless you want to store them sealed, which I do not. They clean easily enough and storage capacity is ok.
I love them, but was very disappointed that these were not packed as well as my other dishes from Dowan! One of my plates arrived damaged and I don't believe it will last long. They are not replacing it, which is what I wanted, instead they offer a small credit/refund for one plate.
It's not as magical as everyone made it to be. Some things just don't blend as easily as I think they are supposed to for this amount of money!
The 2 mugs are beautiful. I started using one right away. I store water in it over night like recommended and drink it the first thing in the morning. I've only had the mug a few days and there is a dark spot on the inside bottom that looks like the copper has flaked away. Also there are pits forming on the side of the mug.
Nice hold well while cooking, but flimsy. They must be in the tin before adding any liquid or foods (I use for my daughter's lunch)
Didn't like that there was no directions. Took awhile to put together.
Accurate, however, it takes a long time to get the temperature reading. If your grill is hot, get your heat glove out because your hand will be over the grill for longer than would be comfortable without some protection.
This is a very nice looking mat, but after a few days of heavy rains and wiping wet shoes, leaving shoes on the rug, the bottom of the mat deteriorated (the underside) and stuck to my wood floors. I had to scrape the black remnants of the rubber off my floors causing the floors finish to get scraped off with it, after I tried goo gone and a sponge. Cheap product, not durable.
I disliked that you end of sucking in so much air, just to get the water through the straw. Causes a lot of discomfort, if that is a concern for you.
These were just delivered and I have some already and that's why I reordered. Only gave three stars because they were supposed to come with straws says so on the box and they weren't in there . Can't send these back because I have to have them for tomorrow .
It is questionable on if it works. Bought this for someone for as a Christmas gift and the box looks like it has been damaged. I can't say if it was done at factory or during Amazon delivery. I opened the box to see if it was damaged, the product doesn't looked damage. 3 stars for unknown working condition with damaged box.
I purchase this for my home and MAN that thing is loud! lol. It feels like you're taking a chain saw to open a can of chili and it doesn't work on big cans which is one of the reasons I bought it.
I didnt get the e book and the little oven mitts dont keep heat off your hands very well those 2 things made the 3 stars but the other items work just fine.
Works fine. Lid is a bit flimsy. Would be much more convenient if the liner would come out.
I love this art and had my eye on these for awhile. The $10 price held me back. I finally bought them with some Xmas money. Overall I was really disappointed. They are SO SMALL. The art and color is good... but I needed reading glasses to tell. The magnet and construction are strong. Just really pricey for the size. IMO.
The quality is not as good as my old Pyrex loaf pan. Glass is thinner.
It was smaller than I thought it should be, but big enough for a roast for 2 or 3. It wouldn't hold a full ham. The inside is not a smooth polished enamel like the outside.
These are okay. Not heavy weight. Shiny and pretty but I wish I would have went with a more reputable brand.
I wish I'd taken a pic of the flags I got before I gave them away. The flags were okay quality but half of the flags were stuck together. I gently pulled them apart but some of the colors messed up on them. I think they used too much glue to hold them on the sticks or not dry enough before packing. Just not satisfied to pass out to Vets. Maybe I just got the bad box.
It does what it is suppose to do but kind of small and I could tell it was cheaply done. At the same time cant complain much, you get what you pay for.
Did not fit with my reusable straws and I had to Dremel tool the hole so my straws would fit. Because I had to alter the hole the spill proof aspect no longer works.
Ordered these items for my son's wedding. Both boxes arrived with holes punched in the boxes and product was damaged. Do not have time to return item. Very disappoint
Love the cups! Perfect for our use. Often get sent the wrong size cup. Has happened multiple times.
Cones for me: 1. It beeps all the time when it's done boiling it reheating. It's so annoying and you can't turn it off. Not a good feature if you have a baby in the house, or at all. 2. My husband keeps saying that the water smells like plastic after it's boiled. Anybody else have this problem??? I don't see where it would come in contact with plastic, but it does smell like it. So now im worried that somehow I'm drinking plastic. Pros. 1. Reheating feature is very useful. 2. Looks great all together.
The color quality isn't as vivid as the image displays, but I do like them and are of good use. I just wished they were as bright as I had though they would be.
This will be a Christmas gift. I'm sure the recipient will be pleased.
Works well, but takes up more space than I was expecting. Photo makes it look smaller than it is.
Stop working in a month
It was very nice looking but very small pots and pans.
I love the cutters but the representation of the product was terrible, it was a Ziploc bag placed in another dirty plastic bag.
Worked great the first and only day it was used. Then I found the band at the top of the bottom piece broken so the cap can't be latched on. Now a useless bunch of plastic. Very disappointed by this as it wasn't a cheap item!
The covers fall off. They don't fit tight enough to stay on if you tip them at all.
Not great looking, so I installed it inside a cabinet. No problem with installation.
I have a black one in my office so I bought another for home. BTW it's more a BURGUNDY than a cherry red - it won't match KitchenAid red appliances, but it's close enough. It has an extremely short 18" cord so I had to buy a short extension cord, pretty annoying surprise. That said, this is clearly on older model than my black one as the cord is longer and the packaging was not as new and my have been sitting on shelf a LOOONG time.
This juicer works fairly well and the juice tastes much better from a masticating juicer, but it basically had to be entirely disassembled to clean it. I also had issues with making a larger batch of juice and the pulp clogging the filter basket. Some solid pieces are not getting juiced up as a result of that. I'd still rather have this than a centrifugal juicer, though.
One tray broke in the first week. DO NOT twist at all to loosen ice cubes
I wanted to love this product, and I like it for snacks and fruit - but I have tried it numerous times for sandwiches and my sandwich bread always becomes stale and hard after only a few hours!
It's cute and good quality but if you want food to stay in it's own compartment, this is not the product for you. The divider doesn't go all the way up so food will get mixed, so it's not good for liquidy things.
The interior pink is not as shown. This was a replacement cup for the 1 I dropped. It's not nearly as pretty as the 1 I had.
I liked the size and shape of this rolling pin, I wish however that they included in the discription that the wood was sealed with some sort of resin or wax or something. I prefer my rolling pins unsealed (flour sticks to them better). On the box it says non stick, but even with my normal dusting of flour the dough stuck.
Nothing great here. The foam pad starts to peel off quickly. It didn't seem to make a difference anyhow as far as how long it stayed frozen.
It's pretty but after just a few weeks of using it the handle became loose and there is no way to tighten it. It still works fine and looks good but I expected a better made product.
I'm not sure if I did something wrong, but the brown sugar was moldy so I'm not using the we disc with the container anymore. It did make the brown sugar soft, but it was a waste and had to be thrown out.
The instructions state to use whole milk to froth. I found this did not work and was going to return the product. I decided to try heaving whipping cream, which I prefer in my coffee anyhow, and it works. I froth once, then wait 3 minutes and froth a second time and it's just right. It's problematic, but better than getting out my mixer.
This product worked really well. ***HOWEVER*** be very careful cleaning the blade! There's a warning in the package and they're not kidding. My husband had to visit the ER last night with a cut to the BONE on his finger. He was cleaning and it slipped and sliced him, it's scalpel sharp!
Nice container to put left over!
Much smaller than anticipated.
Altho I know I bought it “ used”, I did not expect it to be chipped. Disappointed.
These were somewhat frustrating as they kept popping out of place. Worked better in the medicine cabinet than the fridge.
There is a pinch on the insulation which is a quality issue. I'll attach a picture if I can. Shipped deformed, I could not make it back to like as good as in their picture. No container inside so it's harder to clean than my old one.
The holding notch is not useful as you would imagine, blocks access to pan!
I like them just not as big as I needed them to be. But they will be okay for now
They are great for glass, however not as bright as expected
I like my tea, hot and in amounts of 2-3 cups (mugs) every morning. This pot has an excellent (very fine pore) infuser, would be nice if it had a little handle to extract but that is Not an issue. The volume is perfect. It is easy to see the status and volume of my tea. Easy to rinse/clean. I am delighted with my purchase. I've owned stoneware, metal, glass, etc. over the years, and this was the most reasonable price and turned out to be much better than expected. Two Months in the glass fractured. I handwash this pot, treat it with exceedingly good care.... Fracture looks like impact, but doesn't really matter. I know it is delicate, but seems to be too much so. I'll try another since I like the set-up so well.
I think this coffee maker is probably great if the circumstance are right. I bought it for my travel trailer but it doesn't work on my gas stove. The coffee came out weaker than weak and I tried twice with completely enough grounds. No flavor as it wasn't working properly on the gas burner. Super bummed out. I wish the description was more clear. I can't use it. Just stuck
The clip broke in 10 days, but it still works fine
You will buy these for the same reason I do. I just can't finish the can and I don't want to waste it. They are more of a pain that saving the pop. You might consider just pouring out your drink and skipping buying these entirely.
It's ok for the money i paid.But i would like a better quality even if i had to pay more.
The lids were ok, but I wanted the whole container, not just the lids.
It's ok. The banneton does have splinters, the way they sewed the liner creates too thick of overlapping seams right on top of the loaf, making it not so smooth, and the lame they provided was a nice extra, but it's clearly cheap and the metal has already discolored even though I have only had it a few weeks. I'd buy a different brand next time.
Difficult to blow up and a significant amount come defective.
Such a great idea, but there are still issues to solve for this to be completely worth the cost. I do believe it is safer to use an all glass and metal blender to avoid plastic leaching whatever chemicals they contain, but I would put this product in the ease of use category like the Magic Bullet, which is why I got this one in the first place. The glass is very slippery when wet and there is no handle, so I almost dropped it on the first cleaning. The blender is on the louder side if you turn it to a higher setting, but on a lower setting it doesn't work as effectively. I think they can get there with some further product design work.
The pan is surprisingly hard to clean.
Glass and design is adorable however it was a gift and several of the stones fell off with first use.
It not worth your energy. Worst. Junk completely.
Doesn't come with Feed Tube Pusher. Two separate Feed Tube Pushers were ordered for the cover and neither fit into the feed tube. Very frustrating! The feed tube pusher for the original cover that developed cracks also did not fit.
Just what I expected
It's small and easy to use. Just plug it! But ... 30 mins after.... stopped. And since then hasnt turn on again. Is it supposed to do that. Mmm dont like it.
doesn't sit on bowl very tightly
Great size, easy to carry, love having a filter on me so I feel like I can't drink from anywhere! BUT.... the straw just STOPPED WORKING!?! I'm so disappointed because I like this bottle so much but it just became blocked- I cleaned, disassembled, tried everything but the straw just won't work. BRITA, help!
I put these in the dishwasher without using the drying feature, but they still came out with some rust spots and the logo on the handle started to wear off, but the knives cut BEAUTIFULLY
Nice pan but surface reacted with dishwasher detergent. It's now dull, tinted, and old looking. Works fine and I'll continue to use. Steel wool can buff it back up but it's disappointing to have it age so quickly.
This is just...Eh for me. The strength is weak in my opinion. And the taste is watered down. Maybe this is meant to only be an espresso shot and not a regular cup of coffee. I think Bustelo, which is also espresso, has a better roast, strength and taste.
It works well just have to put it together
First of all, like other reviewers mentioned, these plates are decidedly white and not ivory. Honestly, that wouldn't have been a problem if I didn't order a second set of small plates for dessert that were labeled the same ivory/gold and actually ARE ivory. So now I have dinner and salad plates that are WHITE and gold and dessert plates that are ivory and gold. Second, I bought these for Christmas dinner to cut back on some of the clean up because they were advertised as super durable. Yeah, they're not. They literally bend without any real effort. I'm hoping they hold up to real knives. I was so excited about these but when they arrived last night I have to say that I was quite disappointed.
Very simple handle which makes holding a tumbler like my Yeti comfortable to hold!
Odd cup holder has to be a perfect fit to work correctly Mines just a little too loose and cup can tip over
Does not spill. It is hard to suck thicker smoothies out of and is difficult to clean
They're smaller than what i was expecting. Maybe it's my fault for not really looking at the size. The bottles are good. The hooks like all others - don't work well.
Nice. For what they are . Would buy more. However dropped one the day i got them and it broke. So the break resistant is kinda false
Used in conjunction with other pans, so it's generally light duty, eggs, omelettes, and the like. It was pretty slick out of the box but after about 7 months, eggs now stick. I take pretty good care of the pans, use non-metal utensils, don't use on high heat, etc.
The way it's packaged could be improved because it does come folded with many creases that take a while to work itself out. Also, it is a small mat for certain so be aware of the size.
I love these type of glasses and so ordered more from this seller- but they arrived all boxed up, but very dirty. I'm not sure how that possible - but made me question where they're coming from.
We are missing the plastic for handle
I know they are minis but too small
I realized I couldn't use these as soon as I tried them. I got them to use with my Ozark cup (Yeti knock-off). I only drink water out of that cup and it made my water taste like metal. It also got so cold that I thought I would end up with freezer burn on my lip. I had to take it out of the cup after only a few sips. I ended up giving these straws away to my mom and sister whom I got those reusable juice bags for. I'm hoping it doesn't make that taste metallic and they'll be able to use them ok. I did like the fact it came with bendy and straight straws and I love the fact it came with a brush for cleaning.
Hi is there an answer key? some of these games require answer it would be nice if I dint have to google the answers. Giving this product three stars because of this issue otherwise pretty paper.
It's ok for those that can't afford a better quality one
I'm giving this a 3 instead of 5 stars because when it arrived today, the top plastic lid was completely broken. :( It still works, but that's a major bummer.
This is probably fine for most bagels. The bagels I get from the bakery are too fat for this. I wish it was adjustable.
The lid is pointless except to keep the heat in for 15 minutes or so. Otherwise it just gets in the way. I really wish it had a seal of some kind.
I am disappointed with this heater! I was expecting it to work better than it does considering the good reviews I read for it. I liked the fact that I could control the temp for my needs. I bought it for brewing my Kombucha in my one gallon jar and according to the back of the box it is suppose to heat to certain temps according to what setting you use. Regardless of what setting I put it on it keeps my Kombucha pretty much at a steady 77 degree's. I guess I should of gone with a cheaper one that comes with only one setting! :-(
They come all black... Wish they had sone white in it as pictured
The reason for 3 stars is because I bake/cook a lot and that means a lot of measuring. The opening of the two smaller containers are not big enough to maneuver the 1 cup size so it is not practical for my purpose. Other than that they are ok. They are glass which preserves better the food and it seems to seal well.
This is a very durable bread box. The bad thing is that it's small and the lid doesn't snap on. Maybe I got one with a defective lid ?
Beautiful color. Love the rose gold. First day I was happy with my purchase. After hand washing twice, I noticed that water/contents will leak from under the lid before flowing through the straw/mouth opening (even though the lid should be sealed by the gasket provided). I was hoping product could be used without a straw, but this is the first tumbler I've experienced this type of leak with.
No matter what I do grounds end up in the coffee so I have strain it again. The coffee I like doesn't come in coarse ground, maybe if it did it'd wouldn't happen.
It's not as useful as I thought. You still have to you another spatula or your hand to clean the beater,
I've had this for a few months now and its super cute but the design on the tray has started coming off when I wash it. I've only ever hand washed and I've never used anything abrasive. Too bad b/c now it looks messy.
Nice little tool to have. I found in Chinatown for less, bought a few more. I also use in my Instant pot.
A bit cheaper than I'd thought, but they're cute.
Basic nit very steady
Good product! Been looking for a nice small vacuum cleaner just for cleaning my car and after reading other reviews and watching a couple videos others have posted, this was more of an impulse buy. I was hestitant that this would power effectively and have good suction given it draws power from the cars DC outlet. But I am blown away! It's good looking, powerful, lightweight, has all the same attachments you'd find in your everyday vacuum at home and does indeed suck! It powers on immediately, has an adequate sound volume, not too loud. This vacuum although does have a couple short comings. The swiveling brush attachment is half assed. It helps get stuck in dirt, but when you try to brush, the head just flops around when you try to use even the slightest of pressure. With that said, I've had to use my free hand to hold the brush head itself just to get the tougher areas to brush and vacuum so that was a little annoying. Secondly, the cord could be a little longer. It does come with a nice cord but even for use in a compact car like my Hyundai Elantra, the back seat was as far as the cord would allow for vacuuming with decent slack. I wouldnt be able to use the vacuum to clean the trunk. The cord only allows for the vacuum to reach just outside the door. Of course this does depend on make and model so not everyone may have the same problem. Some people may have a dc outlet in their trunk that the can clean it if they wish. My car however, does not. It has one up front in the lower center stacked console. The last thing to dislike is that this may be made just for cars, BUT, the vacuum cord has a dc outlet plug only, it doesn't have an AC plug or a converter attachment. So when you buy this remember that it will only power through the DC outlet, unless you would want to use a third party DC to AC power converter. Also i tested this while I had my engine on, so the car would cycle power efficiently and not alone on accessory power for it would drain the battery quickly as insurance that the next time I go to start my car, it would start. A good product. But not perfect.
The one we received does not appear to be a true chef buddy. No Chef Buddy logo on it. No instructions and not a clear lid as pictured.
I'm not going to send back because I can fix it. But the wooden case the mugs came in is broken the plastic window broken had to be broken before shipment because the pieces are not here. Guess who ever packed it didn't care. Keep Smiling.
Lid leaks while you drink and is very cheaply made. The cup keeps your wine decently cold and safe outdoors from breaking your glass wine cups. I still ended up buying the yeti one, which keeps amazingly cold BUT does not offer a lid.
It's a bottle, you can put drink in.
Does not seems to be able to refrigerate stuff like 2 liter bottles well.
I was buying silverware piece by piece as a college student so after graduating and becoming a real adult, I figured it was time I bought a whole set. I'm a simple person and didn't want anything too flashy so went with the square block design. Upon initial use, everything was great. Seemed strong and sturdy as utensils and no rust or anything. However, the handles, I've come to realize, are very square at the end that if you hold the utensil near the end and put any small amount of force on it, they really dig into your skin and hurt quite a lot. After some time of use, I did notice some rusting starting to happen. All the reviews mentioning rust are true. Yes, this is a relatively cheap set of silverware but if you want a decent set that you won't be throwing out anytime soon and that won't hurt the palms of your hands when you're really trying to dig into some ice cream, I'd suggest getting something else. If, however, you are the person to lose silverware fairly easy or you don't really care about the hand thing and just want a cheap pair that'll last a few months, this might just do the trick. If this review helped you at all, I'd appreciate a HELPFUL click!
Tricky to get handle on and off and handle not full stable when on and not the best on the induction stove.
Not very sturdy, the XL double yolk chicken eggs or duck/goose eggs will not fit. Get what you pay for. Fine for regular size eggs.
Washed baseball caps keeps the shape pretty good
These made it possible for me to fulfill my summer pregnancy craving for popsicles, and the popsicles themselves turned out great! However, sometimes it is tough to get them to remain standing in the holder, and it is necessary to run them under water for a little bit before I csn get the popsicle out of the holder.
They definitely keep all the nut pulp out of my milk. They all require much more "milking" than they should. Very little liquid runs out without squeezing.
It is easy to over toast the bread.
But difficult to grind
very practical but if the food is heavy you will have to double up.
Lasted for a little while and then got bent out of shape and wouldn't stay closed.
doesn't fit the opening tight when culturing veges so they float up around the edges ..wish it would fit better .
This seems like a darling popper, bought it, but I only use the small heirloom kernels and because they're light, they started flying out of the chamber immediately! Game over. : ( For regular popcorn, seems nice. I prefer the heirloom cuz they barely have husks after popping, easier on the digestion and your teeth.
Great idea but too loose for the sizes we get here in CT
Everything was great except one blue tall glass was delivered with a crack in it!
Nice that the center of the top is removable, graduations are easy to read and there are different scales of the graduations to choose from but the outer ring of the top is a loose snap fit into the cup and it leaks if you fill it all the way and tip it a little.
Lid leaks when sealed. Does not keep beverage warm.
I really like the smallness of it, fits under my upper cabinets so I can leave it out. Unfortunately the motor is much weaker than the regular size KitchenAid mixer. I had to turn it up to 8 to mix at a regular speed.
Like the color selection - I went with the copper color. Not as durable/solid as expected. The top and bottom of the canister are slightly worn, as though the cannister's not brand new. No instructions included, so while it comes with replacement C02 filters, not sure what the recommended life expectancy is of each one.
The bowl is beautiful, but one of the tools came damaged.
Product did not work as expected. Lots of leakage. Coffee very weak, even with following the instructions explicitly.
Arrived broken but the intact cups were good
containers are too small for an adult size meal...it is great for someone that had weight loss surgery.
Bottle is leak proof and looks good. But on second day of use it has started turning black. Not sure if it is safe to use anymore.
They seem ok. Very light, chopsticks look like picture but packaging/label was completely different. Even a different companys name on them.
Wasn't too happy with the quality of this product. Wish I would've just purchased the more expensive one. Do like the little hook though
They were a lot smaller then expected. I thought that the bigger one would hold a box of cereal, probably would only hold half that.
Glasses arrived packed nicely but one was clearly used before. I'm happy to wash them so I can put them to use, but kind of annoying.
decent bowls for the price, bright colors and lightweight nesting design. my problem is the plastic is so soft and thin that my hand mixer keeps taking chunks out of the bowl. these would be great for just separating and simple stirring but not good with most kitchen utensils
Nice spatula, however it is very stiff which makes it difficult to use.
They plastic seemed to stretch. Doesn't allow to form complete balls but it's still ok.
The first time I used it the lid got stuck and I had to really really try to get it off. It wasn't very fun to use.
Wasn't nit happy with the size. Made it difficult to make butter pads for the formal Etiquette dinner. I ended up not using them. Too small for butter
So far, so good. it is the right size for my small space, does cook and is easy to clean up. I got a great deal on toaster pans at the local store for less than ten.
The outside of the package said do not bend but post office crammed it in my mailbox and put a kink in it. The product was good though.
They are good, but the food colors in gel are better and the colors are more intense.
Good product and comparable to pricing.
I've made some fine meals in this pan and like everything about the construction and design -- weight, depth, handle shape and size -- but like many reviewers I'm disappointed in the durability of the nonstick coating. It's only been 8 months and there are patches where it's worn; cleaning is increasingly difficult. Though it's still usable, I'm already scouting for a replacement. I know nonstick skillets have a limited lifespan, but I expect it to be a matter of years, not months. My old Emeril 8 inch has had much more use/abuse than this one and it's only now, after maybe 3-4 years, starting to wear down. Cuisinart needs to up its game if they want to keep customers loyal.
Gets job done on small potatoes
When you brew coffee it's not hot, have to microwave it to heat it up!!
These are great party hats for cats or really small people. The paper does tear easily, but you can tape the hats up. Don't miss the little adhesives for the pompoms- they are easily lost.
Pretty and cute but did not last long. Ripped away from the insulated inside lining very quickly
Cool masks that can be worn dressed up or down. They fit my face and eyes well.
One of the green pieces was missing out of the box and a few shapes were bent. Nothing too drastic but definitely below what I expected. Will update my review after I test them on some fruit.
Super cute and they match perfectly
1 year old mixed boxer tore the rug up in 2 hours. I then spent the next hour picking up all the little pieces. May not be the fault of the maker, but you all with young dogs should beware. I'm now search for a more durable outdoor entry rug.
It's working but there are a couple of things that I'm not thrilled about. 1) The top is difficult to screw on both correctly and tightly. It sticks. 2) The powdered sugar comes out awfully slowly.
I like the color, the size, the shape, but I do not like the speed of the top speed or the lowest speed. Lowest speed flings cookie dough or wet things I'm mixing up out of the bowl. Highest speed is not fast enough..barely mixes the dough. Makes me feel like the highest setting will burn up the motor with the stiff cookie doughs I am trying to mix, and I'm talking about basic Nestle Toll House chocolate chip cookies dough. I had nothing because my old hand mixer broke, so had to buy one in a hurry and this was the one I chose. I guess it will work till IT breaks and I'll buy a new one then. Kitchenaid is good for the big countertop mixers but for the hand mixer, ....no. I'd steer people elsewhere.
This grinder works great. Don't like the plastic piece the grounds go in just a matter of time before it breaks.
buy something more expensive.
i think that says it all .
Was expecting a little higher quality material.
The pan is domed to much
This tray roller is huge!!! Did not expect it to be so long
I certainly wish I had ordered the black sink protectors, for these clear ones stain easily. Such a terrific idea, but it seems impossible to keep them sparkling clean
It is way smaller than the picture looks I will post an update after I use it.
I ordered the package ( 4 packs) few days ago , Just open one of them , found something on the filter ( don't know what is that ) , I'm afraid to use it ..
While I like the idea and ease of use of the product overall, I am a little worried about how long it will last. The wine stopper broke after three uses and each time I use the opener I am wondering how long it will hold up. The plastic portions are not very sturdy.
My pan was rough like fine sand paper. This seemed to be pretty non-stick. The instructions said use a plastic spatula. I used a heavy metal spatula to smooth the rough surface and seasoned it like a traditional cast iron pan.
Smaller than expected
Down to Earth refunded me half-price (set of two) to cover the broken coffee mug.
Not and I summed expected. Please
Easy to use, I wouldn't buy it again for $15 though. If the tip hits the edge of whatever you're blending (a bowl or a cup) then you have to take the whole top off and put it back on to center it or it'll start spinning way off. It seems fragile, I worry if I push on the head too hard it'll snap.
Have not got to use it yet, sorry!
It grinds well however it spills upward and gets everywhere. Also have a hard time getting the cup out as it frequently gets stuck.
drinking edge/rim is somewhat rough. I'm sorry that I bought them, but it's not worth the trouble to return. I'll use them this summer, and hopefully they'll get lost somewhere.
I wish I had bought the plastic one...in freezer it sticks to fingers
Very nice interaction with company. Unfortunately the cups are very flimsy silicon compared to the last set I had. Cute colors. Spoons are nice.
The plastic that the towels go into is very hard and when you dont have a towel in them for a while it is extremely hard and hurts to push the towel in with your finger. They are cute and work nicely but giving it a 3 out of 5 because pushing the towel in is almost impossible without hurting your finger.
These light up nicely and are fun to play around with but almost impossible to actually eat with. They are very thick and ungainly with very blunt ends. A novelty item that is not actually very usable
Nothing terribly wrong with these, but the packaging is horrendous. One of them arrived broken, but the rest were fine.
I absolutely love the magnets, but one came broken with a portion of the magnet disconnected from the rest
Pros: - holds almost a half-pot of coffee - sturdy, I dropped the cup once while full of coffee, and the lid stayed on and the cup only got a small dent in the bottom Cons: - doesn't keep coffee hot for more than a couple hours - lid is NOT leak-proof, if your drink sloshes around a lot or the cup falls over, some will seep through the sliding cover - lid is difficult to clean around/under sliding cover, it doesn't come off and liquid can get trapped inside making it impossible to clean thoroughly
Everything is fine with this product, other than I ordered clear/transparent, and got white. I didn't want white!
This crockpot cooks at a very high temp. I will not be leaving this running while not home. Suppose that defeats the purpose for most people. I crock pot constantly and this thing almost burnt chili on low. It was at a rolling boil. Food done 2 hours early. I'm really not impressed.
I used this product to make a meat loaf and on the first usage, some of the copper came off the bottom pan
I really like the size of the container itself, but the lids do not fit properly, and do not create a proper seal. I've only washed them by hand so I know it's not because of the heat in the dishwasher. A little disappointed because I wanted to be able to use these often for work.
I have lots of problems with this rice cooker because the liquid often steams out and the rice doesn't get enough liquid. There is no hole in the lid to allow some steam out.
It does keep my coffee hot, but the opening is a little narrow, making it difficult to fill without spilling. Also, it is easy to misalign the lid a little when screwing on, which if not detected, results in leaks. That said, if you get the lid on correctly, it doesn't leak.
It is cute, and my black lab loving daughter is using it, but the chemical smell was pretty strong and I almost sent it back. Not sure if the intensity has gotten better over time.
Trying to get my three year old off sippy cups and onto straws.. decided to give this cup a go and I'm not impressed. Overall the cup is cute and seems durable but it leaks a lot.
I liked the product but it did not fit as snug as the original.
I really like the way it looks and feels under my feet when washing dishes. The only complaint I have that it has a lip on the edge that makes me trip. So I will have to use it elsewhere.
I have another pan organizer that I like much better. I got this one to organize the tops but I'm not able to do that because of how wide the cut outs are. Then the small track with 2 is almost useless. If the spaces were identical I could use to big pans but they're weird sizes. I used this but it took some finagling. Ok purchase again I have another rack I like better.
This item was very confusing to use and I was unable to research detailed instructions and couldn't get a hold of anybody from the company by phone. Due to this, I am unsure about the accuracy as I broke it with my attempted first use.
Works great. Only down sides are the obnoxiously loud beeping when you start it or it finishes toasting. Also, no trap door to release stuck crumbs.
These bags are super small. I can barely fit the included spoon in it. The spoon isn't really helpful or practical. Not bigger than a credit card.
It was a very well-made board but it was too heavy would take two people to lift it. Unfortunately I had to return
Arrived with 3 bottles shattered despite no damage to packaging. Amazon took care of refunding without any problem. Bottles were very hazy. Ordered replacements from a different company that were much cleaner/ clear.
Great product for the first four months. Absolutely flawless and good never stuck. Now we're going around 5 months and the bottom of the wok is starting to burn everything we put into it. The protective coating has deteriorated and I already have to start looking for another wok. Very disappointed with the longevity of the product, it would have been perfect otherwise.
This was my first time using a natural deodorant and while the smell is nice initially I would have to reapply in order to stay fresh all day. I also had some minor irritation the first week of using it and feel as if my underarms are darker. Overall, the smell is good initially and if you are not a heavy sweater this may work to keep you smelling fresh, otherwise I would not purchase again.
Cooking surface is sturdy and easy to clean, ut the wattage or heat elements to vegetables 30 minutes to stir fry with giving element 10 minutes to warm at full temp setting. Grilled cheese 10 minutes after letting plate warm 5-10 minutes. burgers don't even try it, chicken breast I gave up and move them stove top to finish. As a plate warmer it works wonderful. We now let it sit in pantry trying to decide how to get use from it. No real opinion on what to look for when buying a grill, after this failure we have gone back to firing up outside grill when grilling is desired.
The lids aren't tight, they just rest so be sure to keep them upright or they will spill
Gave as a Christmas gift
I would probably get a different one next time. Not sure I can put this in a hot oven or not or for what length of time. It's kind of hard to get on and off.
These canisters look nice and seal very well but as others have said, they aren't air tight which wasn't that important to me. The seals are perhaps a bit too tight for those with small or weak hands, and with no real way to grab the lids, this could be a problem for some.
leaks down the side a lot of time when pouring, but it was cheap
Fits our Ice waters well but no other drinks that we purchase. Still works well
I should have just bought a lid. Cleanup is too much.
The Cooler looks good and works well thus far. However, one of the wooden racks that was shipped was broken inside the cooler. I was emailed by the supplier and asked if everything was okay. I replied saying that one of the racks was broken and if they could send me a new one. I never heard from them again.
The black pieces near the handle fell off in an instant, pretty much
not bad. didn't realize how small the oven is.
Thy don't quite do it for me.
The real problem with these are allowing grinds through...maybe a finer mesh is needed.
I used these for donuts and I was really excited to use the heart mold. It's a nightmare getting things out of these molds and I even sprayed them with baking spray. I had to force them out which resulted in my donuts breaking off. I haven't touched them since.
Several came damaged but the rest good.
The fork, knife, and large spoon are fine but the small spoon is tiny! If it had a longer handle it would be ok. The issue comes to fruition when you're eating soup and rest the spoon in the bowl and the spoon sinks all the way into the soup because the handle isn't long enough to keep it from drowning. I rest my case. I wish there was a matching long handled small spoon set.
My husband needed something to take hot food with him so he won't have to eat cold meals all the time. The container couldn't be over 6 inches tall, to fit in his lunchbox, which was difficult to find. It also had to be able to hold a meal size portion. This one holds 20 ounces, a little on the small side. I wanted to test just how hot the contents of the container would stay at 6 and 8 hours of time. The pictures tells the time and temperature at 6 and 8 hours. Not bad for the amount of time that elapsed. If you need a container to keep food hot for longer than 8 hours and height doesn't matter then go with a different brand. This one is just average.
no matter how hard i try, the filter doesn't seal good and water bypasses it some. over all its good except for that. i can tell the water is better quality!
Overall, this product is not enough suction power. The side latch is not comfortable handling.
One of the pillows came with the sequins bent so I can't get it all the way red that was a let down other than that they are nice if I was to order something like this again I'd go a little bigger
These were much bigger and cheaper looking than in the pictures.
Kinda flimsy and requires more force to turn than I expected but grates okay and cleans up well.
Doesn't whistle at all. Doesn't even have a Whistler device. Why would they call it that? It also dribbles water all over when you pour unless you flip up the spout cap first. Other than those issues it's a fine stainless kettle.
I really enjoyed this product for the first month or so. Eventually I found the filter gets hindered by micro particles and seems to slow down considerably. I researched online to clean reusable stainless coffee filters and came across instructions on soaking the filter in vinegar/ water mixture. I applied the procedure several times with no improvment. I have since switched to a pour over disposable paper filter kind, Hario V60 Ceramic Coffee Dripper.
I asked for a letter that they did not send in the end.
It does grind with little effort. That being said, it takes 4-6 minuets to grind enough for 8 cups. That doesn't sound like much unless it's you holding this small cylinder with one hand and continuously grinding with the other every day. Also, I find that I need to re-adjust the grind setting as it loosens during use. I do like it but I think I'll put it in the camper and spring for an electric one for the house.
Main piece was weak, very slippery when used.
Ordered teal and was sent fuchsia..But still happy with the product
Would have given it 5 stars since the actual item has the #5 recycle code and made in the USA unlike some that claim it and it's not on the actual item, but the item came without being covered in anything just the box and bubble wrap which may have added to the scatches and discolored look it had.
I purchased these water bottles in 25oz green for travelling internationally. Even after my trip, I still use these bottles daily and have been doing so for about 6 months. Although, there is a lot I like about these bottles, there are some things I am disappointed by. Positives -attractive design and color - look expensive even though they are great value -secure cap -great size, can fit an ice cube easily through top opening Negatives - they do not keep liquids hot or cold for as long as claimed in the description (5-6 hours max) - not very durable, one bottle dropped on to a tile floor from 5 feet and dented - they tend to fall out of the side mesh water bottle pocket of my backpack (this could be due to the size of the 25 oz bottles)
Very disappointed ☹️ handles were lose on a couple of the pans I was so excited to receive my pots and pans no point on returning too much of a hassle for me !! They look so nice is a shame though !!
The hole in the lid is designed to fit around the shaft of my Anova circulator, however there is a problem because the mounting bracket for the Anova is flush with the pot edge, therefore the cellar made lid does not seal completely.
Much cheaper quality than expected but item did arrive very fast and not damaged.
The spouts on these are incredibly hard to clean since they dont come out. I dont have a dishwasher so it started to grow mold.
I gave an overall three star only because it is small. Otherwise it works good and I got it so my son can have hot cocoa on cold morning for school and he asked every morning. lol
Pretty flimsy. Would honestly buy a different product if I could go back in time.
it looked nice on our cake. I wish it was a bit bigger or not so sorry to say cheap looking but I still liked it.
I was concerned because the box was beat up pretty bad when it arrived. Inside the styrofoam protective piece on top was broken. The top was taped, as if, it had been opened before, then returned. The parts inside were not in their plastic shipping bags. However, I decided to try it out. I went to clean it first and noticed the nut inside on the bottom, seemed discolored or had oxidized spots on the metal. But, not rusted. So did, the nut on the pour spout. I assumed those parts were aluminum. I continued to wash it and they stayed the same and nothing was chipping off, so after I rinsed it, I made just a ten cup pot of coffee to test it. It started brewing almost immediately, and you could hear a bubbly noise. Then, after a minute it started brewing and you could see in the clear lid handle that it was. After 10 minutes, the red finish brew light came on and it was done. No grounds were in the coffee and it had good smell, color, and tasted good. I recommend, a few extra tablespoons of coffee grounds, for a more richer flavor. This will be used for many events, so I'm curious how it holds up. It is very lightweight, so transporting it should be easy with the nice cool touch grabber handles. I tried one more cup about 30 minutes later, and it seemed still very hot. Before, I recommend it to be bought, I would want to use it a few more times. But, for the price, so far so good.
Haven't had the chance to use these bowls yet but already upset because one of them arrived dented. It's not a huge defect, but I don't expect a new item to come already banged up.
Very rough surface to the pan initially and things will easily stick. With the surface being rough, it is difficult to clean. But it was for a cheap price and serves it purpose.
It is very pretty but very unsteady. It will be great for a adult event. It will not work very well for kids.
Kind of cheaply made. Wonder how long it will hold up.
They are small and cute
To lightweight no slide out for Bottom tray/catch tray
When the light arrived it would not power on. I opened it up, checked the 3 LEAKING Amazon Basics AAA batteries that had been installed and they were all DEAD! I Had to clean the leakage juice from the inside of the unit and replace the batteries with three Duracell Procell that I just happened to have in the house. I installed the light on my new Weber Genesis II Barbecue and it works but does not completely turn off when you close the lid......just becomes half as bright as when the lid is open. Is this right? Does it stay half on and then turn off completely after 30 minutes as it states in the manual? There is no way to actually turn the light off. Maybe it's so that you can actually find your barbecue if it's completely dark outside......?? OK, it's been over 30 minutes with the lid closed and the light is STILL ON! I guess I am going to have to return it for a replacement......oh joy!
This product, though convenient, does not really cook the hot dogs, rather just warms them up.
Mold built up in small air hole on top of lid and I soaked it and took a tiny brush in there to clean our mold and still there was mold in it... never washed in dishwasher either only hand washed... now the seal on bottom of lid popped out while cleaning and now leaks everywhere and we can't get seal back in... so overall not impressed
Thought they would be a little heavier, almost feels like aluminum.
We've loved the size and number of ice cubes these produce. The water freezes quickly, so we always have ice if we empty them into another container and refill. That's the good news. The bad news is, it is very difficult to get out the corner pieces of ice as the plastic is rather rigid. I'm ok with that and leave those cubes in when they won't come out. My husband and giant teenage son, however, see these ice cubes as a challenge to their strength or something and try to force the cubes. I ordered 2 sets of these (so 6 trays) on March 4. Two have already snapped in half. Yes, this is a character flaw, but it is more a design flaw - I grew up in the era of ice cube trays (we even had the metal ones) and not one broke, ever. If you get a good deal and don't mind replacing every 6 months or so, or if you and your loved ones can forego the challenges of the corner ice, buy some! You'll love them. 4 stars for size (knocking off one because you need a lot of them!).
Smaller than appeared
I'm sure the dimensions are on here somewhere and I'm the idiot for not reading but dang these are small.
Nice size, but very difficult to open even after removing the plastic safety strip and didn't want to have to use a special tool to get in every time.
Nice, but the one sent to me had a chip knocked out of it. A good finish to it, though.
Fine for the price. 3 of the 4 I received worked well. The last made no noise as the sound stick didn't make it anywhere near the gear.
It is a guessing game to get your bread toasted to your liking . The detents are very apart in timing Other then that is works like statement
you have to stand over it until the light changes colors and it does not beep when the waffles are ready
Pan scratched the first time I used it and hear from oven caused color to come off.
The handle kept pulling out of the side. It was fine once you got it placed on the sink.
Water flow seems slower with this filter from he one it replaced. Not sure why that is, also seems to be leaking as we keep getting water in the drawer below the filter. Not sure if it is the filer but I am not sure what else it could be.
The only thing is it drips when you pull the pot out.
Was not the color we had expected...was striped...not a solid color.
This makes super creamy ice cream, but you have to eat it right as it gets done cause it melts sooooo quickly and if you put it in the freezer it gets really hard and isnt creamy anymore. The container is very small, makes a really small batch, not enough for 7 people maybe enough for 4 bowls.
I was so excited about this cutting board. It was end-grain and I could afford it! Sadly, like many others have experienced, mine had a split/crack in it. I contacted the company directly and received fast and caring service. They gave me a variety of options to remedy the situation, none of which required me to return the damaged board! They are definitely a relatively new company and they sincerely cared about taking care of their customers.
This works ok, but can be quite messy with larger lemons. Now after using it once or twice a week since purchase the "coating is peeling off of the strainer making it very difficult to clean and potentially adding chips of coating to your juice. I have no real choice but to retire this and try to find one that will last and work better.
Not enough space for large salad also without all the pieces you can't close it. So if you wanted to remove the toppings tray go get a deeper salad bowl you wouldn't be able to close it at all.
Sorry, I don't really like the plastic
I don't think I would recommend this product metal is very thin.
4 were broken 4 were great. 4 that survived are excellent.
It is beautiful but I didn't expect it to be so small. I don't want it for tea but water. It just looks kind of odd being so small. The worst part is IT HAS NO WHISTLE! i HAVE BURNED TOO MANY POTS TO KEEP IT. i must not have read the reviews carefully enough.
Loved the containers at first but now the tops are breaking. I'm very disappointed because I ordered a bunch.
Quality not good. Price higher.
This is ok but there are better ones. If the lid isn't just right it pops off in the microwave. I usually just use a cup and a paper towel.
I bought this set as opposed to others specifically because they came with matching lids. However, almost all of my lids are warped and they don't close over the bowls. Instead one side or another or both pop out. I give it 3 stars because the bows and measuring cups and spoons are cute and decent quality. Disappointed over the lids though.
Overall, this is a great water bottle if you are looking for one to hold a ton of water. However, they don't hold up too well. I dropped one out of my bag that completely shattered. Another one was knocked off my coffee table, and the lid chipped. The second one isn't leaking, but just make a note to be careful with these.
I have used this product to make tea and coffee and the metal insert does a good job of keeping particulates out of my brews. My only complaint is that there is spillage when pouring. I've tried everything to mitigate the problem but the spills happen on slow pours, fast pours, with and without the steel hardware. With no spillage, this would be a 5 star review (it's still worth the money as a 3 star though).
I received these with the yellow straw damaged at the end that you would drink out of. The company did offer to replace the set if I returned the set I received which is kind of a hassle, especially since I didn't have to pay for shipping to buy them but would have to pay shipping to send them back. I would have just liked a yellow straw sent out. Anyway I cut the end off and will have to file the end down so it doesn't cut someones mouth. I guess I will see if Walmart has hard plastic straws and try to match the cup lid as close as possible.
I have not received it yet it has been five days now in shipping I was to get it the 6th of April now they tell me I will get it the 23rd of April WHY in shipping so long??????????
This was great, until it started leaking after only 5 months..
The glasses are nice. sturdy but elegant looking. However, the display box they came in had only thin dividers so that the glasses banged against each other during shipping. only 3 of 6 arrive intact. Very disappointing as they are nice glasses.
Returned. Wrong size
Just buy some shelf liner (or rug gripping pad) and make a zillion of your own.
Notice that you'll need a special Food Saver vacuum product that's not included to use this product
The caps can come off and can trap water inside of the handles.
Small snap on handle broke the second time I used this item , Disappointing. Now lid will not stay on.
It is just ok. Still takes just as long to cook anything. I got it to save me time. By the time you wait for the steam to come down I could have cooked it on the stove.
Haven't used them yet, so I can't attest to the quality, but I received only 1 out of 2 of these.
I love Ann Clark cutters, however these were all smashed when I received them because they were shipped in an envelope rather than a box & they rusted after the first wash. Made cute cookies though.
I bought this product a while ago. The order came with two bottles for about 8 bucks. The price went up but that was okay. This new order came with only one bottle, which seems a little high priced. In case this is not obvious, the color you get is the one that was left over after folks bought their chosen color earlier. :- )
I feel like it's at a bit of an awkward angle. Other than that, product is sturdy, fits well in a 32oz. cup.
Maybe its just my experience but I had multiple magnets where they fell off easily, because they are held in place by what looks like hot glue. Not put together well but very cute!!
Good so far, not highest quality and will have to see if they last as long or longer than expected
Reduced my star rating because halfway through one of the packages, the color changed from bright white to cream! Several of them were also stuck together and couldn't be separated without ripping.
Product does the job of keeping bugs out. However the construction is on the cheaper side and many times it is a fight to open and close them. Will work fir now but not sure how long they will last.
Glass is thick and heavy, but lid is quite chinsy and could be better. Worth about $10 in my opinion.
Disappointing! My husband is a tea drinker, and has been wanting a nice teapot for some time now. I researched quite a bit to find a nice one, and liked the looks of this, the included trivet, the warming sleeve, as well as the reviews. It all seemed good, in theory, but.... At first glance, my husband liked it. But after using it once, he will no longer use it. He brewed several cups in the pot (warming sleeve on) poured his first cup, and enjoyed it. Poured his second cup, and was let down. The tea did not stay hot, as advertised, and consequently, he needed to warm it in the microwave (the cup of tea, not the entire pot). This would probably be great for cold tea, but for hot, it's a bust. And the e-book? Not that it was a big selling point, but the one I ordered didn't come with it. Sending it back.
I bought this timer for an elderly family member thinking this would be simple and easy to read. but the directions were not clear.
I like the side mesh pouches on the sides and it holds a lot of containers. The top zipper is a bit of a challenge sometimes, otherwise I like it.
These are great looking and easy to use. The difference between the finest and largest grate isn't that different and one light didn't work but they serve the purpose I wanted. Easy to use one handed!
I like these containers. Great for things like smoothies and drinks. But like other users have said, washing them can be a little tricky. Overall, it's a great value and great way to help Mother Nature.
It has a nice, slippery, non-stick finish, but there were a few scratches in the pretty blue surface. I will be very careful to make sure those chips don't get any larger when using it (I haven't baked anything in it yet).
Smaller than expected. Will keep.
Bought this as a gift, the recipient liked it, but the blue is definitely faded.
Not as sharp as I'd like
It is small... In the photo, they make you think you can fit one piece of salmon in one compartment. However it is not the one you buy from Sams Club, it is just about half the size!!, and I can only fit two broccoli in one compartment!! It is fine other than the size issue...
Nice glasses but I got a pair of two queen glasses vs a King and Queen. Sending it back and re-ordering. Hopefully the correct order comes this time.
This been seems to do what it is intended for, which is to keep moisture and pests out of my food - specifically rice. I've had a bit of an issue with that lately, and was looking for an airtight container that would also offer easy access. The seal doesn't seem overwhelmingly tight, so I'm not sure how well it seals yet, but only time will tell. It's a good size, and can easily fit a 20 lb bag of rice, and slide under the lower shelf in my pantry. My only gripe about this is that it's quite expensive, for what it is. Otherwise, I'd give it more stars.
Starter grinder. This is not a ceramic conical grinder. It works more like a high speed grater. The bin cracks. be sure not to help the cracks along. Replacement bins do the same. After more than a year it is still working, but the timer for my portion has gone from 2.3 to 4 ticks. I'm not sure how long it will take to do my grind next year.
I like the size and ease of use, but I wish it was heavier duty. I really thought it would have more heft to it, but it left my first batch (sweet potato tortillas) uneven in thickness. They're still edible, though, so no complaints there.
The pepper takes a ton of grinding to get anything, but the salt one just pours out pretty fast.
These don't hold enough coffee for an 8 ounce cup. I've gone back to making my own pods with paper coffee filters.
This turned out to be not as useful as I had expected. The small ice cubes do fit into water bottles, but don't cool very much. This is not a fault of th tray, but the physical limitations of the ice cubes produced.
Did not come with any instructions. I preheated for 5 minutes, then crimped bags for 12 seconds each to get them to seal (less time would not seal the bags), but at least half the bags still came open within 10 minutes. But, the size is perfect for me.
I ordered a blue kettle and got a red one. First time Amazon has let me down. 👎
I have the worst problem with meat thermometers and seem to buy a couple (at least) a year. Really liked this one, quick read, backlit, compact for storage. However the last few times I've used it it's been all over the board and will flash back and forth between 133 and 234 degrees-quite the range! All I can figure is it got water in it through the speaker holes in the back. So, of used properly and you can keep it clean and dry, easily a 4 start thermometer with a long life together. If you are usually flying around in the kitchen trying to manage too many projects at once, likely a 2 star thermometer for you because it's only going to work a month or two. So I have split the difference here and rated it a 3 star! Give it a try, it might be worth it!
I pretty much only needed one but it was a great price for four, so I got four. Easy to clean, it's hangable, and sturdy. Vibrate colors.
It gets the point across.
Used only a month and it broke. I tried to be careful but it just didn't seem to work. Made great coffee otherwise. Sad I'll have to buy something different now.
your warm coffee will eventually warp the lid, but its chill until that happens.
This product worked exactly as advertised - for about 3 months. It is easy to clean, easy to use, but even with excellent care taken of the product, and albeit very frequent use, it still only lasted 3 months before it lost the power to froth (even after changing batteries). I recommend a different brand unless you only need this for a vacation or something.
The pros: everything fits in the tube, includes a poker & very sturdy metal The cons: it needs a spring under the cigarette pipe spot so it will pop up without me having to tilt it and spill weed everywhere, not a fan of the grinder, I smoke a lot so it's a pain to have to grind such a small amount at a time also if u take the top and bottom off to use the grind function then both ends of the container are open so if you're using it to store extra nugs/grinded plant it's going to all be coming out The pipe is tiny and metal so it gets hot very very quickly especially in hot weather
It broke down on me after only a few months!
Far too thick to be really useful. I'm still using my old, more flexible one.
I had a jar opener like this and used it for years. It was great. When I saw this it looked the same. I was very happy to have found it. I had it for awhile before I actually had to use it. I was very disappointed to realize it wasn't. the same size as the one I had before. It's too small for the larger jars, which I really have trouble with, and it's too big for the smaller jars. The sizing was just off a little. Maybe because it came from a different country. could be their sizing is a bit different. Any way I had had it too long to return. The smaller piece in the set does work well on the pull tab cans.
I loved when I could keep it clean. HUGE capacity for working outdoors all day long - but it soon developed mildew stains, even tho it was washed on the regs. Ended up in the recycle bin.
A bit hard to drink from for everyday use I think I would get very frustrated and not use it but I baught then for traveling so the annoyance of use is worth the extra filtering of questionable water
I guess for the price it's not horrible but if you have the chance I'd definitely search around a bit more, makes quite a mess.
It looks great but I'm super concerned by the smell. I haven't felt confident to put food in it yet. I washed it a few times but it has a strong plastic smell still. What the heck is out-gassing?
They are just OK not great.. The ice is hard to get out and spills water when getting to the freezer.
Looks great, hols water, whistle only worked when water is boiling the first time I used it then it quit working
It's not very sturdy, prone to being pushed around - very lightweight.
Not loud at all. Squeaky. Not horn-like.
Good pan, things don't stick. One big drawback is that the handle gets hot. Put a silicone sleeve on it or be super careful when you handle it!
Purchased this as a replacement to my All Clad small frying pan that I use almost exclusively for eggs. This pan is smaller than my All Clad. The actual cooking surface is only 6" inches. Wide edge to Wide Edge at the top is 8", but that's not useful as a cooking surface. So, not sure where they got that this is a 7.5" pan. It's not. It's a 6" pan.
They are easy to remove muffins, etc but they are very flimsy. That took me awhile to get used to. I have to put the on a cookie sheet to keep from spilling in the oven.
The bento boxes are just ok, I like the bright cover's colors. I gave it 3 stars because they are too big to fit my kids' lunchboxes. I have another set from another brand and these are a little longer than my other ones, same width though.
OK for smaller bowls, larger bowls were not as effective but usable.
Love it!! However, extremely difficult to open every single time & I have very weak fingers!
After having it in use for a little while it's got a little bit of leaking. Does the job, but will replace with factory style grease for kitchenaid in future.
I bought this mug to draw all over and give as a gift. However, the final result is nothing like the picture advertised. It's really FAINT. Very dull. Even after drying and baking. Other than that, The cup itself is durable and great quality.
Smaller than expected.
When I first got this mug I was in LOVE. I loved that it came with a lid and how cute it was that you can see through it. However, it cracked at the handle after about 3 uses. There's now some water in between the layers that I can't get out. Luckily the crack is on the outside so I can still use it, it just looks gross when it's empty because of that water sitting at the bottom.
size is great, color is great. Received with threads hanging out. does not maintain coolness very well but for the most part still functional
Magnet fell off after a couple of weeks. Bought a new one and the same thing happened.
My daughter was so excited about the pink kitty cup but a little less excited when she opened it as it's not pink. It's the right code on the box but as you can see, definitely not pink. I would return it but she destroyed the box opening it.
There are things I like about these and things I don't. Pros: They take up very little space and make a lot of ice cubes. The ice cubes are easy to get out of the trays. Cons: The ice cubes take forever to freeze. Since they are silicone and very flexible, it is hard to get the trays from the sink to the freezer without spilling (even with the lids on). I like them and will keep using them, but my husband really doesn't care for them.
Nice price, but a few cups arrived with scratches
I have used these twice to make eggs for egg salad. They worked fine in the micro-wave for that purpose. Eggs stuck to the cups making them hard to clean.
I don't know how long these Fryers last, but I had it a little over a year and it just quit. I used it maybe 1-2 times a week.
Very small much smaller than I thought
Very hard. You could break a tooth on them. But they looked cool on cupcakes. I added edible fake blood and they were scary. Just don't try to eat therm.
They're good plates except they came with a weird white ring around them so you can tell they're plastic and not glass right off the bat. Makes them look super cheap which is such a bummer.
Easy to use but doesnt latch perfectly so slowly it will dent itself and make it even more difficult to latch closed
This does the job pretty well. The buttons are rather cumbersome to maneuver due to the lock safety feature. After you blend and want to lay down the blender you have to take it apart otherwise the blender will fall over.
I didn't realize they were plastic- thought they were glass
This product works but the taste of the food isn't what I was hoping for. It takes up A LOT OF ROOM, it's very heavy as well. Plus you can't really cook a lot at a time. cook book was not included either .
I love the silicone sheet but the dispenser is way too messy. I used it once and will continue to use piping bags from now on. It was quite a disaster though it seems like a good idea. I had assumed it would be threaded (like a screw) but, no, it just pops on (and off, and leaks).
They don't stick to themselves as well as others I have bought.
These are okay. They are very thin and not well insulated. I like the size and the glass, but they are not suitable for very hot beverages like coffee. I would reserve it for teas and colder instead.
took over a month to receive. but did like it
Would have given this 5 stars but the 5 plates on the top of the package arrived with a crack in the middle and had to be thrown out.
plastic, need to clean drip area often
Received knife looks like a great but came damaged. Tip was bent and the protectors were just sitting in the box like it was open already.
On first use, it would only hold Vac. for 24hrs. and with the battery pack left in, the batt. would go dead within the same amount of time. After removing and cleaning the seals of which there are two, upper and lower, the seal is much better. now it lasts for about a week. I don't leave the batt. pack in, just when needed. batt. are to expensive to leave in 24 & 7! Perhaps the problem is with the valve now. but that's to small to deal with, maybe it will wear-in over time?
My sister in law loved it! She is a huge Harry Potter fan and a die-hard Hufflepuff, so this only made sense. Issue though, my sister in law was stirring her tea lightly and the side started to chip. Kinda of disappointed with that bit.
Good product took longer to receive
Tried it once and leaves 1/4 of pineapple over and tool doesnt clean easily..
Didn't stay cold. Very disappointing.
I would have rated it 5 Stars if the non-stick coating covered the rivets and the edges of the pan this makes it really hard to clean, which is why I was looking for a nonstick pan to begin with... guess I'll keep looking.
Best used as a toaster. The timer doesn't run long enough to bake or reheat anything without resetting it at least 3 times.
This product has an annoyingly loud buzz, it is a sound that should only be reserved for fire alarm. It not a bad product however the sound that it makes is really ugly. Makes me not want to use it as often as I'd like just to avoid that sound.
Cake topper itself was good but arrived with only one mounting spike rolling around in the bottom of the box. Where was the other one? No way it could have slipped out of the packing enroute but it wasn't there. My husband was able to fashion some popsicle sticks into new spikes and we glued them to the back of the cake topper to make it stand up. Disappointed!
Temperature setting is about 15 deg F too low. Otherwise, it works well.
Certainly a size-able backpack style cooler able to hold 24 cans and 12 additional 12oz water bottles. (Large size cooler) However when packed to capacity, I did not feel the straps would be able to last. I recommend that the cooler is picked up by the rolled top rather than the straps to put on.
Not bad but definitely for beginners.
This product did not live up to my expectations. Not as robust and sturdy as it needs to be. Makes work seem harder than using a normal knife.
I was expecting bacon scented dryer sheets
Over all it works as expected. However, what I didn't expect was that when it was unboxed to see two giant round stickers were stuck to the burners. It took hours to scrape them off and it felt like an exercise in futility. I am not sure why they would've done that and stuck them on the burners but it was a terrible idea and required so much work to get them off for that reason alone I would not recommend this
Pump bottles worked fine. Pump was a bit tall once inserted in the bottle. Clean up was a horror. I washed, and pumped hot water repeatedly to clean, but ketchup would not come out of the crevice of the pump:)
docking one star because of all the fake reviews. that said, if this product holds up and is not a drain on the battery, it is a good product
I purchased this as a gift so I cannot say anything about the operation, but the one I received you could tell had been removed from its package so it was most likely used. Because of the timelines to ship it to destination I checked to ensure it charged and shipped it out. Hopefully it works. I did contact the selling company and ey would have replaced it, however I needed to get it mailed. Keeping my fingers crossed that it works correctly when they open it.
Much smaller than expected
I had to scrub pretty had to get the tray clean after cooking a roast in the basket.
Sometimes doesn't seal properly.
Very clean Looking product. Only real complaint is how flimsy they are.
These glasses state that they are 9.75 oz -- they are only 8oz -- very disappointed.
I purchased the mixing glasses with no designs. I think they may be quite different than the others. Not sturdy at all. When I stir it wiggles around, the base is thin as is the rest of the glass which is never good. I haven't broken them after one weekend service shift but I feel it's a matter of time. Practically they work fine except for the weak and thing base. Size is okay and the pour spout works surprisingly well. They don't look bad but there are higher quality out there for a similar price.
If you have the bowl on the machine, the bowl handle doesn't allow the cover to come down over the back of machine completely
I thought this was such a great deal! I loved the units themselves, but after using for 2 days realized there is no way to turn them off. The display stays on and the only way to turn off is to remove the battery :( this means that I will probably exceed the cost of these within a few months by having to replace the battery all the time
They look really pretty, but they're very thin. Also there was a few cracked ones.
Have only hand washed them and the colors faded! For the price I don't think I would purchase again
Don't know why I can't get this item shipped to my location in US, anymore by the lower priced seller.
First off, it reads dead on. It's easy to use...but it's a bit flimsy. I used it twice, took it back in the house and noticed the metal probe was no bent in the plastic housing off to one side. How the heck does that happen? It still works though and it was cheap.
Meh, I prefer the paper wrapped cheapos that come with takeout over these.
I'll keep them because they look cute and aren't too bad, but using it for coarse pink salt - not exactly a "one hand" job in my opinion. At least not always. The biggest salt piece are really hard to grind with this thing, and it leaves sprinkles everywhere you put it. Should come with a base to put them in to avoid that - like other sellers do.
Although the coffee was great, it took too much time to clean and dry to make another cup.
A little dented and missing a few chunks.
When I made 1/4 lb. burgers they were the size of sliders. It is easy to use and handy just would like bigger burger size.
Too long to be Practical for the kitchen
The product seems like it will be great to use. Ours came with some scratches and scrap marks even though it said new and for the price that wasn't something I was happy with.. Will post once i decide how it works for us..
It's a great size. Lost 2 stars for only being able to hold cold food. It doesn't tell you that in the product information so I wanted to include in review
Got dull very quickly, within just a few uses
It is not hard to disassemble but it truly is a pain! Was not able to do the sweet potato french fries 100% of the time which is why I purchased this item. I will keep it as I will use for other things.
This product has a very competitive price and it arrived safely, on time and exactly as pictured. It is a beautiful pressure cooker. However, it does not work well at all on our halogen stove top. It has a large graduated depression in the bottom, so the heat doesn't reach most of the base. I should have paid much closer attention to the stove top detail in the listing... We have now purchased a single electric burner to try to fit up inside the indentation in the bottom. It still won't reach the very middle because of the conical shape of the indentation, but hopefully it will work...
This is my third blender by Braun. But this time the small chopper's lid has broken that has never happened before, and I was surprised that the warranty covers only the motor of a blender. The price for a replacement lid is almost the same as the price for the whole chopper attachment.
This is my first ever air fryer. I love it! Cooks my food just like it's been fried and leaves the food moist and tender. The only thing I do not like about this product is the handle won't latch into the pan correctly and food is getting stuck to the basket part. I've had for a month now, so I'm disappointed those features didn't last long. But otherwise works well.
good quality, but not so easy to use. To chop an onion I had to cut it to size then hit it hard
It is fine. Really only fits one bulb.
different sizes were nice - but the grooves need to be deeper
Very thin, stuff burns all the time especially cookies, would i recommend, no, spend a litlle more and dont waste your time, there,s better products out there than this and wont cost that much more. You put it in the dishwasher and kiss it goodbye.
The lid leaks when closed, leaks around rim when drinking
Works well but will destroy a real wood cork.
Easy cooking and clean up. I just thought they wpuld be a little bit larger
They are way too thin.. I had to put at least three together for them to keep my lunch fresh, if I put them separate they will lose the temperature way to quick..
Very flimsy. Probably okay for home use but not for commercial use. They look beautiful but way too flimsy
Too small for the majority of my frittata recipes.
I've had it for 2 years and it worked perfectly until a few months ago. I started to notice it is no longer keeping food warm, after it used to keep food piping hot for hours.
I wound up returning these because in spite of what the ad said, they won't fit the Yeti-style (Sam's Club brand, etc.) insulated tumbler lids with the silicone sleeves on. Otherwise, they seemed to be nicely made.
I bought these so my grandkids could use them with play dough and clay. They work great for this and they have lots of fun. The downside is I just found a comparable product made the same for 1/4 of the price.
Functionally very pleased with blender and the attachments. Sad though the red paint did not tolerate the top rack of the dishwasher.
Easy to use, easy to clean....I like the Pastry mat, however, it does have a little slip to it on my counter top. It was not as large as I thought it would be but I would recommend this product.
Wanted to organize my kitchen pantry. I realized I didn't need all of these containers. Additionally, they are smaller then I elected. The larger ones don't hold a full box of cereal. Now I have several additional containers to find some place to store.
I did not like the impossible to remove sticker on the inside bottom of storage containers. Plus one came chipped at the edge which made it impossible to use safely so it went in the recycle bin. Not sure I would buy again.
Haven't got a good egg it off it yet, I guess when I get the technique down I'll change my review. Until then I'm running eggs over here
We ordered these and they came in flimsy packaging, barely wrapped in bubble wrap. It's a miracle they made it in one piece. Also, the picture shows plain glasses, but we received ones that were pebbled/beveled on the outside. I realized this mistake after I had already thrown away the box they came in, or else I would have returned them.
my cup arrived Brocken with a big crack on the lid. now my food no longer stays warm. I bout one of these last week it was good and very warm when my food was inside. this cup with a crack was cold when I got to lunch time. I don't recommend this product so buy at your own risk.
Not great with onions, maybe tomatoes?
No funnel with my purchase! Now I have to go out and buy one and hopefully a store will have one this size!
This product is great, works great loved mine. The reason for only 3 stars is it tipped off, of a coffee table fell about a foot onto a carpeted floor and shattered into a hundred pieces or so. It's glass I understand it isn't bullet proof, and I love that it is glass, but I would have expected it to be a little more durable than that.. So if you do buy this because it is great, understand that it is fairly fragile..
It's not summer yet so I can't compare how this keeps food cold to the igloo product that I had used for 10 years. But This isn't as well built if I just feel for the open space between the edges of insulation. I can tell that is where most of the heat will escape. The plastic fasteners (D-rings and such) are thinner. Sort of wished I limited my search by brands. I think Amazon missed the mark on their “Best Choice”
Gorgeous glasses but I've had them for less than one week and one already shattered. :( I've had glasses from Ikea that have lasted years and cost substantially less.
We had great success with the product. Used these for a pork barbecue fundraiser - containers were for baked beans. Only problem was that there were fewer lids than containers. Package says 100 but they were 2-5 lids short in each pack. Luckily we only needed 330 and ordered 400. But be careful.
The large chopping blade broke after 3 uses. Other blades are still working well.
I liked this product but it stopped working after a few months.
I have had these for about 6 months. They are sharp and have stayed sharp. However, the color began to wear off.
I bought this to replace a 10 year old similar model that had developed cracks. The new one is noisier, and doesn't seem as well made. It does keep the same base sizing as the old model, so I can use the old motor base, blender jar and processor blade as back ups for the new one in case they break. The new motor housing looks like shiny stainless, but it is actually plastic. Time will tell if it lasts as long.
I bought this because I wanted to have espresso at home. It works ok, just very hard to press the hot water through. I am 67 and I don't have the strength in my hands needed to use this. And I've burned myself a few times putting it together.
Mart Hold I thought it was going to do/be
Not as strong as the ones we had before.
I bought this for a continuous brew kombucha tea container. When it arrived today it was so nice that I decided to use it to keep a cool summer beverage on the counter to cut down on opening the fridge so often. I'm ordering another one for the kombucha. It hardly takes up any counter space and looks great. UPDATE The spigot started leaking right away. I took off 2 stars for the cheap spigot and the cost and hassle of replacing it.
These are far smaller than your average soup spoons. I cant find a use for them so I returned my set as soon as they arrived.
Not holding up for good non stick release. Only a few cycles and it already requires oil for cooking eggs. T-fal is much better.
All the reviews said it had a small footprint and was the greatest toaster ever. Just about every toaster I've had was smaller than this one. It makes okay toast.
The cube tray are great. The circle ice cubes are hard to get out of the tray and hard to fill up with water.
Good for a long car trip. Does not work when car is off. Most of the time a cooler is a better option.
I ordered a qty of 2 and only received a qty of 1. I returned the product for a replacement with the right qty. The replace delivery came recently and was only a qty of 1. Can Amazon please ship me the second unit I paid for?
I like the whitened sounds of the covers, it matched my kitchen deco great! However, they are not stain resistant at all, so my first night cooking spaghetti they got splattered and now have stains. I tried to remove them to no avail, so now I'm off to find something better!
Too small for a regular stick of butter.
We waited over two months to receive this item and have not used it because having to use another blender.
The clips don't stay on the hangers well and they don't open wide enough to a thick pants such as jeans.
Too small! Not 3 inches as advertised. I returned mine.
It did't fit my cupboard doors. It was the exact width of the door but I couldn't close the door as it hit the side and left the door a gap open :(
Good product but to small
It appears to be decent quality however it does Not fit the RTIC 30 oz Tumbler as described. It doesn't even go up a third of the way.
Good for a 7 year old. Enjoyed it.
It was just too large! If I were to drink a full mug of coffee in this thing, I'd be blotted and never get to sleep! So I gave it to Goodwill.
A bit too big for my personal taste but a great knife
So far I think these containers are ok. Each compartment holds a decent amount of food. They hold up well in the freezer and in the microwave. I was even able to microwave with the lid on and it did not warp. My only problem with these containers is that they are not made out of a flexible enough material and the lids and plates are prone to crack or break if you are not extremely careful. One of my plates did arrive with a chip on the corner of the lid. These seem to be leak proof so far, but in order to acheive this you must make sure that the lid is on tight. Each side must be slowly pressed so that you here a click from each of the tiny clips that line the lid. Press up and down the sides of the lid until you don't hear anything snap and your tray should be sealed. Opening the lid is very difficult because if you are not careful the lids or the tray will crack or chip. I have 3 trays to chip or crack since I purchased these containers. I like the concept of meal prep and these containers work for what I need for now. I do wish they were made out of a stonger material.
Product arrived in used condition, but I didn't want the hassle of returning. It works fine.
very pretty but doesn't keep warm or cold. but I knew that before I bought it based on reviews. i bought it cuz it was pretty. also, its hand wash only, that may be a deterent if you like throwing everything in the dishwasher.
It's a good little chopper if you never get it wet. It's not stainless steel it rusts. I don't have mine very long I've only used it maybe three or four times and the blade is all rusty. Stay away do not buy. Not if you're going to use it for food.
too small for my project
kind of a pain to install all the keys, best for small keys household keys don't fit well and keys with plastic on them don't fit at all. should offer a slightly bigger one designed for household keys
Works fine. But was delivered dented.
Odd temperature places on the grill. Awkwardly large with 3 different pieces. Hard to clean. Doesn't get hot enough to really hard grill anything. Hard to do rare steaks. Outside doesn't get done correctly
Overpriced, considering I was expecting 250 bags. It came in a box that was about 2 inches thick. I ran out in less than a week. There is NO WAY there were 250 of them.
That light on the bottom doesn't work
I really like the larger one that I got a few months back so I decided to get these 2 smaller ones to match. The smallest one is perfect but the middle size is warped and not round. I don't feel like returning so just keeping it.
Straw is easy to lose.
Great bag but way too big for an everyday lunchbox for a kindergarten student.
Although this pot seems heavy and well made, it does not really have any pour spout, just a small dent out. I purchased this to pour hot syrup into bottles but it pours no differently than a regular saucepan.
Never had a mixer before and had to learn how to use it. Really did a job.
Cans (in this case soda cans) get misaligned when they make the transition from the top row to the bottom row. This blocks the remaining cans and you have to manually correct the positioning.
This is a nice looking massager but what it boasts in aesthetics it lacks in power. I used it on a problem area and barely felt anything. I used different settings but I was not impressed by this device. You get what you pay for I suppose.
I needed some reusable plates, bowls, and cups for my niece as she went away to college. She is passionate about the environment so plastic was out of the question. I stumbled upon these made of wheat straw and was so thrilled I bought a set for myself for work! The plates are on the smaller size - but I don't find that to be a bad thing. Giant plates = giant portions = giant bodies. This was a great purchase!
Only buy if your spice bottle/jars or small. Would not stay attached to cabinets without being glued or screwed/nailed in door.
Heavy and durable. However the black started to peel off the first use.
Cups and saucers were fine. Spoons were shattered. Not packed well at all. No biggie. Have other spoons
The garlic holder is cute, but too narrow to fit even medium sized bulbs. Most need to be separated which increases the rate of spoilage. I kept it, but will replace it when something bigger shows up.
This is not the same quality as the one I bought from the stores. It is very thin.
Works great! Only drawback is the bleeding logo when washed with hot water.
The spiralizer itself doesn't work that well. It's very hard to turn the veggie to get it to cut. It eventually did, but it wasn't anything special. It was an uneven cut, and it definitely wasn't like a round pasta. It was thin and flat. I'm giving three stars because the veggie pealer that comes with it is fantastic! It does a grwat job and is far sharper than I thought plastic could be. I used it in my classroom to peel apples and it powered through two bags of apples with no problems. The pealer is 5 ⭐ The spiralizer is maybe 2 ⭐
It's definitely works and makes my small pieces of ice to crunch on I love it! I'm pretty concerned about the after taste, it leaves the ice tasting like the plastic which I can't imagine that being healthy. I can't taste it when I have it with soda, but when using it with water you can definitely taste it.
The Teal set is a lot brighter than the picture. Haven't used yet.
I feel like they shipped the used one to me.
One of the tops was broken when I receive this… I ordered two of them the other one was fine it's serve the purpose of what I needed them for without the top on one of them
Not that easy to use and limited on the length of the ribbon.
These were cute and worked well for the party I used them for. I only used about half of the items though because they were kind of small, and I absolutely used a different glue than the glue dots provided and would advise for others to do the same. The glue dots work, but really don't seem that sturdy and don't seem to dry quickly. They felt tacky to the touch for quiet a while. Over all though the price was good and worked in a pinch.
Really small and not sturdy
Like the style and size of board. Bought 2 for gifts. One box was damaged and drawer seemed stiff to open at first. Otherwise okay . The other box was only slightly damaged. When giving as gifts, it's nice to have intact box for presentation.
Very pretty, but over half of the shipment was shattered.
Sharp knife, good balance. However the plastic cover for the knife is poorly constructed. The “snap on” to hold it together does not snap shut. When the knife is in the cover the knife protrudes on the bottom. If you try to move the knife while is in the holder do NOT grab the cover! The knife will come flying out! Throw the cover away when you buy the knife.
Funny sign, love the idea but the banner is Not assembled and the kit includes cheap ribbon. I used a more sturdy twine. Assembly took about 10 minutes, would have been nice to just take it out of the package and hang it for the price.
It does the trick, but this is a very thin lightweight pan. If you are expecting anything else you will be disappointed. It is literally one step above a pie tin, but will do the trick if you are looking for a very basic flat pan.
The saying is priceless and the retiree coworker that I gave it to really liked it. The negative-its small for a coffee mug. Says its 11 oz, make sure that this size is big enough for you. From my perspective, it was small.
These magnets are thinner and not quite as strong as some that I purchased before. I got these because there were so many in a pack, but next time I would get the ones I ordered before. I purchased these to use in an art gallery to hang works on paper on a steel wall. Some of the artwork is pretty large and I need extra magnets to ensure they stay up. But I found that if I double them up, they hold better.
The gold ribbon and pill boxes are a darker shade of gold. I ended up using only the keys which are beautiful with customized favour tags and my own ribbon as the candy boxes were hard to fold and there was an ugly crease left in it after assembling. I guess you get what you pay for.... I would have purchased the keys only if I knew that this would happen.
It's cute but not very well made. Bowl was already cracked when I opened the package and it was too close to Christmas to exchange 😞 I would not purchase again...if it breaks easily during shipment I hate to imagine how quickly my 3 year old might break it.
Smart Ability The Amazon Alexa Skill is horrible. It sees the device as a fan or lightbulb and not an oil diffuser. The EWeLink itself isn't the best but operable. The app could use some translation help. Device I bought this one because I wanted a diffuser that could hold a large volume of water and gives off light and diffuses a lot of scent. Does this very well. The only complaint about the hardware is that when the light rotates between colors, there is a bad transition between purple and red -- almost a black split second which is distracting when it is the only light in the room. Overall -- I hope the developer takes some time to update the app (there have been a few revisions that get better each time) and that the Amazon Skill gets some love. I did alert Amazon about the issues and they said they would forward to the developer.
For what you get the price is good. Water tastes fine, but there are hundreds of tiny particles in the water after going through the filter. Ive ran three full fills in it. That alone makes me feel a bit unsure about the product and what is going in my body. All water doesn't drain through the filter due to the design of the filter, an ounce or so of water just sits on the edges of the filter at all times.
not as high quality as I'd hope. The edges of the plastic arent smooth (nothing damaging but just not as clean of a look)
Well constructed & I like the magnetic slide. Unfortunately, it does not fit the RTC tumbler that I have.
The parts are all high quality, but the hose is much too short. If this is used as is, the result is nothing but foam. Replace the hose with 14 feet or so of hose, and you are good.
Love the detail on these but only giving it 3 stars because the press to release button kept getting stuck and i had to use a toothpick to carefully remove the fondant snowflakes.
I have had this clock in my classroom for a few months now. It has worked great so far but recently will stop at two minutes and not continue to count down. The batteries have been replaced and my students are not allowed to touch it. Not sure what happened.
Easy to sue, could be larger,
This percolator makes a very smooth cup of coffee. The flavor is consistent every time. I've seen better workmanship on the assembly, but it will do. But as other reviewers have mentioned, the unit is not stainless steel, as a magnet will not stick to it. I just don't like when one of the main attributes I was looking for is a complete lie
Quality seems pretty good, but the stopper is too narrow for some bottles and slowly let's the gas out.
I love the Fit & Fresh Lunch bags. However, this bag is really big. I was hoping to lighten my bags as I walk into work, so this didn't help. But I won't take away from the bag itself. I love the containers and the compartments. Good bag. Just big.
I gifted this to someone and thankfully they are one of those weirdos that like a soft, just barely cooked waffle. I got it because the 20+ year old waffle maker we had finally died. Old waffle maker got it perfectly brown and crispy in 10 mins. This one just doesn't cut it for a crispy waffle enthusiast. This review is for all the normal people that like a deep golden brown strong crispy outer layer waffle. If you're normal and like a nice strong crunch when biting into a waffle, look elseware. I had a waffle cooking for a solid 25 mins and it did not brown well and had no crunch. It did cook evenly and was all the same color, but it seems it simply does not get hot enough to get nice and crispy in a reasonable amount of time. To get it to an even dark golden brown with a good crunch, it would need at least 40 mins. Spend more money and get a higher quality iron.
did not work as advertised
they are okay but I wish that the center posts were slightly taller as this makes a far better donut
Worked fine until I ordered replacement bags. Now it won't vacuum. VERY dissappointed
Seems to be of good quality, operates well with constant use after a month, and I like the 'window' on the side (not like some, under the handle for Pete's sake!). But the buttons (blessedly only two) are minute and hard to center and press. I'm a guy, with iron fingernails, so I manage (in somewhat ungainly fashion), but just using the fleshy ends of my fingers is a spasm of jabbing and poking and swearing. I've had many others, and all easier to use (especially in dim light without my specs.
Quality is great but package is bad, no any wrap when I open the box. Bought same item from other suppliers, all I got with sealed plastic package inside.
I think they really need to flip the headline around I was very underwhelmed with the poor edge on these knives that required me to hone them right out of the box. I was even more annoyed when after explaining I had honed them to customer service they wanted a picture of the rolled edges that I had just repaired. Don't get me wrong these are beautiful which is the only reason they got 3 stars instead of 1 or 2, but I'd rather have an ugly knife that works then a pretty one that struggles. I'm 50/50 if I'll be returning them or taking the time to finish them the way the company had promised they already would be. The pairing knife has such a bad edge it could barely make it through an apple. At least the chefs knife that arrived today was a little better finished and time will tell if I do keep them if they will actually hold an edge or if that is once again a case of over promise under deliver.
Construction quality seems good, but i do not always get sugar out of it when dispenser is tipped over. Unfortunately, i am shopping for a traditional dispenser now.
The reason for only three stars really came down to two things: 1. It came with NO instructions. Thankfully I read the reviews to know that I needed a coffee stirrer size straw to blow the letters up. However, I didn't know anything else. I assumed you pulled the blue tabs at the bottom out because I thought it looked strange with them hanging out. Nope- do not do this. Your letters will deflate. So I had to blow each letter up again and then tape the bottoms to keep them from deflating. Would have been nice to get some instructions so I could have avoided all these extra steps. 2. It came with an extra C instead of a G. Thankfully it was still funny without the G but I would have been screwed if it were any other letter. Overall, with some extra time, it all worked out and my best friend loved it. But I feel like some instructions should definitely be included and they should be more careful about including all the right letters.
I was really excited to put them to use but sadly they do not fit all 12 oz bottles. If your bottles are slim you will probably like. Will be returning.
Basic and functional but the adhesive doesn't hold up well in the long term. I only holds my Sony headphones on it and after a few couple months the adhesion is starting to lose its grip so I decided to drill it and put a screw through the top and side to make it permanent. Haven done that, it's a 4 star plastic product but since it doesn't come with screw holes and just those adhesive squares that don't hold up after long it is 3 stars.
5 of them arrived broken, but after reading some of the reviews, I should have anticipated that. The remaining hars are still good and functional.
This lunch box is super cute, however the size barely fits a sandwich juice and chips without it being smooched together.
It's a sizable, decently sturdy pitcher, especially for the price. My only complaint on that front is the thin handle, which makes it hard to properly grip. As far as functionality, the lid isn't the best fit for the pitcher; the rubber around the lid's edge doesn't usually make a firm seal, so whatever you're pouring will leak out.
Too big. Had to get refund b
I'm struggling with the dispenser on this unit. I've had it for a couple of weeks now and have really liked it. The past few days, however, the coffee is coming out all over the place instead of in a stream. I cleaned it well today and we'll see what happens. If it needs to be cleaned that often tho, it will probably be a deal breaker for me. It does make a very tasty cup of coffee, has convenient and easy to use settings, and keeps the coffee warm. but not burned, for up to 4 hours. The transfer of water to the reservoir is a bit messy.
Wine glasses are nice, but the packaging was inadequate and one of the glasses arrived broken. I have 5 instead of 6. I contacted Amazon and they credited me the price of the one broken glass so I am satisfied. Note to seller: Please add some packing material around the glasses inside the manufacturer's box because this was damaged in shipping. Box is in tact, but sad to have lost one. Thank you.
I ordered a sleeping mermaid that is laying down and I got a sleeping mermaid that is curled up. Clearly not the same mold. I haven't used it yet and I also do not have time to reorder the item because my daughter's birthday is in 2 days. I like it, but it is not what I wanted. I would ha e rather had the laying one for the project that I am doing.
I like the size of this which can hold 1-2 eggs but if the egg pops in the microwave, the lid doesn't stay down. Had egg all over the microwave a couple of times already. On the plus side, it is super easy to clean and the eggs slide out after cooking. I wish the lid was more secure but I just cook the eggs in 30 second increments to prevent the explosions.
One drop and it is toast. Not very kid friendly.
Our napkins are intertwined and it's just the wrong one for us.
I ended up getting a food processor. I needed something for bigger jobs.
The bottom piece is quite thin. They don't fold up very well. Seems would have to make sure not to put much in each bag when using.
Way smaller than I thought it would be .. but still cute
Kinda small and awkward shaped bowls, not really for everyday use but maybe for guests?
This was my fourth order of the coffee which demonstrates how much I like it. But the pods in this order are much different than those in the other orders. They are so tightly packed that my Keurig machine struggled to pump water through them. I have "solved" the problem by kneading each pod before using it but I'd prefer not having to do this. Perhaps Paramount Roasters might chime in why this happened and insure me it won't recur. Thanks.
Not what i was expecting, hardly keeps the soup on it there is not much foam creating when using them
A bit flimsy, and the finger guard is nearly useless in grabbing the vegetables, so you really have to just use your fingers and be careful. But it does its job for a low price.
This product is not really made for wine making as claimed. Wine must have an air tight airlock. If you place the thermostat on the out side of the bottle you risk the temp going too high and causing hydrogen sulfide which causes a rotten egg smell. Because I wanted this item to work I improvised an airlock with a second hole to allow the thermostat to be inside. You can buy these on Amazon but need to work on it a little because the airlock needs a larger hole. Picture enclosed. Also, the rubber bands that came with this broke in a day, don't trust them.
Decent pans, but the coating seems to rust and get hard to clean. After a couple of months there is a large amount of discoloration on the most commonly used pan ( the large one )
I like it in all aspects except for the color. The greens of both grinders are much darker than shown in the photo. The darker one that I received is so dark that it looks black in color. The photo led me to believe the darker one would look more like the photo, which is more of a medium-dark green and would actually look green (instead of black) on my counter.
Bends easily, and I couldn't imagine using the can opener side.
Very thin. Still cute but probably won't have for too long
Sad that a about 7 came broken, but the others are great and have been through the dishwasher and microwave with no issues.
Love this fryer because of size. Need to exchange because it's hard to insert back in
Coffee good for a super cheap machine in a pinch. DOES NOT TURN OFF AUTOMATICALLY! Beware. Came without the basket, but when I called they said they would send it. Still haven't seen it...
worked did not last as long as the other one I had with the original machine.
Love the space saving design but its already rusting
This grinder doesn't do a great job of grinding sea salt into small pieces for cooking or adding to your food. It needs to make the salt finer.
Great size , wish it had a auto shut off or a default to warm after a certain time
I needed an extra set of pots and pans, didn't want to invest a lot of money, this set was perfect. The handles are attractive, but I've found them difficult to hold on to with one hand - wish they were longer, single handles on the smaller pots. Overall it is very attractive in the red, and a very good value for the price.
It was great while it lasted. Normal use twice a day and then the cover just broke.
Very stinky, like chemicals
Nice looking for a brown wooden table but smaller than than most. I've placed my orange mats under them as a sort of charger due to their size.
It would be better if it was smaller and I still can't pull it apart for easier cleaning
I used this first with water straight from the tap. It had a strong chlorine taste so I ended up pouring that out and using already once filtered water from the refrigerator (so why bother?) It also has a strong plasticky smell which is kind of off putting to me. I imagine that will wear off with time. Nice, well made bottle, you drink from it like using a straw. If you forget expect to get a wet shirt. Nicely made plastic bottle though, looks like it will last a long time.
Product looks to be exactly what I wanted but it arrived damaged. it came in two boxes and two wrappings of bubble tape. the final rap was shrink wrapped which I didn't even have to open to see that the product was damaged.
I like the coasters, but unfortunately, the diameter wasn't as large as I'd hoped.
Directions say use 1/2 yard per box, impossible. You can't tie it. Therefore, not enough ribbon. I had to purchase 3 yards more per box of favors. $6.00 of ribbon per box times 4 boxes of favors. Adds cost of my favors to 24$ plus tax. Not happy. And I couldn't match the color, so my favors are now two different colors.
I use cornstarch with this but the cake still sticks and its hard to get out.
I've had this for a year and I like that it's sturdier than other options but every time I put anything crunchy in it, eg. potato chips, cheerios, it makes them soft.
My family and I like it very much. Thank you very much.
I should have gotten a different grill...
Not very comfortable to use
Is nice to have for a reference while cooking but the print is a bit small.
Decent set, a bit smaller than I thought and one of the hangers came extremely bent out of pace. Would probably buy something nicer next time.
Cute but they smell funky. Also the lid is just for stacking. It just lays on top. So if you think it'll seal it won't unless you accidentally freeze it on
These are cool, but difficult to get out of the molds.
sometimes it would help if there were instructions in the box thank you
I've owned this for one year. The blades went dull after about 25 lite uses to make fruit juice. You cannot replace the blade and you must buy a whole new unit. The base/motor is durable. I washed it directly under water several times and it never failed. I ordered a new one but the power cord is too short and does not wrap around the base long enough for the cord to be properly stored (see photos). It is about 1" too short. This makes all the difference when you want to keep it handy on your counter top. I still consider it a good deal because of the low price. It is convenient, compact, easy to clean, and very handy.
I used these trays for seeding our plants under grow lights to prepare them for spring planting in our garden. They work fine except that they do not stay perfectly flat. They warp a bit. Since I prefer to water from the bottom flatness is preferred. The handles make it super easy to carry the seedlings outside for hardening before planting.
Wasn't as sturdy as I expected it to be, but I do think that it will last a pretty long time.
The trays are fine, just very small
Got this to replace one that the motor stopped working. I think I had gotten it wet when washing. Thus one has removable chambers, so motor won't get wet. Three different sized cups are nice, but having to use the largest one always because everything flies up over the cup and makes a mess in between the cup and the cover.
Great for decorating cake, but don't taste great. If this review was helpful, please click 'Helpful' at the bottom of the review. Thank you!
Not a very well made product. The see through "windows" were popping out of some of the tins. I liked that the labels and measuring spoons were included. Wish the actual tins were a higher quality.
Food started sticking after about 3 mos. already had to have it replaced once.
The item is very good. But price drops after my purchase, very unhappy
The toaster is generally fine except that lever and basket thingies only pop half way up on their own. I have to manually lift the lever all the way up so I can get the toast out.
to big for canisters but good for larger things like scooping dog food, ice, cat litter, etc. Also tarnished the first time I washed them
This would have been an ideal product - but this is a huge knock box. Probably more suited to someone drinking 10 cups per day, or a small office. This filled up most of my kitchen. If you have a huge kitchen.... then maybe it would still work.
The cup seems to isolate the egg from the water, and I found it doesn't cook evenly.
The crock pot looks awesome and the paint was well made, but the burnt smell it produces every time we use is an annoyance. The lid handles looks very fragile and that they will brake soon, so we decide not to wash on the washing machine just because of this. It maintains temperature without much change. It only have three stars because of the smell and the flimsy handles.
This timer was just what I needed for the first 2 years...Loud enough to hear in another room, found the longer ring time helpful as well...very easy to set. Unfortunately after 2 years of occasional use it broke! Wasn't dropped just quit ringing. So now I'm looking for another and hope it will last longer!
Not what I expected. I had purchased this item from another vendor in the past and it was abrasive enough to clean as expected. But this brand was more like a sponge. Very soft. It doesn't work when needed to clean something hard to get off. If you're looking for something abrasive, this is not it.
I can't seem to find a rice cooker that is even 75% good, and this one isn't either (I have gone through 4 in a year). This one makes sort of gummy rice (I rinse). Also, the lid is really hard to keep clean. Better to get one with a removable lid that you can take off and throw in the dishwasher. Lately I am seeing that the steam is turning into water dripping down the side and making a mess while cooking. I guess I will be shopping for another rice cooker. Again.
The base didn't fit onto my original cup. My unit is from 2006, so I know it's original. The seller was excellent and sent out a replacement free. The 2nd one didn't fit either. Knowing that the parts come from China, I knew I was taking a chance. Both were defective, however, the seller has wonderful customer service and offered me a full refund without having to ship either of the bases back. It's a waste for me but especially for the seller. I assume since half the people writing reviews are not having the same issue, maybe it's worth it for the seller to keep selling bases even if half of them are defective. Maybe take a chance and see if it will fit your cup. 3-Star review: 1 Star for product, 5 stars for seller customer service.
My dad really loved this mug but as soon as it was washed, the ink started streaking off. Pretty much a one time use mug.
For non stick this is the most impossible item to clean. Thumbs down. But it sure is cute.
The insulation is not the best I've had, but it's decent. The more ice you use the longer it's going to keep cool, obviously. The top doesn't always thread well, so be sure to check it before shaking or your beverage will be all over you. The top is latched with a little hook on the side of the top, and it seemingly pops off whenever it feels like it. Could be stronger. I personally never want to separate the latch, but I guess they designed it to be removable if that's what you want to do.
Way flimsy. Needed to use the top as a base so the water wouldn't spill out.
Product appears to be intact but was shipped in the original box from the manufacturer unsealed, unprotected. That box and packing were not designed for shipping. Box arrived torn and partially open.
Got it for my 92 year old mom, with some dementia. Seems OK, but larger than I expected on the outside, but does fit under the cupboard, so that is a plus. But takes up a lot of room on her small counter.
Tops are loose and don't stay on.
The carafe isn't compatible with my keurig 2.0, but the pod worked fine
Seems to work great however programing it is very difficult. No decent videos to follow and the instructions suck. The temperature seems accurate but I can't get it on anything besides Beef. Very frustrating.
To hard to clean. I had to return it.
I don't know if this the same as the one that comes with product but its definitely a lower quality. Not impressed.
These bottles are just OK, nothing special about them. I guess I overestimated what 16oz was and wished they were a little bigger especially for the price you are paying. I just feel these should be no more than $10 for what you get. I do however like the funnel that was a genius idea to include. Now we will just see how long they hold up.
Smaller than expected
thinner than expected so won't buy more for our event.
Seemed not warm enough to boiling my soup. Needs more time to see what will happen next
Product helped to keep temp and seemed to work well. 3 star as I know other way... Product does seem high for what it is.
Lots of things to like, but the mug didn't work for me because the handle slips too easily for my situation. Can't fault anything else.
A bit disappointed. This is Really small, a lot smaller than I anticipated. I will keep for smaller cooking needs but this won't suffice for my current needs.
Pretty but too small for the price!!!!
This is a very simple waffle maker. And it's quite compact. For our infrequent waffle making (I've only used it 3 or 4 times in the last 2 months) it is a decent fit for our needs, especially the size. Small and light. However, when making Liege waffles with Pearl sugar, it doesn't seem to have enough power (even on "Max" setting) to quickly cook the outside to a crispy consistency and caramelize the sugar while not drying out the center of the waffle. You can of course simply leave it on longer to get the outside crispy and caramelized but then it runs the risk of drying out the inside. Best I can do it let it pre-heat on 'Max' temp and get nice and hot and also make sure the Liege dough is fully at room temp (and not any colder). It mostly works but does seem underpowered a bit to me. Maybe a compromise for having the compact form factor. Works better for regular (American style) batter-based waffles than dough-based ones in my experience. Another thing I don't like about it is that the two halves cannot lock together. So you close the two halves tightly initially, but then as the waffle rises, it will separate the two halves. I'd like a "snap" to at least have the option to keep it closed. But, alas, if you want to keep it closed, you will have to either hold it shut for several minutes or come up with your own clamp or apparatus to keep it closed. On the flip side, it does clean up extremely easily with a wipe of a damp paper towel as the non stick surface is very smooth. A few months in, no issues with flaking of the ceramic coating. But time will tell how well it holds up. I'm moderately happy with it but I've definitely used much better and more versatile waffle makers. It's OK.
color is listed as mint but it's really more of a teal
These scratch very easily.
It took less than a month for the piece that hooks on your pants to break.
Warped in oven after first use.
It's pretty but not as big as shown in picture of girl holding it.
Smaller than expected
It is much smaller than I thought it would be. I am making it work.
I really liked the product, but I also really think it is way overpriced.
This blender is very loud, but it works fine for mixing protein powder with almond milk, or frozen berries for a smoothie. It does not blend ice which is a feature I wish it had. Affordable, but it should have an icy blending feature in that price.
I hope it could accept 4 growlers (half gallon). However,it can only accept 3 pieces.
One plate was cracked.
NO ONE LOOKS FOR IT CRAMMED INTO THEIR MAILBOX... IF IT EVEN GETS THERE ON A SUNDAY.
These are great only if you have very lightweight plastic spice bottles. Glass tends to fly out of these every time you open the door. But for plastic they're excellent
Item works well but has a poor design. There is a defect that lets water in between the plastic on the blender. I only realized this because mold has surfaced. I am annoyed that I will have to buy a new blender.
I don't like that the holes for the cupcakes are really narrow. My cupcake pan has a larger base so the cupcakes don't securely sit in the tray. Also, once I had all the cupcakes in the container I wasn't really confident the lid would stay on since it was buckling up with I held it by the handle. This is not the quality I had hoped for.
I was missing the letter D, which upset me very much! but I didn't want to give 1 star cause I was able to decorate using the other letters and it came out cute! They are really delicate! you have to insert the straw VERY CAREFULLY! 1 small tear ruins the balloons, obviously! :(
I love the product in general but it had a couple of flaws. First the top that screws down, the plunger sticks so bad that I have to get a screw driver under it to lift the top cap off. The part that you drink out of. Second you can't shake the bottle without it leaking. And the top gets super messy because it holds all the smoothie while you turn it. And finally you can't put apples or fruit in it and drink out of it with the lid closed it won't plunge down. Maybe it's not supposed to be closed.
Very thin but worked for place mats for a afternoon tea.
This item is beautiful... but it is huge and very heavy. So heavy in fact that the box it came in was so busted and the mortar was out of the box and swimming around in the Amazon box that it came in. I am sending it back. It's just too big for me.
You get what you pay for. However, for the money these are not bad, but don't expect durability. I used them and so far one screw broke while twisting into a cork. But for the price they are worth it….
Item arrived with several broken. Would've worked as expected had they arrived intact. Had to return.
Magnet could be stronger
You could have made them a standard diameter like 1 inch or an inch and an 1/8
Catches dust and doesn't stick well
It is pretty nice if you don't care about it's service life.
Several of the orange and teal cups were cracked upon arrival. The rest are very good cups. Not sure I would order again,because of cracked cups upon arrival.
There is no off button, so you must cycle through all three speeds to shut it off. Be careful not to make a splash!
I really enjoy using it . Note it is small ,which is great for single servings!
Was told I would get a gift with this order. Believed it to be mineral oil. Nothing arrived but the cutting board.
There were no spoons in the box. It actually looked like someone returned the product and forgot to put the spoons back in the box.
It works decent minus stars for recieving package opened on both ends.
Quality should be much better
I'm not crazy about the grey color. I use it as a trivet under plates containing hot food so as not to melt my plastic placemats. Because it's very thin, I would hesitate to use it under a baking dish that comes straight from the oven.
When not in use there's no spillage but when I squeeze it, the cap comes off and all my sauce gets everywhere...
There was a chip on the plastic making it less than ideal at times.
used these for my wedding, they were very cute however some of the little pegs the numbers go in were either too small or too big, luckily i only used i think 8 of them so i had extra peg stands but its something to consider. they are smaller but visible in my opinion. theyre ok for last min
I'd really looked forward to cooking a small turkey in it, but Amazon refunded promptly and I may try again if its available later in the year
The cookware itself seems to be good quality. My problem is with the lids. They have a lid for every pan except the 10 in. open fry pan and no other lid will fit. The saute and the stock pot are the same size but do not fit the 10 in fry pan. Big problem is they get supper hot if you are cooking something for a long time such as chili, stew, or sauce you have to use a pot holder or you will get burned. I found out the hard way. I grabbed the lid while making chili without a pot holder and it was so hot that I dropped the lid but was lucky and stopped it from hitting the floor with my foot so it didn't break. I have a ss lid from another set that will fit the 10 in fry pan and I have other lids from another set with silicone on the handles that I now use. To me it's real stupid to make a quality set of cookware and not put a little silicone on the lid handles. I would like to have another set in the onyx black but I will not buy them because of the lids. The other lids I have are from a really cheap set but they have good lids. It couldn't cost a whole lot more to put a little silicone on the handles. What a shame.
Ordered a blue got a red.now I want to buy another i have a potential war on my hands cos one of the boys like blue and the other green. You guys have put me in a jam
They are silicone and had no idea
I chose this coffee maker for its brew time, footprint, insulated carafe, and general styling. I love the fast brew time but the carafe needs some serious redesigning. It is impossible to get all the liquid out of the carafe. If it is full you must have the lid attached or it will spill and if you don't take the lid off you can't pour the last few ounces. Then after rinsing or washing it will not empty completely even with shaking upside down. It still has several mls of water in it after resting upside down on a rack for hours. And the coffee stays hot for a maximum of two hours. Very overpriced considering all of these negatives.
Haven't even opened package. Ordered this with other party supplies. All the other purchases babe two days before party as planned. These table clothes came three days after originally scheduled. Tried to cancel before they arrived. Once they arrived as well. This seller does not do returns. These items are not returnable.
Runner is shorter than expected.
The tip is too bendy, would prefer if it was hard like the handle to help remove things like coconut oil which is a solid.
Worked well for my 16 lb. Thanksgiving turkey. However, the black finish has worn off in spots after only one use.
Too light, not very steady when putting on the cooking bench. Not big enough for a big family. Otherwise, it functions well.
The tray doesn't slide in and out very smoothly.
I saw a lot of reviews about dribbling an streaming and then the ones about the spraying .. The spraying is what we want right? The trick is to get the pressure just right and to press the button down HARD. Then it sprays perfectly!
The gold is much better, and has a much more metallic and shiny finish. The gold also requires a lot less product to achieve its effects. But it does accomplish what it's supposed to, and give you some silver shine.
Like the size of the ice cubes but one of them did snap in half and the ice cubes are hard to get out of the tray. I end up just having to bang them on the counter till the ice cubes fall out.
Only one broke when began using.
Cup is nice and light weight. But when i drank hibiscus tea out of it, it is now discolored and has a weird blue tinge...kind of a bummer since i just bought the mug a month ago.
First, I love my Thermos and use it daily in the gym. That said, my lid leaks a lot and there is no easy way to lift the bottle with one hand to drink out of it. Other than that, it's awesome.
Took any more times than stated to clear out the smell!
It's all very nice, but it consistently toasts the top 1/4 of the bread/bagel/whatever at twice the darkness of the remaining 3/4. Even when putting uneven thickness items, like a hand sliced bagel, with the thinnest portion at the top to keep it furthest from the horizontal heating element, that thinner portion still gets over-toasted. I believe I have received either a defective unit, or it is a defective/inadequate design at a good price. Not a rare find today anymore.
This thing works great except the cap doesn't wanna unscrew off after using it for about 20 mins. I'm not sure if this is a safety feature or not but it did finally come off after letting it cool for an hour. That's the only reason for 3 stars instead of 5.
The handle is so long that on smaller cans you need to hold the can off the counter to have room to turn the handle. It works but there are other can openers that are easier to use.
I had to cut my chicken breast in half to get it to thaw quickly. But after I did it thawed very quick and all the way through.
When I purchased these bags I was hoping to find an inexpensive alternative to the high cost of a vacuum seal bags. Since there are reusable I figured I would give it a shot. First off creating the “vacuum” seal was fairly easy. Just hold the pump that is included over the hole marked on the bag and start pulling out the air. Once done you have a “vacuum” sealed bag. I put it into my sous vide machine and let it cook. To my surprise water entered the bag & pretty much defeated the purpose for “vacuum” seal. My food was cooked, however not to the result I was expecting. I haven't tried the bags for freezer storage, but after this experience I am not too hopeful
The quality is good but sometimes you have to wash a little bit for it to filter again in a good speed
This won't work without wax paper on both the top and bottom. Cleanup is a hassle as you must unscrew and disassemble the entire thing.
Too thin for cast iron, great for stainless steel.
Be careful when put them lids on. They don't all fit and be sure not to put to much force when trying to put the lid on! I thought they were going to be less flimsy than what they were. A bit disappointed.
We used it the first time to make jerky. The item is nice but it doesn't have the temperature adjustment other than low, medium and high.
These were very small, as some people have said in their reviews. It did fit Into my cupholders, but left space around the edges so that if something spelled it could still get wet in the cupholder. They are real pretty and looks just like the picture, but are a bit small.
This is really to small for my water found I was refilling several times over my larger one!!
Found unit at a good price and decided to choose it over others. Been having problems with it since early uses. Sometimes it works, sometimes not.
They arrived greasy, not sure why. But they seem to work.
Hardly fits anything. Good for a small family.
The links are rather large so I have a difficult time cleaning my cast iron grill pan. I cant tell if its not touching the food in those creases at all or just polishing it. I bet it works great on a grill where the links can drop in between in each row. Im going to assume that as I use it, the links will get rougher and clean this kind of pan better. It works fantastic on my other flat surface cast iron items (wok, skillets, dutch oven)
These pans work pretty much as described, with the non-stick coating working well. The stainless steel bottom seems to leave metal marks on my induction cooktop. I bought them for All-Clad's reputation for being USA-made, but THESE ARE CHINESE! I am equally disappointed that their origin is not clearly presented by Amazon
I don't care for it due to the size of it. I thought it would be bigger in size.
Not as thick as the originals, last a few years in light use. But beats buying new bowls
Much more shallow than I thought. I had to buy a second one so I could make enough cake to stack it
We received our order of this flatware - Wallace Continental Hammered 65 piece set - and just started using them. The flatware is nice, especially for a set of 65 that cost less than $2 a piece! It has a decent weight (not as heavy as I would have preferred but fine) and with only a few uses so far, they seem to be holding up in the dishwasher (no spots, rust etc). Weirdly as we were unwrapping each piece, all of a sudden there was one Oneida dinner fork! Wrapped the same way as the rest, but a completely different piece and pattern. (see picture posted). I'm not returning the set because for one, I tossed the box, but second, I doubt I'll ever have 12 people over at once. But I felt I should share this weird experience with any would be purchasers, just in case.
Smaller than expected.
I really like these utensils they look good and feel nice in your hand but the packaging is not great when I received them one was broken
This was my first pasta machine pretty good. Biggest problem I had was that the edges of the metal were vary sharp and I sliced my finger holding the machine.
Nice product as described. Poor customer service. Package arrived with one broken jar. I contacted the company about a replacement. I realize I could return the whole box and they would have exchanged it but that is more trouble. All I wanted was replacement of the broken one. I contacted them the day my package arrived. I included a picture of the broken item. An automated reply said to give them a couple of days to reply. That was over a week ago. Still no reply. No replacement. No instructions on what to do. Love the product, not so much with the company I purchased from.
I just tried it with cool water --- my only concern is that the straw does NOT stay in the slot in the lid. Please advise.
the timer has a too small foot that is difficult to pull out. it would also be nice if the unit was larger in size.
Its was great for a little while but the second day two zippers broke off. And now the fabric is coming apart the strap broke
Since I like strong coffee, I found myself having to pack the coffee grounds in to get the flavor I wanted. I have 2 other refillable K cups that do not have as much screen area and they brew much better as it is confined more. I used the same size scoop in each of them.
It looks awesome however no straw came with mine
It doesn't seem to hold an edge well but for the price it's a good knife and sharpening it isn't too tough.
A longer handle would have been great.
This is a nice, heavy pair of grinders I appreciate that they're glass vs. acrylic. There was NO stand included with my set, as advertized.
Very helpful. I haven't tried yet but it showed how many times/ ratio(food & water) to input the instant pot clearly with picture!
It's fast I like ,don't like the hot water is sticks and I've gotten burned a few times
The handle is loose no matter how much we try to tighten it up. It serves it purpose but doesn't do anything that necessarily would wow us.
My wife loves this glass but I am truly bummed that even when you hand wash this the paint eventually comes off... I really don't buy wine glasses to keep for show...
Unhappy because it came damaged. Have to re-order because it is non returnable. I hope it does not come damaged again.
Though it would be better quality.
It worked fine...while it lasted. I only owned it a few months and the screws from the bottom came loose as did the wiring. A good deal but probably a waste of money in the long run.
Buy an extension cord with it
A good size for an ice scoop, but it has a sticker that says contains compounds that have been shown to cause cancer, made in China.
Not as I expected, material looked very cheap.
The cost was nice. However, the hot is very good and hot, but I don't find that the cold side is any colder than room temperature.
The manual does not give clear directions how to use
I use for storing balms and tea lights for camping
These are fine glasses, the only "official" bourbon tasting glasses. I only wish that they were available in fine crystal like some scotch glasses. But they're so like bourbon; a bit heavier and demanding of your appreciation.
they certainly are small... Maybe smaller than expected. I think the value is still there considering the cost
My bad smaller than I thought. Service was great tho
These are good quality. But don't grip the food as well as Wooden and are harder to handle compared to wooden for me. I would not purchase again. I do like using them for precut fruit. Using one I just stab the fruit. Works great for that. Also, Great coffee stirrer.
As other reviewers have stated, The price is for one only. There is no option to choose color so its a grab bag and I didn't get the color I was after. -1 star It does appear to be well made but now that I know the price is only for 1 its not the bargain I thought. -1 star
This is the correct product, but I ordered two and only recieved one bottle.
The rolling pin is useless and too small, the other tools were useless except for the smoother and cuter.
we could get the same or better product at a cheaper rate in stores. online convenience is the only advantage of getting this for more money.
This is very good quality, but as a cook I have a couple of issues. I use it for tomatoes. The first issue is that the blade doesn't press against the disc closely enough to get all the pulp. Second, the fold-out legs are not long enough to sit over a large pot.
It became discolored after one wash in a dishwasher
It's doesn't keep drinks as cold as I anticipated.
Pretty cups but small to be 8oz. Would just order the next size up
It's small and won't work with my skillets, but I did use it to organize my aluminum cake and pie pans, so it was perfect for that.
When you sell a product and the description starts "Kota Japan Large Black Granite Mortor..." the consumer is going to assume it's from Japan. Not declaring (prominently) that it's a product of China with a name like that is deceiving. The quality is reasonable, it seasoned well, and so far has done the job. With China's history of tainted products the fact that it's made of granite is the only reason we kept it.
Nice material, but dimensions smaller than noted. Maybe I can wet and stretch.
It broke/ burned out after only one month....the plastic parts did not hold up
The openings weren't really as big as I thought they would be.
A little small. If you are eating by our self this is great.
Not very satisfied with this product
I find it difficult to cut meat on this board.
This product is a nice spin on a traditional guest book. It is very nice and sturdy, however it was a little smaller than we had thought it would be. Some of the older guests did have trouble fitting the heart through the slit on top also.
Machine is good, but the feeding mouth not at all. The style of the feeding mouth make fruits get stock between the seal of the mouth and other seal it have inside.
I used it for two weeks and I start to see scratches ( I used wood utensils and quite careful).
It served its purpose of keeping our drinks cold. The one thing I wish is that it were deeper so that drinks can sink into the ice as oppose to on top of it.
They arrived in one piece, but the biggest cat cup did not have it's label, and no face. Otherwise very nice.
Plates, napkins and cutlery were all good, fairly heavy duty and held up well for use. The banner is a waste - It's extremely short AND it comes in in pieces that you have to string together with a really flimsy piece of yarn - like string they toss in as an afterthought. Also, the paper banner triangles are super flimsy and the pre-cut holes aren't large enough or punched through. So you have to go through each little triangle and pop out the paper holes before you can even run the string through. Holes are too close to the edge of the banner so when hanging, if you try to tighten up the string, the holes break and the triangles don't hang anyway. Truly an unexpected annoyance and if it was listed correctly in the description, i probably wouldn't have bought this kit and just got the dinnerware separately.
Good for fridge and microwave... not good for freezer. The lids crack easily after being frozen. Just an fyi.
I am not sure if I like this product or not, how do you fill it with water?
Just feel a little cheap. I would have paid a little more to get them a little stronger. But they do the job. And for the money. Probably okay.
Meh, they are kinda flimsy and thin. I use the smaller ones the most, which are fine.
You get what you pay for.. this stopped working in 6 months; tried replacing batteries, open and clean it thoroughly but no luck.
I have a different Cuisinart Smart Stick and love it, but the whip pooped out. So I bought this one so I would have a whip. Not thrilled with this one - for some reason on this model, you have to hold down two buttons at once to perform a function - the unlock button plus the whip button. DUMB design! My other Smart Stick doesn't require that. Pus the attachments are not interchangeable between the two Smart Sticks. Typical.
These are good for dry food. If you like sauce on your meat like me then you're gonna have to wash these several times. Because it leaves a residue in the container when dry. The portion size are good. Size is perfect.
They are OK if you are looking for a shallow dish. In my opinion, too small for pasta......,maybe for a small salad.
Decent, but like some other reviews state, the seam on the holder can be a bit uncomfortable. One was too sharp and I had to file it down.
It warms but I would it like hotter temperature.
I returned them the day I received them. The pattern looked nice but they were different widths so that you couldn't really lay them side by side to cover my galley kitchen floor lengthwise. It would have been nice to have been able to buy 2 long lengths instead of one long length and one short length. there was no option to buy just the long length.
I wanted an easy to use, no pinch nutcracker, and that is what this is, but it has a few problems that I wasn't expecting. First, the opening is too small for a medium or large walnut. I have to push the walnut down while I pull the lever and move it around several times to crack it. It's too big for almonds. I can crack them if I position them exactly right, but it's not easy. I cracks hazelnuts beautifully, but be sure to cover the top with your hand, since the pieces can shoot out and hit your eye (my mistake:( . In spite of these problems, it's way better than my old basic nutcracker that made a mess and pinched my skin.
It's not too bad, pretty decent one. These are very tricky cookies to make when using a cookie press. You have to have A LOT of patience.
Like the details, too small.
This pan was very difficult to clean, in part, because it has a very rough surface. I have only used it twice because of that. I followed all the directions.
Only the large one seals correctly. The lid on the smaller container does not fit or seal.
... It's a little stiff, but able to do the job.
Bought this for my family in KY. Somehow managed to get two orders of this, one on Sunday after I was home. Was unable to complete the order early in the week so had my daughter finish it down here in Fl. Don't know what went wrong. Both were paid for.
Very cute but it's smaller and not as deep as it looks. Also starting to turn colors after a few months of use
When I finally got around to opening the 400 grit stone it appeared to be either used or contaminated. Of course now its beyond the return date. I normally inspect every item I receive, but I had been traveling a lot and didn't get around to unpacking the set.
This product is made from number 7 plastic. This category plastic is labeled unsafe that may contain toxin. I am returning the item
Much thinner than anticipated and does not keep coffee warm for very long
I love it for carrying cupcakes, but it is a little small circumference wise and most cakes are not tapered in shape.
I bought it hoping it would help with my egg peeling issues...tried it once and it didn't help
I liked this thing but the piece in the middle here rusts sooo easily. I had been putting it in the dishwasher , so I started handwashing it and drying it right away- that didn't help either. Kind of gross.
The bags tear easily when you put items in especially cardboard. Disappointed since they said they were tough. Kept them but probably wont buy again.
The jewels were attached to what looked like rubber glue from a glue gun. As we took them out of the box, one was stuck and unraveling. Very disappointed.
Very hard to keep selected cooking temp so I wouldn't buy It again to cook a whole chicken .
Super cute but the handle was on upside down.
I like that it double locks.
Maybe this was a one off issue, but the internal stitching was coming apart
So I wanted to love this. The concept is great but it def requires some twisting and angling to get the cake to come out. Not sure I love it. But maybe it just takes practice. Seems well made and like it will hold up.
Seems to be working fine so far. But!., when I tried to register it... the phone number was out if service & warranty website was bogus! :((( I hope It lasts at least a year. I would have given 5-stars if it had a legit 1 year warranty!!!
I was so excited to get these and one of the lids is missing the rubber piece inside of it. So I can't seal one of them closed.
Plastic; sweats on surfaces when filled with drinks and ice.
So I got this for my wife for RV use. have not even gone anywhere and they fall out or you have to play with it to line them up, quality was good just not gonna work for my application, so one of the kids will get it.
The canisters are good quality, however, the "cereal canisters" most certainly do not hold a regular, common sized box of cereal. I'm not talking Sam's Club, Costco or BJs. I mean a grocery store box. The package came with black labels - classy. Would have been better if I didn't have to use a competitor's pen. When brought to the sellers attention, they offered me a partial or full refund for a good review. I opted to give a truthful review. Declined the refund.
Chicago metallic rusts very quickly I hand wash also
It's very small. Able to squeeze 2 cups out of it
Much more of a dusty blue than expected.
Not what I expected, really big and heavy. I'll make it work.
Definitely not 40 inches. Good quality though
It seemed very plain and not substantial. I'm not sure it is worth the money.
Read about this in the strategist. Looks like a good product. But lid wasn't tightened so about half of the product spilled out. It is pricey so not too happy about that. Plus it was just really messy. Will probably keep it beacause sending it back in the saturated envelope seems like too much hassle
Boyfriend loved his gift. Too bad the chamber between the keef and sheesh broke a month into having it :/
These did not have the hole in the middle as presented in the picture. Also, these are too easily broken.
just as other reviews indicate, this is somewhat cheaply made and cannot handle frequent handling. Put it in a place where kids won't play with it and gently move the timer hand. It helps my grandson with autism somewhat. He's gotten to where he ignores the beep in the morning. Just as with any other tool, parental/adult support of the concepts of time management must be instituted along with the clock obviously.
This item works well, but the box had already been opened before I got it and any instructions were missing.
Has not been used. The drawer is quite small. Seems to set loosely, doesn't appear secure or to set tight. I may use it for nutmeg and other spices. there were no directions, a simple diagram could be helpful with that squirrely top.
Not really satisfied, color darker than I thought and very disappointed that they aren't washed and dry
We bought this one and the Bento box. They were both nice, but the bento box seemed more sturdy in how it locked closed. I liked how the Yumbox had bigger sections, but the Bento fits a whole sandwhich too so it worked out. With 3 kids under 5yrs old, the Bento just seemed like it would last longer under daily kid abuse.
Don't expect a huge variety. Comes with a lot of the same kinds
The wrong color was delivered and it had a large dent on the side. It's a little upsetting because it is a gift I had hoped to give last night, but now I have to wait. Update: got my replacement tumbler, however it's still the wrong color. I ordered turquoise, but they delivered navy blue, again. Still very upset!
A little flimsy and top easy. Would have been better if more firm plastic especially on bottom.
The handle disconnects whole in use-doesn't lock in place properly. Disappointment.
Super nice looking clings, but the edges curl and don't stick to the windows no matter what I tried with them. I got better ones at the Dollar Store.
It's cute, but I haven't used it yet. Still trying to get rid of the horrible smell!
Containers are great, arrived great, price terrible. Costco containers only single but half the price!
Lids don't stay on. I have to wrap a rubber band around them for them not to spill in my lunch box. Otherwise greet purchase.
My daughter loved this. But we had to reinforce the back side with cardboard because it was Flimsy. Otherwise it was a hit.
Not sure what is going on with the coffeemaker. When it begins to cool down, it makes popping sounds. Planning on returning, but will contact company first. Overall, it is a great coffee bean grinder and coffee maker.
For the price, I think these are perfectly adequate. However, I was expecting something that felt a bit sturdier. I haven't used them for anything yet, but just pushing the scoop, I felt like it would break with very little effort. I'm going to return these and try for some other scoops with a little more weight.
This works once the can gets grabbed correctly but that can sometimes be difficult to achieve. Not sure why this is so difficult but it is. Thought it was only my wife who is can opener challenged but sometimes it gives me trouble as well.
Really cute, good quality paper but.... the two unicorn masks it was supposed to come with we're not in the package and my niece was really looking forward to putting the mask on to match her unicorn cupcakes. Disappointed that I didn't get what was advertised.
Too brittle! Did not fit my plates well like before.
I've had a bamboo rack before that went black with mold so I got this as a replacement. But the proportions of this one, especially the angle of the top holder and the space in the lower holder are just off compared to the other one. The other one's top angle was more obtuse so there was room for more dishes to rack up there. Also the lower holder was a little smaller so it fit better for cups and jars. This one is just strangely too large... It's not horrible and I don't know if there was a way to make it clear with all the other available options on Amazon...
I installed these on the inside of a cupboard door (maybe not the intended use) The front edge is so low that when we open the door the spices tip out of the rack.
These timers are great to remind my children how long to brush their teeth. However, two of the three were broken within a week as they will fall easily if not placed carefully. Overall, at the price point, I will purchase again, but would like to see a bit more stability.
I just received this mat and it's a nice design and seems easy to clean. However there are a few spots on the underside where foam is missing inside, the largest about 1.5” wide. So if you stand on that part it's hollow doesn't feel padded at all. Unfortunately will have to return this.
It only heats up the bottom part of your cup, it won't go all the way up, so top part of your coffee or tea will be cold, but the bottom part will be warm, not worth it, I paid full price for this, so my coffee or tea should be fully heated, not half
Everyone has been raving about grill Pans so I figured I would get one . This has the best reviews and price . First of all this pan is massive !!!!! I didn't think 11 in would be so big but it is. It doesn't even fit fully on my largest burner. It's also a round burner so assume anything close to the corner isn't heating as well as the middle . I don't get the nice grill marks on my food as many others I know do. Decently deep as well . Not to mention- where will I store this - it's so huge ?! I've been using it For now but when I find a smaller one I may go with that .
Not as heavy as my other induction pans. Does not heat as evenly as others. I would not buy this again.
Either I am using it very wrong, or it's just not user friendly. I followed the YouTube tutorial link to the T, and everything was working as I had hoped it would until it got to the point where you actually put on the caps to the filled capsules. Once I was doing that the caps misaligned and cracked a bunch of the capsules I was using, so I ended up doing them by hand which worked way better. I think next time I will skip the part of trying to put on the caps by using the tool, but instead doing it by hand. That's what I would recommend if you buy this product. Also, make sure that you do this on a cutting board or some surface that you can scrape off extra powders that go into the capsules. You're going to make a mess with this thing, so if you put a large cutting board down first it will help you capture some of the lost powder to reuse.
Wish it was bigger and would be better if basket lifted out. It makes a huge mess when you grind coffee.
The ice smell's and tastes like silicon
I wish you could put them in the microwave. They are only good in my opinion for cold drinks. The kids have been drinking using them for juice and smoothies and they love them.
Not well packaged. Disappointing.
This is my first juicer. Works well but is difficult to clean. Pulp chute gets clogged with highly fibrous fruits or veggies. The juice still had a lot of pulp.
It's very cute but I'm super bummed it arrived dented. I really don't want to deal with the hassle of exchanging this. It's pretty darn big and heavy. Updating review, spoke to amazon and they took care of it. Amazing customer service. Thank you amazon
Using this to make sugar water to use when we have friends over or parties to allow everyone to add sugar as needed for tea or other drinks. It is a harder plastic than I expected. The handle was not as comfortable as I thought it should be. I had a few rough spots on mine that I addressed. It does come apart for easy cleaning. It does what it was intended to do.
It only cut lettuce tried it with tomatoes and avocado in bowl cut nothing but the lettuce
Very cute cups too bad they arrived broken. Couldn't use for gift, had to buy something else.
Well, it's ok. Pros: Looks pretty good. Seems like it is solid wood. I like that there are leveling screws on each leg. Easy to assemble. My kombucha jar and heating pad fit nicely on it. Cons: Kind of sloppy construction. One of my legs is not straight but slanted in slightly (it came partially assembled that way). They shorted me one screw so I had to find another one to use. There was only one predrilled hole in he middle, but that wasn't a big deal. Seems like it could be cheaper for the slap-dash construction.
Bought this machine in March 2018. I didn't get much use out of it. They were very helpful.
too small for my preference.
3 stars 4 channel timers work great; but unit is of limited usefulness. The audible alarm is so weak you can't hear it unless very near it. For sure not audible if you are in another room. Would be a solid 5 stars if alarm could be adjusted louder.
Save yourself the headache and buy a more expensive lid. One of my screws doesn't fit its nut (or the other way around). I'll have to go shopping for hardware
Sadly these arrived the day after my son's 10th Birthday party so he was super bummed, but we will keep them and hopefully they can be used next year!
Decent product only downsides is it will not fit a full roll of paper towels, and the rod that holds the paper towel roll is much smaller than the paper towel Center so it wobbles a lot when you unroll instead of being nice and smooth
I must be uncoordinated. I can't seem to hold the bread straight enough to make even cuts and I find myself oftentimes cutting into the bamboo. I did not have a long enough knife to use this. The blade kept slipping out of the slots. I bought a long knife but I'm still not very good at cutting the bread. Also, the spring popped out on one side and I haven't been able to fix it. It's sitting in my cupboard now. Sorry, I wish I could have loved it.
The magnet should be stronger as some stainless steel knives are not attractive to the guide. Needs a better blade guide
i bought since I needed a rack for a small space in my pantry. I think they are a bit unsteady so I placed them on the floor of the pantry instead of on the shelf.
pay attention to the width of this product. the picture shown is two of them!
The construction of the tumbler itself is really nice. High quality. I've had no problems with the powder coating or sweating. However, the lid is a different story. It's rubber ring slips from where it is supposed to be often and it makes putting the lid on difficult. The "flap" that closes the drink hole will not stay on. I can't count how many times I've picked it up from the floor and had to wash it before putting it back on. I could go without it but I prefer to keep it closed to keep my ice longer and to keep any bugs or my pets out of it. If the lid was better this would be a five star review.
There okay. I live in South Carolina and was wanting blue but these are purple, so not totally happy.
I bought several of these as I know they won't last...they're made in CHINA (ugh). But I do need a timer for numerous things, not just cooking. I keep one in the workshop, one in the bathroom and one in the kitchen. Until I can find a reasonably price one made in the USA, these will have to do.
not too impressed some drinks need to be frozen
They are hard to find a pen that works on them since they have a shiny surface. They are pretty and durable cards though.
I like the shipping was fast and item is usable, not as sturdy as I expected. Still I'm using them until they give out it does make it easier to peel, just wish it was stronger.
Works good and numbers are big. NO light so in a poorly lit area bring a flash light
I love this milk frother! But it worked only 2 month. It doesn't froth milk anymore.
I have used this to make coffee every day for the last month or so I like how easy it is and it's pretty quick too It makes decent coffee with the drip method But It's already starting to wear. The cup doesn't stay in position anymore cause where it locks into place is already worn down also it doesn't work great with k cups just takes a really long time to drip thru using those my coffee is no longer hot enough for my likely when it's done :( I still use daily just wish it held up better
The bamboo soaks up water and i did not like the fact that the infuser was so small and set at he top.
They work ok, plastic is a bit flimsy. Wouldn't purchase again
slightly heavier than I would have preferred but good quality
This bag worked really well for what I need. It fit everything I wanted in there and more. BUT the containers that come with it are very cheap. They break very easily and they're not air tight enough to prevent any sauce from spilling out.
Hard to put back together and falls apart easily.
The colors aren't as bright as I had hoped or what was showed in the picture. Not super thrilled with it.
They are okay, a bit harder than expected to use. God number of sizes but using them on bowls is much harder. You have a good chance of toppling your food if you're not careful enough
Kinda boring, but they were cheap...very thin
For the price this was too basic. Target sells a better one with a flap on the nose of the pitcher and some digital display on top. I returned this product because it was not as good as a previous one I owned.
Not the best quality one of them already was cracking when I received it. I ordered this to use for wood burning so they serve my purpose but not sure if I would use for actual cooking
Need to squeeze hard to get the bread out of the oven. I have seen better products.
Used it to make a hybrid Swiss meringue buttercream. Everything I heard was that high ratio didn't leave a greasy feel. Didn't quite have that experience myself. Maybe for a classic American buttercream this will work better
The colors are vibrant and it's a very sturdy set of mugs. Only thing is it's not comfortable to hold with one hand through the loop and drink. Wish it had a more comfortable hold as it's pretty heavy
Looks nice enough but was quite warped and didn't lay flat on the wall until nailed in.
These are very light weight..... but, flimsy as all get out. Would never buy them again. Just way to weak. Hold the handle and it flexes all over the place.
expensive but is what it is
The containers themselves are ok, flip lids nice. The problem I have with them is they are supposed to be salt and pepper containers but the holes are far bigger than the ones typically on salt and pepper shakers. They'd work fine for herbs, maybe even some spices, but you'd get a lot of salt and pepper with each shake if you used them for that.
Cool cup but it's got a mark on it. I'm giving it as a gift so I don't have time to return it. Otherwise it looks great!
I'm not sure what happened to my previous review. If they can delete them or what, but I did not receive my full 24 & the ones I got from the bag were dirty. I was going to change my 1 star to 3 because although they are not returnable I was told I'd be refunded so customer service at least took care of the issue.
These are super cute, but they have no handles. Most hot chocolate is HOT. Therefore a handle would have been nice.
Super cute, but while the teapot is amazing, the cups are hard as heck to drink from and barely hold anything in them. The teapot is cute and works great though. I may even say to get it just for that, if you are just wanting a teapot.
Better pocket clip and not shock proof. No longer works. Did like it but not spending more.
Love the many different accessories. The steamer/colander is very sturdy. It's stainless steel, so it can go in dishwasher. The dish clip is amazing. I've been using it every day. No more burning my fingers taking things out of the microwave. All the silicon pieces are easy to clean.the magnets will be a big help for an instapot newbie. My only complaint is that the springform pan started to rust on the inner seams after 1 wash, and it is a bit hard to reassemble
Wanted this skillet, needed it! But arrived damaged/production damaged.
They very sharp as new knives should be. I reused my existing knife block and most fit. After 3 cycles in the dishwasher I can start to see some tarnishing. Nothing like the previous set that had rust spots. I purchased these because of their claim to being dishwasher safe. Time will tell, I am hopeful, but I don't see them lasting more than a year or so. For the price, might be worth it.
The product came with a bunch of scratches. Very disappointing and ugly. Not impressed.
It's wider at the base than the previous version so it will not fit in the cup holder in my car. Thermal performance is ok but Zojirushi is better. If you squeeze orange or lemon juice, watch out for seeds. They jam inside the cap mechanism and then the cup will leak. I lost an MP3 player because of that
This kit was so so, the banners are not put together you have to string it up yourself, the props had to be put together as well. There were only 3 tassels and they were a pain to figure out so I gave up on those. The balloons were cute you get a good amount for the money.
While the product appeared and felt sturdy when I turned it on it was not creating a vacuum or seal. We contacted the manufacturer for a replacement instead of going through amazon because we felt it wasn't amazon's problem that the product didn't work. Well big mistake. The worst customer service experience I've ever had. They wanted video evidence of the product not working, and when they got it they told me I was doing it wrong. I sent them another video of me doing exactly what they said, and they made another excuse. This time I was using the wrong bags except I was using the ones that came with the product. Anyway, amazon was able to replace the item at no additional shipping cost. I wouldn't do business with this company ever again.
It's really bad. Very poor quality. I am very disappointed. Wouldn't trust it.
They are what they are. Not much else to say. Only I was hoping the magnets would hold them on the fridge. But the placement is wrong. The magnet is on the underside not top so they don't stick. so now they are just in a drawer like what I already had.
Worked well but glass broke after 6 months as I was taking it apart to clean it. I liked how cheap this was but next time I'm investing in something more expensive
Didn't fit my lid. Called Farberware and they gave me warranty service. Should have called them first.
item arrived damaged due to shipping packaging. negotiated price reduction and kept the product. Overall, it looks nice and works well. need to improve shipping packaging to protect product.
It does not provide accurate reading
The Zelite Infinity Slicing Carving Knife, is just ok! I was expecting to slice right through my competition brisket like butter , however it get 3 stars!
It gets the job done... and by that i mean it holds water.. does not stay cold as long as advertised. I had a handful of ice cubes in there at room temp (about 75 degrees) and the ice was completely gone in about 3 hours. Granted, the water that was in there from the ice melting was cold, for about another hour until it was at room temp. But compared to the Swell bottles, which keep ice solid for 10+ hours this bottle isnt worth it. Dish out the extra cash and get a Swell. Atleast if your MO is to have cold water for long periods of time. Cold water from the fridge stays cold about 2-3 hours in this bottle, so if youre a fast drinker you have nothing to worry about. But forget about leaving it in your car. But aesthetically, the bottle looks and feels great.
The sturdiness is great, but they don't hold much.
These are made of paper. They didn't have a stick or anything and it was kind of hard to make them stick and look good. They worked okay but probably wouldn't buy them again.
I tried to use these for a while but they were uncomfortable. I'm not a big guy at all but the string needs to be longer for those who tie in the front. But heavy duty
Not as sturdy and the lids don't fit as tight as Tupperware or Rubbermaid. I basically got them to store dry food for the cat in them and they're ok - doubt that I will use for anything else and would not order again for things that would spoil. I believe you get what you pay for and I will stick to Rubbermaid for my food.
The Quality You would expect for an as seen on tv product
I think I could have found these cheaper somewhere else. I thought they were going to be of more 'quality material'. They work for what I needed them for - but do not put them in the freezer - my bad - cracked the lid on two of these by freezing them.
they don't have a piece to keep them closed
This is only useful for lids that have no lips, rims or curves in them. I am unable to use this for my pot lids like I wanted. I doesn't have the width or the curvature availability for many lids. Make sure you check your lids for those properties before buying.
Cap for the mouthpiece is really frustrating to work with, I thought some of the other reviewers might have been too finicky but no. It's unreasonable to have to use so much force to open and close it. My protein shake splashes out when I manage to open the cap, it takes that much force. Closing takes just as much effort, except sometimes it feels like it closed but actually didn't so the contents dribble out.
They were cute but one arrived broken. And I wasn't able to fix it.
I really love these jars. I got some magnets to make a magnetic source rack. My only complaint is that I wish they had some kind of shaker insert with them or compatible with them available separate. It's difficult to always be trying to gauge dumping a bunch out or putting it into my hand first. Otherwise they are beautiful and very functional. I love the funnel and labels that come with too.
It was uneven which I'm not happy about at all kinda wobbly
These are not as strong as you think, you can't grind meat with this, probably tomatoes and maybe onions if you try hard. I tried with tomatoes first to see how it grinds, it was okay. Thinking that this was made of steel, I tried some onions and definitely have to admit that I was disappointed! I can't even crush them rather I was getting chunks as such and I'm sure if the meat is very soft, probably it just presses it a little to make some little cutlets. The quality is not that great, I understand that's what I get for what I pay, but I feel they could have done it a little better. Yes, as the description says, it can grind pepper, but definitely not good for smooth finish of the vegetables. The image description says it can grind peanuts, please! It definitely doesn't have that much capacity. So basically this is a plastic one with a metal strip inside, if you give much pressure, I'm sure one or the other plastic parts is going to break. I kind of didn't like it, but for smaller veggies and quicker chops to make some quick cutlets I guess this is a good choice, so I'm going to keep it for making some yummy cutlets.
Small and lid broke just after a few months of use. Liquid wont stay hot anymore because lid wont seal properly. It worked great before it broke.
Be aware that the mugs are sitting on top of a box.
Item arrived completely melted- not packaged or shipped properly. This did not re-melt well and I couldn't get the consistency desired.
This knife will rust and does not hold a sharp edge for as long as I hoped it would.
The air fryer works great but the handle on the frying basket is a big problem as it gets loose very quickly
way bigger face than what I'm used to. and One of the ones I bought the stem is So tight into the holder that if you turn it to read it, it adjusts the temp...
The measuring cups are OK but I found the spoons to be awkward.
Very very very small!
We love this product line! My preschooler gets so excited when she can help prep meals, this added to it. She's a veggie chopping pro after one use. The peeler however is quite flimsy and not very sharp. I understand its not supposed to be sharp like adult peelers, but dull blades are responsible for more injuries than sharp ones. It has been removed from her collection of Curious Chef utensils.
You get what you pay for. Beings that these were barely over a dollar each I can't be that disappointed. They look nice and do what they are supposed to but the lids are awful. The plastic tops are really really hard to get off when you go to refill your jar. I had to use a flat head screwdriver to help pry them off and it still took a while. The metal screw on lids work okay. I will probably end up replacing these when I get sick of dealing with the trouble of refilling the jars. I'd spend the extra money and find some different jars.
Maybe my microwave was too dirty to be cleaned by this but it was fun to watch once.
as good as the others but I thought it was bigger
I believe I attached it properly but when it releases the steam it comes out from the ears 'and' the bottom as well. I love the fact that the steam does not go right up under my cabinets but i'm concerned about steam coming out the bottom making the lid wet. I'll try one more time and if it continues then it's a bust! Ps I have the IP Duo 6qt
Great kettle but rusted after 1 week of use. Returned it.
This coffee maker does make a very good "cup" of coffee. It has its quirks tho. After about a week mine started randomly losing power. Thankfully this only happened once while brewing. It's not really an issue unless you need the clock and are using auto-start. I also wish that there was an option to leave the heating element on. I find that I'm always hitting the power button to make sure the pot stays warm.
Cheap feeling, used once and has a rust spot or coating flake off. See pic. I like the Kuhn Rikon knives, but this was not a good purchase even at 5 bucks and change.
Received wrong package I was sent 24 boxes and 24 cups instead of 48 ct boxes
Others have said, and added photos, of this apron with adjustable ties where they pull through loops to make the criss-crossed part longer or shorter. The apron I received was not like that. The straps are not adjustable at all. I'm 5'8" and they are very long on me, making the front of the apron droopy. I'll have to shorten them in the back before I can use this. It's just for a Halloween costume but I still don't want it to look floppy and droopy. Other than that, seems to be nicely made. Just be aware, it is the kind of material that wrinkles and definitely requires ironing.
its kinda big. but its okay
Looks cheap. Feels cheap. Crap flatwear. I'll go to Walmart next time.
Medium bag is very small. Bought to use as a gift bag for a birthday present for an outfit for a 1 year old. Cute bag and does come with the tissue paper.
Hilarious white elephant gift, but definitely not a regular sized mug. Not sure about the quality. I just took a peak then wrapped it.
The pink ones were okay but in some parts real thin like I was afraid I was going to rip it an the mermaid tail one is hard to use its flimsy an I cpuld never get the tail to come out right
Really like these glasses. The glass is a little cloudy.
These labels are large, easy to use, decorative and can be wiped clean without disintegrating. The problem is that there are way too many similar items- how many different flours does one family have?? Perhaps I should have read each one more carefully, but I ended up using fewer than one page.
Not as stick-free as I'd hoped. Excellent customer service.
It served it's purpose and then threw them away
Bought two ramblers from this dealer and the first one was great but the second one leaked from the top. I would expect a normal $10 mug to leak not a $35 mug.
I like the fact that it is very durable but sharp. I slice my thumb. Make sure to use the holder that came with it. I use it to make plantain chips.
I give them a 3 star only because they are huge! The smallest one was nice but you get these as a set. I returned them. If you like big you will like these!
What they said “6 cup” is not what they sent. I recieved a smaller size.
The vegetable drainer part= This works okay but I was under the impression I would only have to cook my sauce down a little while. It still took a couple of hours. Yes, it is better than boiling, peeling, coring but I guess I thought it would be a little less juicy. Perhaps it's the tomatoes I used. Next year I want to plan more paste type and we will see how it does then. I also see you can buy other screens to use to make a salsa style, etc. perhaps I'll try that but these tools are pricey to me. The meat grinder= I've only used it once but it seems to work well. - I already had another one I mainly bought it for the strainer.
Ended up buying another pan from a store near buy, for considerably less.
Great for the price.works well.nice design
I like this product, but the lid doesn't stay sealed on the container.
At first the knives are great but I've had them six months and they already have rust spots. Disappointing but i guess you get what you pay for.
The lid is to easy to remove. My granddaughter loves the size but can easily remove the kid making a mess
This is oil rubbed bronze, NOT black! Also, it holds a lot less than I expected. The dimensions are an inch or so smaller than what the description states. Otherwise, it's really cute.
It's good but it has no tare feature with it.
Picture shows 4 items,(small print indicates a 2 pack) VERY VERY MISLEADING
They are stuck together and is hard to remove them.
Fry pan is ok so far .Time will tell how well it holds up .
The only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is because when I received it, it was dirty and not attached to the thing it comes on. I actually had to clean it and use degreaser before I reattached it. It was clear that someone used it, and then returned it. Fortunately I grew up around tools and know how to clean them. It was a Christmas present so it had to look brand new. Thankfully he didn't notice, and got a huge kick out of it. Definitely a good bottle opener for any person that works with tools on a regular basis.
I purchased this from Amazon Warehouse Deals. The Nesco was to only have cosmetic blemishes for which I could find none. When I plugged in the Nesco, the motor was very loud. No owners manual. Returned to Amazon with no issues.
We like that it keeps the drink warm, but just purchased it 3 months ago and the lid already broke.
Works well but as others have mentioned, the handle is crap. We managed to get a few weeks out of it before the handle broke.
Wonderful concept. Give it three stars. The magnet located in the lid to hold the scoop should be stronger. If you don't get the scoop positioned just right it falls into the can of coffee. Which defects the purpose of the design.
trays were smaller than I assumed. But they got the job done and I am happy I can add on to them if needed.
I should have looked more closely as my previous hot air popper was about 6" taller than this little fella. It comes with a measuring cup and a cover that will shoot both kernels and popped corn into your bowl. We have tried putting in fewer kernels, but still all the kernels are not popped. There is simply not enough length in the tube with the rush of the hot air to give that kernel the chance to pop. The taller poppers pop each and every kernel. But it is a pretty little thing and can be easily stored away on a shelf the depth of that for glasses.
Looked like the original OEM grease only could have used a little more to pack in the transmission.
Shelves needs to have cardboard to keep the bottle or jars of herbs from falling over.
This was an on-a-whim purchase on Prime day since there was a decent discount and I did need a wok with a handle for my stir frys. I didn't fully think through how big 14” was but it's actually rather big for a two-people household. The initial setup took some effort - we are asked to boil water in the wok and leave it for ~10 mins, then scrub it fully to remove the factory layer. I couldn't scrub strongly enough and I'm afraid I did get some of that factory coating into my food. Wish this layer wasn't added at all - would've preferred a less shiny wok to open from package. From first use, stir fry did come out very well - mixing was easy and heat distribution was great.
These pans are cheap for a reason. They rust very quickly. They are also not nonstick so everything sticks to them even after making sure the pan is well oiled. I won't make pizza in this pan but it is is OK for things like frozen french fries (which I used the pan for). I figure I will toss the pan out after a couple of more uses.
It's cool. It does drip very slowly. Maybe my grind is too fine. I need to experiment.
It shattered. I used it to cover my frying pan and it shattered during use.
These are very decorative but not very useful. The holes are to small for salt or pepper to easily come out.
It works ok, but the weight floats a bit and doesn't always return to zero when the weight is removed. I often weigh things twice to make sure that I get a somewhat accurate weight. I have some small weights that I used to check if it was calibrated and it was off a little. Unfortunately I don't have enough weight to properly calibrate it. Also, it's not level. One corner is off by about 1/16" to 1/8" and it rocks when I push the tare button. I have accepted that I just have to hold the left side down when I use the tare function. Overall, I guess it does the job, but again, you get what you pay for.
They crack easy. Other than that I like them.
cute, too large for butter almost looked like Tupperware size dish.
The jar is nice, but it is way too big & deep. It is difficult to fit it into a lunch bag to bring to work.
I bought these for making gem soaps (for melting the soap base). I'm surprised the hot liquid soap didn't melt this extremely thin cup. They are VERY flimsy and if you even squeeze it a little bit, the cup caves in. However, it did work for the soap and I used the rest in my bathroom. I wouldn't use them for kids or a party though.
I purchased this mat in two sizes for my kitchen 1 1/2 years ago. They are really comfortable to stand on, but a little firmer than a previous brand I had. Still, they are very comfortable. I am reviewing now because both of these mats are getting cracks on the tops, which means I will have to replace them already. (Thus the deduction of two stars...). The one I had before lasted about 5 years.
Thinner than I expected. They hold up better than expected as thin as they are. We use them for trash bags as we live remotely and burn our paper trash.
Like the design, multiple choices from very fine to extra coarse, even a mandoline type feature. One failure: receiving container does not remain attached to work surface.
These containers are just ok. They are a nice size but the lids are extremely hard to get on and almost impossible to get back off.
One of the glasses was completely broken as I was going to pull them out of the box. It was too much to repack the others and send back broken glass, so now I've got an incomplete set. Really disappointed but the glasses are pretty and perfect other than the missing one. Would've had 5 stars otherwise.
I watched a demo video and thought this would be a good thing to have as I always seem to not be able to find the right cover for my plastics and sometimes I just want to cover the bowl without transferring it to a plastic container. I tested the little size over my cover cup and not a drop got through when I turned it over. It stretched easily and there were enough sizes to cover a good array of sizes and the container doesn't need to be round. However, when the dish has been in the refrigerator, there is condensation that forms on the outside. The covers will not stick to the bowl when it is wet. That was quite frustrating as then, I had to pull out the plastic wrap.
This thing does its job but wifi part sucks. I have tried many times to connect it to wifi and it will not connect. My original Anova with the touch screen was the best until the screen went out. This new wifi one never connects and the over all build quality is lacking in areas, the temperature wheel is so loose that I feel like it's gonna fall off. I will look at a different brand when this one dies.
I bought this for my 6 year old to wear during a spring performance at school and it kept falling off- we ended up securing it with bobby pins
I thought I can defrost in the same bag, but I can't. One of the bags, torn after repeating dishwasher on the top rack. Otherwise they work good
i got the container in a timely fashion but it was missing a snap on seal and now it leaks.
This is a tall, well built and good insulator for liquids. My only complaint is the non-existent well for the liquid to pool into prior to drinking. This is not a problem if you're drinking cold or tepid liquids, but becomes a real issue for hot liquids. Without a well, you're getting hot liquids against your lips without a chance to cool it prior to drinking. The lid design seems to focus more on leaking than drinking. It's great to throw in your bag and not worry about leaking, but then you have to navigate trying to drink scalding liquids out of a tiny hole.
Did not come with filter as stated.
These don't last as long as the filters that came with my compost bin. They also don't quite fit even though they were supposed to. I have to use rubberbands to keep them in place. They also get moldy fast.
Good product, but different sizes are given on description. The pan will not fit my convection oven but the crisper will.I kept it because the crisper works well.
The unit fell apart as previous customers mentioned. Liked that you could heat frozen items without uneven cooking. Gave unit away in hopes of buying better unit later.
These work fine but nothing magical. The thing that concerns me the most is that when I go squeeze the plastic arms flex quite a bit. Over time, these will likely crack. It was hard to tell that this was mostly plastic from the description and I was duped a bit by all of the positive reviews and Wirecutter.
There are several spots where the glaze is blotchy and discolored.
It toasts things. The numbered dials are wonky though. Set one side at 3, the other at 2 and the 2 side comes out much darker. You have to do a bit of trial and error science to learn what works, then, once you've collected your data, submitted your paper for peer review, paid for tuition, and published the thesis, you'll know what setting gets you non burned toast.
At first was really excited. They were great the first 3 months. Now I have one that changed colors inside so I no longer use and the others start to smell like the bottom is burning when I heat them on the stove.
There is a design flaw in this product. The “handle” are just metal rods that slide into holes on the side. There is nothing to stop or provide any resistance from them coming completely out, so it has been awkward and clumsy for me to use. I'm going to try putting a slight bend in the ends of the rides, to hopefully provide a little bit of resistance. I am not returning the product, because I need it, but I probably would not buy it again. The wood of the cutting board seems to be of good quality, although it was not pre-oiled.
Nice quality but did not fit over my closet rods even though I measured and they stated that it could be used in a closet.
Great bag, with lots of usable compartments. However on the 3rd day of use, one of the zippers ripped right off. I honestly wasn't being rough with it, the zipper just didn't seem to be of super good quality. Other than semi weak zippers, the bag is great. But the zipper is pretty important.
Smaller than expected
Others seem to be okay with the smell based on their reviews, but I am not. It's my first time to use a beeswax cover so I really don't know what to expect. Otherwise, this is a good product, but I am returning it because I am sensitive to the smell.
Box came clearly opened before. Did not include instructions, 4 kcup variety pack, 2 filters, or decals solution as listed on box.
Looks so pretty and ready for the summer. Unfortunately, it only lasted a couple months before falling apart. Don't even try to use the bottle cap opener, it will just break your bottle. It was no use at all. We had this in the patio and unfortunately, did not last at all. If you are looking for a temporary cooler or even one to use inside your house. Try this one out.
Some are ok some a bit small for what I wanted otherwise ok
You have to put the Pom poms together the banner and the selfie decorations together
It stated #2 for 2-6 cup coffee maker. I had #4 which stated 6-12 coffee maker. The filters were the same size. I wanted the smaller ones, but was misled into believing they were.
This would work great for baby food, but I'm not a fan of it for freezing breastmilk because the capacity is really about 6.5 oz. in total, not 8 oz, as advertised, which means it's not as easy to portion out as intended. However, the tray does allow you to easily get the frozen items out of the compartments and the cubes stay fairly well intact in the process. Too bad the measurements aren't more precise.
Hard to open. Still cant get the zip open
Pretty but tiny... Gave as a gift because it was too small for a but bowl.
Doesn't toast English muffins dark enough have to put them back down and count till 40 but does OK with regular bread.
Their not smooth where your lips touch I'm returning them
Doesn't spill but is harder than most to suck the water up through the straw
Received slightly irregular..a little damage and scratchs markings
These do NOT fit the Anchor Hocking 6oz custard cups. They are about 8 cm too small compared to the Anchor cups.
If this tips over even the slightest, you're screwed.
Paper looks nice, but difficult to wrap with it
I was so excited to surprise my son with this funny mug. When I received the first item it was damaged, then exchanged for another. 2nd mug also arrived damaged. The way they packaged the item for shipping is to blame. For shipping the mug is wrapped in a thin layer of bubble wrap, in a thin box that has a cut out window and then placed in a mailing envelope. I have decided that I'm not going to purchase again.
It didnt work for me, it would if I bought 2 but I did not realize that and I dont have room for another. It doesnt fit all my utensils.
This is fine for a lunch box. Fits everything you'd want. Main issue is that the fabric on front seems to attract dirt and grime. Not sure if it's worth the price.
So I love how these jars look on my counter. Unfortunately the opening is not large enough to fit a measuring cup in when I'm baking. I like how they look so I'm keeping them out however the aren't useful for the avid baker.
Cute but small I should have paid more attention lol my fault.
Had to return first one. There was no filter basket in it. Received the replacement today. The mug does not have the cap that goes on it. It remains to be seen how the coffee maker works. Black & Decker is a reliable product. The problem seems to be with the packaging department.
They are ok, but the monogram is off center on all of them.
It is very good, I just need a paper filters then will be excellent
Does not work on some jars
the lid fits snuggly, however it needs to lay flatly when tilted backwards so my nose don not keep bumping into it.
They were very pretty but not very durable. Napkins seemed old/stiff. For the money spent, wouldn't buy again.
I like the concept but not the finished product. One glass did have a bubble in it that was fairly noticeable. That alone would be ok but a couple of them rocked. When tilted one way they are steady but when tilted the other way it doesn't sit completely flat. Maybe not a huge deal but did kind of cheapen the feel of it. I'll be returning them and looking for something else.
It is more flimsy that I expected, but it is just make of plastic. It doesn't really compare to the version make by Evil Cake Genius, but not surprising given the materials and price difference. Had I known there were set notches and not a fully adjustable side, I would have passed on this.
I ordered the 32 oz bottle bc I try to keep my water intake up throughout the day, and really wanted to love this product and had already planned on which other colors I wanted to order if I liked the first bottle. However, I won't be ordering any more. I like the design as far as the color and the ability to keep things cold for a long time, but the lid makes it both inconvenient to drink from, and inconvenient to carry. Honestly, my water intake has decreased since I purchased this item, bc sometimes it is just too much of a hassle to mess with just to take a swallow or two. The color is amazing. The cup keeps things cold for a very long time. I put about 5 ice cubes in it and filled it up with water, and although the ice was melted when I was still drinking from it over 24 hours later, the water was still cold. BUT, the lid SUCKS. if you don't make sure the flip closure lays down flat when you open it, it closes on you before you tilt it enough to get a drink. But the problem with that is, if your holding the cup by the handle on the lid, there is not enough room to lay the closure flat (and I have skinny fingers). Which is annoying if you are walking and you have to have hold the bottle in your arm so that you can open it and take a drink, and then do it again to close it. Also, to close the flip lid fully, (clicking it into place), I have to put a lot of pressure on it, so I usually cannot hold it by the handle to do this, and honestly need to put so much pressure that it is even hard to do if I am just cradling the bottle in my arm. I pretty much need to be able to set it down, and push the flip lid pretty hard. Why am I not just using the silver screw top, you might ask? Tried that, and it leaked everywhere. , not to mention, the way it's attached is very annoying...instead of just being able to take it off and hold it, it is loosely attached to the cup rim, so loose that it moves around and you have to hold it in place while you drink, which means you need two hands to drink out of the bottle if you're using that lid, because the bottle is already almost too wide to hold with one hand regularly. (I have to hold around the bottom of the lid to get a drink without using two hands with the flip top lid). So the bottle works great if you are just storing it with water, or just sitting in one place all day. But it's not a good fit my use, which is to keep it on me at all times to stay hydrated while constantly on the go.
I like how easy it is to use. I hate the color My yeti is Hunter green and the handle doesn't match.
He wish I received does mot look like the one in the picture and was damaged a bit in transit: decided to keep it as it is still usable for now.
I did reach out earlier I received the Mugs 2 were broken to bits The orange & yellow The others We use and are very happy with them
It does not come with an egg pin to poke the whole in the end of the egg. I can buy one, but it said that they don't have problems with the eggs cracking. I have used it 3 times and all the eggs crack. I will look for a egg piercer.
Starts out good. As a SHORT amount of time goes by, it quits picking up sounds. Stops charging unless you wrap the cord around the receiver 3 times, and hardly holds a charge
Residual coffee dust ends up in your cup. Not a huge deal, but not my favorite. Works fine for making a quick and easy cup of coffee at work without having to worry about running out of filters.
Writing wasn't consistent. Hard to read some words. I saw this on other reviews and ordered anyway. Wouldn't buy again
flaps break off, some within days, some within months to years. Otherwise great
This storage container has a nice appearance and a tight-fitting top. Mine arrived with one small chip, which did not appear to have occurred during shipping. I decided to keep it and not risk asking for a replacement after reading reviews of other containers arriving in pieces.
It works but not as easy as I thought.
The overall product is decent but the quality is fairly cheap. You will be able to use it but make sure to clean it often and properly unless you want to have a weird and moldy smell for your shaker.
Didn't necessarily care for these bottles, seemed cheap with an exposed seam which also cut at the tops which already had frayed plastic around the threads. Worse yet was if you intend to use these bottles for something that does not need the drip cap beware because without the drip cap the screw caps don't make it all the way down to seal the bottle.
Needs a glass lid. You really can't tell if things are steaming properly with a metal lid. The kettle is magnetic. The lid and basket are not magnetic.
These are cute and work well, but I have yet to find bread large enough to fit the whole cutter. They are also pretty difficult to clean, but there isn't a way to make them easier to clean.
Clips are fine but the third party seller nags and hassles you for a review for weeks after you get them for a review which earned them a bad review
Perfect size for the instant pot but it leaks. I just use it one time and is already rusty at the seams.
These glass containers are mostly good and my preferred way to store my toddler's food. Until I put cold food in it, closed the tighteners and then it vacuumed sealed itself so that the lid indented and cannot be opened. I tried prying it open but nothing worked so I'm throwing it away.
Works...sorta. The bottle opener works for larger soda caps, but not the typical flimsy water bottles, since it is a bit too big to grip. The large jar opener works for a lot of typical jars, but not for ones with larger lids, like a pickle jar.
These are so small and really more like toy dishes than kids dishes. They seem to be very cheap with unfinished edges, easily scratched, etc.
It performs well. Looks nice. Grinds to espresso quickly.
Cannot rate this item, gave it as a gift.
This works well at lower temperatures such as roasting pecans at 200, but if you're going to bake cookies or anything at a higher temperature like 350 I would suggest getting a better mat such as one with the fibers.
Even though I followed the instructions to clean the first time burn off any manufacture gunk. It still sticks to the grill. Not easy to use as I thought
I thought these were big plates. They're the small ones. I should have just gone to party city as I could not exchange them.
Not as large as described.
Had to send back. Really gets hot and burned my fingers.
I just received these today and they look like they'll be great for when I'm mixing drinks. However, I ordered 4 bottles total and only received 3 spouts, meaning I can't use all 4 of them at once, which is a little disappointing.
The door handle is cheep, comes off when you try to open it. Have to open it from the top. And the fridge is noisy. But it looks cool.
I only cooked in it a couple of times, and now it does not work at all and consumer stated it was to late to return item.
Kind of unsafe in that I have to hold this in one hand and force my very sharp knife into the guard. This isn't like a sleeve that I could just slide the knife into and is more like a pair of pinched plates that I have to wedge and force my knife into. However, on the plus side, once the knife is inserted, it is very safe for storing in a drawer with misc other cooking utensils.
Doesn't grind the greatest. You need to put little pieces at a time.
It is attractive, but does not hold a block of butter, as I had hoped.
The non stick surface isn't good at all. You need to use a non stick oil for it not to stick. Hoping not to have to do this for the added health benefit.
I expected to be bigger size.but it is too small.
Meh I've seen a lot better than
I have yet to find any shower/tub cleaner that does not require some manual labor so I'm mostly on the look out for a cleaner that has an appealing smell. This cleaner is NOT it! It leaves my home smelling like I have walked into an old spinsters house. I have used the entire supply and do feel it does clean but I never once noticed a lemony smell just a horrible assault to my nose that required lots of house ventilation.
Just rcvd these cups yesterday and one came completely cracked ... nervous that the rest will crack soon or eventually ... was hoping I bought some nice sturdy cups that would last awhile but it's looking like they are not :(
I like set but the box it came all cut up .Sent it as a 🎁
These will work but are a bit shorter than what I was expecting. Most of the cups we use for mixed drinks are a little taller so these kind of fall short. My fault I guess for not checking the dimensions and just assuming. But otherwise, they're nice and they'll do when we use solo cups.
These are super cute molds. They work perfect for my homemade gummies. The gummies are perfect size for my kids to eat, I thought they were to small when I first got it, bit they are the perfect size. However, One of the trays already had a little tear on it. So I won't be able to use that one. They do seem to feel a little thin. Not as thick as normals silicon molds.
Good for the price, but falls apart quickly and easily.
Had this exactly 1 year and dropped today and lid cracked and popped off rendering it useless. Would say I used it only a couple times a month. I would have expected it to survive at least one drop.
The top is a ***** to keep on but other than that wonderful product
They're ok. They're gift card holders - nothing to go crazy about. Bow was defective on one of the three boxes - so paid for three and was only able to use two.
Love it and easy to use
Works well, easy to find tune. But if you're using direct to port a- filter it is very sloppy. You must hold it the entire time. Support is just to hold a little weight, doesn't put porta anywhere near output.
It is a cheap plastic ladle. It gets the job done but I wish I could have one that was a bit more rigid than this.
I mean it makes ice. So 3 stars. But it makes funky shapes not spherical at all. Shipping fast but that's prime and all Amazon. Make sure you fill it perfectly.
I was expecting something a little larger. I should have read more about the discription
Since magnets do not stick to these straws, I'm going to assume that these are made from aluminum and NOT stainless steel. I'm sure they work like regular straws and the brush works well too. Length is good, but I took off 2 stars due to the inaccurate material reporting. If you are someone who wants/needs to avoid aluminum by using stainless steel, buyer beware. And keep a few magnets around to double check your purchases!
Not reviewing the set itself (the wooded frame appears well made) but I only received 59 of the 60 jars. Not sure who to contact to get the missing jar.
Super sharp and cuts well! But the blade protector falls down a lot, which is annoying. :(
I bought this for use in my household, not in a commercial setting. Love the size, love the surface which doesn't damage my Cutco knives, although the knives do cut the surface. Unfortunately the board doesn't have 'non-skid' edges and the board moves on the counter. Because of it's sturdy weight and size, without any sort of edging or handle, holding it while washing in the sink tends to be cumbersome. Even though it can be put in the dishwasher, when doing a lot of different types of vegetable food prep in one session, there is not time for a dishwasher cycle.
Not bad but it's small for my expectations. Looks cool but not very practical for my needs.
I have been using this set for over a year now and these pans have not stood the test of time. First they are impossible to keep clean on the teal side mine are a mess and I wish I would have opted for a practical black or silver instead and second the non stick coating has scratched off in some areas making me worry about the chemicals getting into food and food has started to stick more and more. I love Rachel but I'm pretty sure she doesn't use these pans in her kitchen. I am now going to look for a healthier and longer lasting option.
Great inexpensive alarm. The only drawback is it eats batteries every two or three months. I use it now and again for helping reminded my kids or time my kids on various tasks. Sometimes taking the battery out and placing it back in helps. It is easy to read, use, and the alarm is adequately loud and not too irritating to listen to when it goes off.
Razor sharp, excellent for slicing fruits and veggies but watch your fingers. Difficult to wash the narrow handle manually because the blade is so sharp it can't be gripped. No stainless steel inscription on the knife or packaging. Washes to a dull shine. Good that the blade is so sharp because the plastic handle doesn't seem like it can handle too much pressure.
Very stiff speed control and makes a whirring noise on high speed, but it's still a work horse kitchen aid.
This has no filter inside and that makes the coffee powder stick together and gets cramped. Either you have to use a very coarse grind level for the water flow. But you get a very weak espresso. To get a good espresso you have to grind the coffee very well and all the pieces must be of the same size. If you buy your coffee alread grinded, that will work fine, but don't fill it up to the max. The point of measurement is when you close it and shake it you can hear the coffee also shaking in there
The device works as expected but the basket handle separated from the basket with a month.
So nice...I bought it twice! One for me and one for my sister! Heats and froths perfectly. Easy to clean. Prompt shipping from vendor. Packaged well.
These bags are really nice if you're trying to reduce your plastic use or you just want a reusable alternative to ziplock bags. These have a closure similar to a ziplock back but their material is better and washes well. My only complaints are that they are not dishwasher safe and the openings aren't super wide.
Good product, nice big sized cups. I make myself ice coffee for daily commute and these are perfect. I took off one star because the cups have some plastic smell to them.
This is a lovely little dish that I will enjoy using. It would make a nice gift. My only problem with it is the knob to the lid is tapered and so smooth it's difficult to open. I have to use 4 fingers or 2 hands. I suspect the lid might get broken quite easily if someone's fingers are very dry. That part is a shame because it really is a beautiful little dish appropriate for candy or nuts.
Works well for cutting cilantro and other small items.
Great little device to have for adding some bling to dishes. Again like most items today will the device stand the test of time. Have only used it once so far. Hope to get more use out of it in the future.
Meets my basic need.
I bought 3- one each for fridge and 2 freezers. When they tip over they spill. Would give 5 stars if had mesh covering to prevent spillage. I made my own with a few layers of cheesecloth over the holes.
Bought for our camper because these won't break. We like the thumb notch in the handle and the size. Coffee doesn't stain them.
First one had a small leak on the faucet. Returned it, easy process. New one works great. Using it for church every week, so still holding up.
Good product. I haven't used many others to compare but I like it and it was easy to clean.
It's a little small but it does the job
Needed this for a birthday gift. Arrived 10 days after ordering it, after I needed it to arrive, and customer service was very good with a refund. Pleased with them.
Nicely sized to fit within the Instant Pot for easy storage. The magnets were what sold me on this vs. other similar sets. DISAPPOINTING. They do not have enough strength to adhere tightly and they will not conform to the curvature of the Pot. One magnet was damaged, but will not seek a replacement as it won't work on the Pot anyway.
Best price 50 leis.. only reason didn't give 5 star as size of flowers in all leis ar not same.. some are big as shown in pics.. and some are small... still good product..
The lids I received were grey, not black. They do not close, but otherwise, they are great.
There were a couple of fans that had broken thread and did not work properly, but they were what I needed for my event and they worked well.
Ii would have given it a 5 star rating, but the non-stick coating is delaminating from both the upper tray and the inside bottom of the basket. This surprises me a little bit, as I've always hand washed and it's never been in the dishwasher.
Arrived just as stated
I love the tools, they are great! Work well and made well. The stencils are just paper so they aren't the easiest to use because you have to be very careful with them in order to not ruin them. The tools are really handy and pretty much any design you decide to do there is a tool for. The tools are well worth the price of the set and the stencils are just a bonus.
Ok but have an aftertaste when using with water
It was a gift, don't think they have opened it. sorry
They are leak proof, durable, and good for traveling, however some of the lips on the cups were messed up and the lids were also sometimes wonky. I ended up having to throw out some non-usable ones.
This works great, on my home made pie crusts. Friends think I have skills, but I don't. Very happy.
Very pleased with my purchase. The only not con: the specially designed trays: for bowls, plates...they don't work. This product would be 5 stars if they just supplied 4 flat trays as opposed to the differently designed trays. They don't fit any plates or bowl I have. And I've tried all of them. For reference I have fiesta ware dishes and also replay brand kid dishes. None of the bowls or plates fit in the weird trays provided. But I'm still able to use it and it still works good enough. Pleased with the available drying space and pleased it doesn't take up too much counter space. Easy to assemble. Very functional for use with window plants as well.
These are nice for the pool area, but they stuffed them all in one cup so the opening makes them look kind of cheap
These are just like old keys and fit our purpose perfectly
Love it! Just with it was big enough to hold 2 sticks of butter! I've had butter bells in the past. They broke over time and were never replaced. Happy to have them again and these are really nice. They look kind of old and fit will in my old country kitchen!
These really are great. The only down fall I have is it's so hard to get the lids to snap on. Otherwise, 100% recommend. Love them.
excellent food storage bins. would buy again
This product was easy to assemble and so useful to dry my cooking items. The amount of space i am able to save is amazing. The only issue was it barely was big enough to stand over my sink but good enough for me to keep.
These are strong and won't bend or damage easily. Polished copper colour looks so classy
Wasn't as big as I was thinking but works and looks great.
So far this grinder is worth the money. It grinds coffee appropriate to the grind size setting, is not overly loud, and is easy to clen after use. The way the bean container screws on to the base is a questionable design. It works but the threads could be cross threaded easily and I had some difficulty getting the top to click with corresponding grind size out of the box. Once assembled the 1st time, reassembly was straightforward and the pieces appeared to "fit together" better. The unit leaves some static with the leftover grind dust, but this seems common with all disc burrs, the collection container is easy to remove, empty, and clean. All in all, I would purchase again given the price point vs other similar disc burr grinders.
Such a gorgeous, whimsical set! Beautifully made. Pros: color is vibrant, smooth and even, no flaws. Easy to clean; hand wash or dishwasher. Fairly sturdy with normal use (someone bent the tines on a fork, not sure how or why lol). Cons: the spoons are odd sizes; one is very large and the other is like a baby feeding spoon. Still use them though. Receive compliments on them often.
This waffle iron is messy. It leaks out easily, which I expected but super hard to clean off once it does. It leaks through the crack in the back of iron where you can't clean. There is a slide botton to let you choose the darkness or lightness of your waffle but it's loose and flimsy. No matter which setting I use the waffles come out super soft. I've changed recipes thinking that was why but I get the same results.
Bought these to paint with acrylics. They took the paint well but were quite thin, so I had to put cardboard on the inside so the paint didn't bleed through
Returned because arrived handles broken off due to no bubble wrap only loose paper stuffed in a box 6 times the size of red stoneware. Lovely when seen but wILL rethink reordering it 'cause not made in France.
Loved the pattern but was disappointed to find out this pattern was from 2010 and has been discontinued from Corelle so it's hard to find other coordinating pieces.
I had my eye on this caddy tray for quite some time. I love to soak in the tub for a couple hours, and if you do too, this is a must buy! I love this tray! It also looks very nice. The only con for so far is that it leaves gray paint stuck to my tub where the ends sit. I definitely recommend this caddy tray!
The slider to close the bags are a little hard to slide
You could make them small, medium, or large. They were exactly what I needed. I still had some left with air in them 2 weeks later.
Love the kettle so much I purchased a second one. Wish this vendor was Prime. Ordered white version and received ORANGE so have to waste my time dealing with return.
Light weight with heavy weight results. Too delicious
Little small but great product
Makes a terrific gift at a reasonable price. My son uses it all the time
Gift. Seems to be good quality
Recommend for that retro feel
Easy to use and clean. Recommended.
Awesome product! It's cute and very functional my only complaint is I wish the hook on top was larger because it doesn't fit on my rods. This picture is my bathroom shower rod granted it's a sturdy rod. It's the closest one that fits
Liked the different side options.
Over all happy with my purchase. Not strong enough to crush ice but does it's job.
They were smaller than expected, but they work perfect, and the air stays in them for a long time. I mean months.
Works great. Small but great for small gathering use. Easy to take out and use anytime. Kids love it!
So easy to use! I wish it didn't take 4 minutes for each pancake/waffle but not a huge deal. My only suggestion is to make sure you spray the plates with Pam in between each pancake/waffle or they will stick.
Attractive, nice glaze, handle has a most convenient little bump on it that makes gripping very secure when it's full.
great cup, ALMOST the same as the OEM cups that came with, EXCEPT no fill lines :(
There's a thick dry film in the top of the paste inside the jar almost as if the container doesn't properly seal it. You have to break apart or peel the film to get to the usable paste. Otherwise, pretty good stuff
The tumblers were great. They were a perfect size. The only problem I had was I ordered silver trim and received gold.
My son loves it, my only concern is the woman swimming doesn't seem to have a suit on if you look closely....
Not the top of the line quality, but it functions for what I needed. If you are looking for something simple, reliable, and functions, this is the way to go. The lid isn't as heavy as I would like, and always needs a bit more effort to close it back down (after taking a straw out). Otherwise, it works and I will keep using it as long as it lasts.
The only reason i did not give 5 stars is that before i gave as gift did need to apply several coats of mineral oil to give it the lush look. i would buy again for myself!
Good quality, easy to use
I used this stand for my brother's wedding cake (three tiers with the biggest being 10 inches) and it was really great. I was at a loss of what to use a few days before the wedding and this really fit the bill. It's sturdy and feels expensive. The only drawback is that the one I received isn't perfectly level; one of the legs is slightly shorter than the others. It's not a dealbreaker.
Worked great for 3.5 years. Then one of the heating bars, made of glass, fractured. Kind of a dramatic way to retire a toaster. Because it was one of the top bars, I almost didn't even notice it. Pretty dangerous if you ask me. Before that, it worked great. Perfect for toasting and baking. Only downside was the dials need to be turned up all the way and then set to the desired time. Otherwise the timer might not turn off, which of course is a fire hazard. Now that I have to seek out a new one, I may or may not try this brand/model again. Still undecided.
I looked for a long time for a counter-top container for compost, and this is the closest I found. It's far more attractive than the plastic ice cream buckets I've been using. My primary complaint is the size. Unless you're really generating compost in your kitchen, there's no way you'd fill this before it needs emptying for smell alone. A smaller bucket would take up less counter space as well. I always put an unbleached coffee filter in the bottom as it makes emptying into the outside compost much easier (nothing sticks to the bottom), but this bin is too large a diameter to fully cover with one. A smaller one would solve both problems. Other than size, it seems well made. Will update my review after I've used it a year.
Love this, I did think it was going to be a bit bigger (as in taller and wider) but still works great .
Set looks great, seems like it will be fine, BUT the the front left hand slot for the Santoku knife was not cut big enough. Looked for a place online to contact the company, but could not easily access one, probably due to the fact item was sold by amazon. Did not want to pack up the entire set and send it back just for that, so my husband had to enlarge it. See pics
The only thing I dislike is the mold seam. But what are you gonna do? If they were flawless, they'd be $250. They're incredible for the cost. But two sets.
I got the impression that they might stain, but then they washed up pretty well. We haven't used them a lot yet but she enjoyed cutting zucchini and with some assistance carrots.
So excited to get these. Love the grate in the bottom to allow circulation and the lids to keep things fresh. Looking forward to organizing our fridge with these.
Honestly, you get what you pay for. Pan thickness is very thin... you can easily distort the shape... Edges are not rolled, like traditional pans, so be careful when handling! Box arrived (like other reviewers stated) damaged (and the outer box it shipped in was not). Ultimately they worked okay, so I will keep them. (It's not often I have a use for a sphere/hemisphere cake anyway). I will just have to be very careful about storage so they don't get misshapen!
I only wish it were taller, love the logo on both side, otherwise I would buy again.
Got this as a present for my mom. She says its a little cumbersome as it is big compared to a regular wine opener but she likes it!
The only issue I really have with this pasta maker is that the part anchoring it to a counter is very small. I can't attach it to my counter, so I either have to use the table outside of the kitchen and go back and forth or try to hold it down with one hand and crank with the other. Annoying but not terrible. The pasta turned out fantastic and the kids loved using it. A great addition to the kitchen gadgets.
The honing rod is great. As a cook in a hotel kitchen, I would recommend this for professional or home use. Because this one is such a fine grit, i would suggest possibly a diamond rod or a coarse ceramic as well.
If you're looking for something to make mini-donuts that replicate the size and shape of Hostess mini-donuts (like I was), then this product will disappoint because they are about 1/2 the size of Hostess mini-donuts. However, I'm still giving this product 4 stars because it's excellent quality and would made a great mold for either homemade gummies or interesting ice cubes.
Came as described, unfortunately these are much smaller than I thought, I read 1/2 liter...even though it's clearly written 1/5 liter. Oops! They are adorable and would probably be a great size for jams or bruschetta. Pint jar in pic for comparison
I like the idea of having my k-cups in Easy access and out of the way. However, I've had some problems keeping the cups to stay up out of the way. The shelf doesn't stay up in place
This is a great value. I bought this to use with my air fryer and it is perfect!
This is nice. I didn't realize it was for four slice toasters though so it's way too big for ours. Gave it to a friend and she loves it. She says it keeps the grease and dust away when she cooks and likes that it covers the whole toaster.
I have not had problems so far
Works well for mid-cycle filter of oil for partial replacement of fry oil.
Really nice bowls, but the size was surprising. They are quite small. Good quality though.
This is a great cup and feels sturdy in your hands. Only con is that the straw is a little flimsy and could be upgraded to just a little better straw. The wording is printed on the cup which is nice as well instead of a decal.
Cute, smaller than I expected but will be good for feeding the grandbabies!
I was expecting a heavier more well made piece of machinery. It seems cheap but has held up beautifully. Makes sandwiches perfectly every time(unless I am heavy on the PB and J). It kind of sucks to clean when there is too much PB.
Would have been five stars, but there is an unsightly seam that runs down two sides of the glass, where I guess they were molded together. Otherwise a good buy.
Use these in my bento, and they work just fine. I hand wash them since I don't trust itty bitty things in my dishwasher. The rectangles are really small. Haven't tried them for baking and probably won't, so I've no idea how well they'll work for that. Cute and I like the bright colors!
I love to this turner which I looked for..rust free..and safety on cooking! Only small disappointing is a little heavier than I think.
It is cute, and will be a natural and reuseable serving tray.
This was given as a gift
Leaks coffee from around the bulb seal.
Works great - the instructions are a little confusing as it tells you to make sure the flame lock switch is in the off position, but it can only be moved once the torch is lit. I am guessing they have had many problems with it, because I got 2 emails from the supplier making sure I was aware of this (of course AFTER I broke mine trying to move it). It still works fine without the switch...I don't know that I will ever have a need for a flame lock switch, so not returning it. The instructions could probably be a little more clear.
Nice colors and sturdy
Good quality, good price. I just wish it was a little longer.
This bottle fits my 2018 F150 cup holders, barely, but it fits. I saw conflicting reviews on whether it would fit in cupholders, I took a chance because I have a larger vehicle. My guess is if you are driving a truck or SUV, it will fit. I am not a big fan of the plastic insert and the bottle feels a little cheaper than some of the other stainless bottles out there. The outer shell seems a little thin. Neither are really a deal breaker though, and for the price it still gets 4 stars from me.
Great set!! Exactly what I expected!!
Would have like the diameter larger and the depth smaller, but this will do.
It will be a gift to a 3 year old. I wanted a flying pig but that was no longer available; I gave a flying pig to my daughter 30 years ago and she was enchanted with it. I hope the flying cow gives as much pleasure to the granddaughter.
These look great in our freezer and are an interesting design. Most of the time it is pretty easy to remove the ice from the tray. However, sometimes it likes to stick itself in there and these are not as strong as the traditional ice trays. I have already broken one of them by putting too much pressure.
This makes popping caps of bottles really easy, and will usually do minimal bending/damage to the cap. This does not work with larger bottles that have a slightly larger cap on them.
A good buy for the price. Would buy again.
Coffee, I thought, would stay hot longer.
These are really nice and work well. When I opens the package they had a very strong plastic smell so I washed them in the dishwasher before using. After making muffins in them they do not have any more funky odor.
Super cute! Just a little smaller than I thought.
I bought it for slicing meats and it works well
I like the magnetic capability. I wish the product came in colors. I will have to paint it and hope that it will still be durable.
It's a little too stiff even after washing it but it is very durable.
I originally bought this to grind coffee beans, but lately I have tried using it to grind granulated erythritol. It gets jammed every time. I wouldn't recommend for grinding to powder. We are able to get it working again after each powdery mess. Just taking it apart from the bottom of the device. Works well for coffee.
This works remarkably well. They were great on peaches, near perfect on plums. Very easy.
My husband and I love these. Even our kids love them and use them for drinks.
I don't really like the handles, but the steel is excellent and will say that the steel far surpasses any other one I have used...
I gave this item to a co-worker for her birthday. She loved it!
Boils water! It is pretty loud when boiling though. Not a whistle just a loud droning sound.
My knives were in desperate need of sharpening! This is so light weight and easy to use! Definitely a good buy!
just me/afraid i'll break it/sm
I bought the yellow lid for my 6-quart and the clear/transparent one for my 8-quart IP Duo Plus. They both seal the inner pot well. While the clear one is easy to put on and take off, I cannot say the same with the yellow one. A little effort is required to get it on and off your inner pot. It's also way thicker and heavier even though it's smaller of the two.
It fits our 36 in tall and 26 pound 3 yr old. It is slightly low cut in the front for a toddler leotard.
Really handy thermometer. Probe started reading ten degrees too high, I contacted customer service and they are sending me another probe. Very quick response.
I love this product! Unfortunately they sent me the wrong kind on my last order. I paid extra for one day shipping as well. I am hopefully that someone will contact me in order to fix their mistake.
At first I was really excited about this find. It looks sleek and nice. It fits under cabinet fine. But when lifting the head, it hits the wall, so it has to be pulled out some, wouldn't be a big deal, but the awesome thing that keeps it from bouncing around(suction cups on the bottom), makes it a bit of an ordeal. But easily ignored. The one thing I am very disappointed about, everytime I use it, is how far the mixing tools(paddle and whisk) are from the actual bowl. Easily 1/4 of an inch away. It makes the mixture leave a layer of mix against the bowl, never to be touched by the mixing tools. So it HAS to be turned off and sides scraped, multiple times during use. Way past the time to send back, and is better than having nothing. However, I would look for one that has the mixing tool much closer to the edges of the bowl, so you really can leaving it mixing to itself.
Love this product. I purchased about 12 and two of them didn't latch properly.
Love my new honey dispenser!! Works great for drizzling a steady small stream,continuously over baked goods! Easy to fill,just place a pinky finger over hole. Dissapointed lid was plastic.Concerned the plastic may not last,doesn't seem durable. Chrome plated is false,just paint! Better if metal,more durable,would have paid extra for metal. Bought because it was glass not plastic!
Great for small apartments good quality
I use these cloths for everything and then just throw them in the wash. Great!
Material is thin, reminded me of a cheap plastic table cloth. I wasn't going to reuse it so it did the job for a day. It is big enough to cover an average size wall.
Would have been 5 star but the adhesive they use on the label was impossible for me to get fully removed I love this thing, it is a great quality board. I needed a smaller board to go with my big one. This is a perfect compliment to the large one I have When I replace that large board,l I will be looking to this company for its replacement
So far, so good!! I have used this several times, it has kept my strawberries fresh for much longer than their original packaging. It seems to work better for strawberries than raspberries. Have not used it with any other berries yet.
Beautiful color palette. The metallic was very durable. However, the paper ones were a little too fragile. Overall, it worked for its purpose.
I only wish it was bigger. Love throwing frozen cauliflower tots in the most. Crunchy on the outside, fluffy on the inside. Even my teens use it.
After many attempts of trying to peel the icing off the paper I decided that I had to freeze it for about 3 hours just to get it off and put it on my son's birthday cake.
I love the interior and exterior pockets. the color is vibrant - a fun print. The material is like that scuba swimwear material which makes it easy to wipe off if you get something on it. I would've given it five stars if it had something to hold the shape in the bottom of the bag otherwise it just collapses when you're trying to pack it
I purchased this to take on vacation to a cabin up in the mountains. Rentals never have good knives. This did the job. The knives were sharp and seemed to be sturdy. The only detractor is that the case and knives are very large, and the case is quite cheap and not very user friendly.
They are a nice glass I use for coffee. No problems so far putting them in the microwave to reheat the coffee
Use a splatter guard the first time you try it so you can test out what works for your microwave. First time I used it I just cracked an egg and did 40 seconds. Egg splatter everywhere inside the microwave cause it burst from the bottom. The second time we did 35 seconds and it worked perfectly. Easy to clean with a dish sponge by hand.
I like the glass container and the sizes .. not to crazy about the lids... they should snap Better
seal does come off after washing it! still great for take-out food. very large, 2 portions easily fit.
The mop lays flat and has an extension wand to dry or wet mop under the bed, large dresser, and TV media cabinet to remove the dust that accumulates. I have to bend over or get down on the floor, but the mop fits all the way to the end of the bed / furniture when mopping from the other end. The microfiber head is large enough to clean underneath the bed without having to make too many passes.
I like that they are lightweight but the medium size tongs stick, when you open and close them the component that supports the function have to be pushed more than once .. no issues with the other sizes they function fine..
So far works well and has been relatively easy to clean. No problems with it containing any water from wet items. I do wish it came with more colors and sizes.
They hold up rather nicely
All plastic build but solid none the less. Like the small size on my counter but admittedly I've rapped my knuckle on the edge of it a couple times when knocking the spent puck out of my espresso filter. So one star off for that. Overall happy with the purchase.
Very stylish set. Giving it as a gift.
Bought these for my sister in law and she loves them!
I thought, I like hazelnuts, so why not give this a try. Well, almond Snickers taste so much better. Even regular Snickers are better than these. just an opinion / matter of taste. But the rest of my family won't eat them.
I use this kettle every day and recommend it to everyone!
Everything but the muffin tin fits in my standard size toaster oven.
The frying pan, while attractive, is not as durable as I thought based on the description. It seems to scratch much easier than I expected. Other than that it's fine.
This product is pretty decent. Makes for cute picture perfect lunches for my kids! The lid is a little trouble. I haven't put it in the dishwasher like it reccomends but it seems a little pesky at times. However overall very pleased with the product.
Love the size of this rice cooker. I took off a star because the recipe book contains recipes that are almost impossible to make in the rice cooker and either boil over or you make a complete mess trying to mix well ingredients into an over flowing pot
It is really a lot bigger than I planned on (but that is not the products fault), also the inside materials catches on the zipper.
Bought these to use in place of the cloth sack used for a Coffee Sock cold brew kit, since we moved into a house on septic to avoid grounds in the drain. These are good, though they are smaller than I expected. I thought I could overfill them slightly for a 64oz container of cold brew, but it didn't quite work so now I just use two per brew. They are a little tedious to twist and tie tightly, but overall they work well.
Some meat items leave residue in pan and doesn't clean up as easy as described
They're definitely NOT Non-stick. Even with Pam the pancake batter stuck.
It is a beautiful bamboo crafted cutting board. Large spacious compare to any of my other board. Being this big I expected to be heavier. There should be rubber pieces on four corners on both sides so it doesn't slide on my tile counter.
This bag is a little bit big for a lunch bag, but I like it because I pack breakfast and lunch, plus a big water bottle. So if you want an extra large lunch bag, this is great.
This was a gift nD I don't know much about it other than the recipient was pleased with it. It was a bit smaller than I thought though.
nice bags, but it is ironic, and counterproductive, that they were packaged in a plastic bag.
Actually only 1.5 liter max capacity, which is misleading. Sometimes it's hard to open the lid. Other than that, it does look good and boils quickly and I like that you can set the temp and also decide whether you have the keep warm function or not
Super cute mug just a little small tho! Great for milk and cookies 😊
These muffin molds are okay really flimsy if your trying to fill with anything i suggest putting a backing sheet underneath. If not for sure everything will spill other than that there good.
Very nice set! The color is vivid on our wine glasses. Comes right off with water.
It is just right for my intended use. The only improvement would be a pouring lip.
Strong magnet! I use this to hang a rubber apron up to dry and the magnet has not slipped or moved from the cabinet at all. I just wish the carabiner was one size bigger. Works great! Someone did steal mine from work but I found it and had to use a hammer to get it off the surface it was on! I'm looking for the strongest magnetic hold possible so it cannot be stolen from me again!
I bought this because I thought it would be a great way to open up some counter space. Having our towels on the fridge is very convenient and I love that aspect of this product. The magnets are very strong, we even have some other items in the top portion and have not yet had issues. We do however find when you first fill the paper towel holder its difficult to use and awkward until the roll goes down a little bit. Not a deal-breaker by any means for us, but just something noteworthy.
This product is exactly what they tell you to expect. It works in a small capacity. It really won't cool off your room but does provide some cool comfort at your desk or bedside. Because of the misting feature when the cooling is on it really increases the humidity in a room. This can be great in winter but tough on a hot humid day/night.
Bulky and doesn't fit in most car cup holders because of the circumference of the middle of the thermos. Otherwise, washes easy and the black color is nice & sleek.
Great tumbler and straws, the kids love it. It's not 100% spill proof so use caution around toddlers but overall I like it. Helps keep smoothies and drinks cold for awhile.
I bought this as a replacement to one Pampered Chef used to sell but discontinued. This is easy to fill and seems to work pretty well. It is not quite as sturdy as the PC model but I love using it. If you want something that will grind out tons of pepper I would not expect this to do that. It's great for table use but I don't think it will grind fast enough for heavy use. The salt comes out fairly heavy so check yours before salting your food!
Such a cute little gift. My wife loved it. I thought it would be a little bigger but welcome to the internet! I think it's a great gift for a wife, mom, friend, girlfriend, or anyone you love and want to give a little gift for no reason!
I was looking for some extra utensils for the holidays. I was looking for something that if I purchased and turned out bad, at least it would get me through the holiday season. I stumbled onto this item and I kept thinking the price is too good to be a good product. In the end, I bought it saying if its not as good, at least it wasn't expensive. I was thoroughly surprised. The shine, weight, and size were comparable to the more expensive utensils I already owned. If you are looking for a product that will look nice and not cost a fortune, this is good one to put on your table. I didn't give it a 5 star yet, I want to see how they make it through the holiday season.
These were very cute, but many were bent in the package and wouldn't lay nicely as a result.
The first few times I used it the milk frothed but then the third or fourth time I used it, it didn't. Then I used it again for the fifth and it did froth, so I don't know what happened. Overall pretty good product.
I love these cups for my 3 year old! They are leak proof and hold a decent amount of water for when she is at preschool all day. I removed one star because the last set I had, the plastic piece that holds the spout in broke when my daughter dropped her cup. I wish it was more durable to withstand little kid wear and tear.
Exactly what i needed
A very nice variable temperature tea kettle. As others have noted it beeps a lot and operation is not quite intuitive, but it can be figured out. Also takes a bit longer to come up to temp (in spite of smaller capacity) than my other tea kettle. Probably best feature is the pour. Very easy to direct the flow of water over the tea leaves.
I keep buying them. Bought several already, no problems at all.
I haven't noticed a huge difference with these and I don't smell the scent. But I also haven't had any clogs so I suppose they are working. Not sure I would go out of my way to buy these again.
The bowls are a great clean modern color and nice design. These bowls were purchased to go to college with my daughter. I was hoping for a little larger bowls, but for her they will be great. They do seem like they could be on the fragile side.
Bought this to replace another one I had with more of a gooseneck spout, which turned out to be very breakable. Love the shape of this one, it looks nice on our condiment tray and is easy to control volume when pouring. Working well so far. We use it to hold canola oil for general purpose cooking and small pours into a skillet, dressing shaker or measuring spoon (as opposed to the whole jug of oil). My only complaint is that it's hard to prevent drips down the side, and fear of breaking it, but overall it's been a good purchase thus far!
I bought this a little under a year ago, and now the grinding part is stuck. Which honestly, is a great life span for a grinder. The paint just started to wear off, too. It worked really well, was pretty standard to clean, but if you actively use it, be prepared to purchase a new one in 10 months.
I like that it's not bright white. The color is more of a beige which works better with the colors in my house. The logo is slightly off to the side and not centered but it's not super noticeable. This does not have a lip around the butter so the lid can slide around and get a bit messy. It does fit two sticks of butter or the wider kerrygold size butter. The handle makes it easy to lift the lid, and the dish is fairly thick porcelain. This should hold up quite well.
A perfect item I ever bought. Totally satisfied. Excellent little product. looks new though this set has been with me for a month now. high quality I have yet to use it but it looks very well made. I absolutely love this product
This bottle brush is good to clean bottles. Has a nice spin to it. Unfortunately when I received it, I had the idea that it would look exactly like the picture. The nipple brush looks fine, but the silicone brush... it doesn't look exactly like the picture and by that I mean that from the picture it would look like the silicone strands are long and full, but the one I received, it's silicone strands are shorter than the picture but I mean it's still full all around and does its purpose. So other than that, it still a very decent bottle brush. A lot better than the bristle ones. The brushes dry up easy and not hard to use at all.
This was a Christmas gift for my brother. He loves it and uses it almost everyday. To be honest he doesn't even use it when he cooks. He turns the timer on randomly during the day because it's the bat signal. Great to give as a fun gift if the person you're getting it for likes Batman or buy it for yourself. My only complaint is that the light could be a bit brighter.
I really like the holster, giving it as a secret Santa! So I'm kind of upset I didn't receive the bullet bottle opener with it :(
Fast and accurate. Works great on bread, meat, and candy making. Great little tool for the price.
These are OK. Very small as other reviewers have noted. I cook for two so the small size works but it would be nice if larger was available.
Better than expected
They arrived packaged well. Worked perfectly for our buffet table.
The pan scratched easily. Used about 10 or so times. But it does what I need it to do.
Nice enough pepper mill.
Just like I ordered.
I'd like give five stars to this nice bottle, I think materials and styling are good, it is one of the more aesthetic from all similar products; I love how it looks but its performance it's simply not perfect. I put some ice on cold tea at 6 am and just three hours later it had melted your drinks will not heat along the day but won't keeps as fresh as you wish either, I think the weak part of the bottle is the neck it clearly gains (o loses) temperature there, insulation seems to be defective right there.
Works as described and is very efficient!
I bought this pan strictly to have for my evening popcorn. It is extremely light weight and is fine for this application.
Packaged and shipped as advertised. Bummer that the balloons sunk overnight but we heard that there's possibly a helium shortage. Regardless we got other balloons locally and those lasted a day longer. The quality of these balloons may be lesser but for the price, it's hard to compare - thus the one less star.
Would have given 5 stars but stone broke second use had to buy replacement
Really nice looking in person. Keeps everything at temp.
These are not quite as good as tupperware, however they are decent and do the job.
The bag is super spacious, great for packing lunch and snacks for long days. The only reason for 4 stars is because the bag keeps the food cool but not for that long. If I take out a fruit snack at the end of the day, it is cool but not cool enough for long enough. I am therefore careful to eat any yogurt snack early in the day because I do not trust the bag.
JUST RIGHT! Sticks on and protects. Very absorbent for spills. Large coverage area.....
Works pretty well so far. The only issue I have is the filter container doesn't seem to lock down on both sides. Seems likely an issue with the lid as it is just little plastic extrusions that hold it in place to keep it from floating around in there and one side just doesn't seem to hold, the other side does though so it keeps the grounds at the water level and function is not impaired. Makes great cold brew though with limited sediment, I could probably use a better grinder for this purpose.
Small dent on one of the lips but didn't affect anything. I have used it serval times already and works great and easy to clean.
There are some uneven divots or pits in the metal, leaving spots for food and oil can get stuck and slightly difficult to clean. Otherwise it is fairly durable and is priced affordable. As far as versatile oh, well that depends on the chef, you're dealing with a fixed surface size and material. But if you know how to cook... You will have no problem sauteing, frying, Browning and even simmering anything you desire. I just wish it came with a matching cover
It took me a second to get used to it. I was replacing an old timer that I knew by heart. I really like the large display
i would give a five-star if the weight were a bit lighter
This organizer fits perfectly in my kitchen drawer. Bamboo looks great. Only wish the extension would lock into place- seems a little wobbly when its extended but since it fits the space completly its fine
Round was not what I was expecting when I received them. But they are great and serve the same purpose!
Everything arrived as described, cooked some salmon and corn over some rice and came out perfect.
Overall what was expected.
Good toaster. Serves its purpose and fits bagels which is a plus
Great cups, I wanted a cup with straw for my almost 2yo that loves drinking out of straws. Wanted them attached so he could not pull straw out/off cup. Product is exactly what is shown on boxed photo. Would be great if they would offer the other colors shown.
convenient for the minis...but quite a bit flimsy...but then again...it is silicone
My only small issue with this item is that you have to glue all the pieces together or else the centerpiece will not stay put together.
The table was delivered with a small chip on the edge of the table. I needed the table for a function so didnt have time to send it back but still happy with the it overall.
Exactly what I was looking for. I use one for olive oil and one for canola oil. Very pleased.
I bought these for my husband. He likes them a lot and they work well. Keeps his beer nice and cold!
There is not as much curvature to the spoon and fork as I would like. They are really shallow. I do not recommend using the knife to cut tough meat, but it works ok for softer foods. I keep these in my office to use when eating lunch instead of disposable utensils.
Received a day earlier than promised, and have already used it for beets and corn. The first try didn't work as the steam float valve wasn't set properly. There is a tiny solid cover that was partially covering it, but after I washed the lid and seal, it opened up. If I wasn't already experienced in using a pressure pot though, I would have been frustrated with the directions. Wish such a small pot, I find the steamer tray a bit on the high side so will probably use something different. But I love the stainless steel pot and easy to read face. I did two ears of corn by cutting them in half and trimming to sit in the pot upright, with 1 cup of water for steam and 4 minutes cook time. Did Quick Release after a couple of minutes to let things settle. Since it is a companion pressure pot to a larger one, it fills the bill for me.
Loses one star because you need to turn the whole machine over and tap on it a lot to get spices out. Otherwise a great product.
Toddy filter replacements seem to work fine. You can tell they were not quite as dense as the original however the price just can't be beat. If I owned a coffee house I might go a step above but for my home they are an economical choice.
Great for making roll cakes
I would have liked the outside of the case to be just a little stiffer and the inside a little heavier duty. I do like it though and everything fits perfectly
This was very pretty only con i have is a couple of the latex balloons had holes in them
It is sooo adorable but I find it a bit small. I have to pack lunch, 2 snacks and water and sometimes it doesn't fit too comfortably. But overall it works!
Could you make this? Probably. Do you want to spend the time to make it? Probably not. That being said. These are exactly as advertised. They are felt coasters but are a bit thicker than just regular felt. It has firm support underneath so it is not extremely flimsy. If you are expecting some rock hard coasters, look elsewhere. This works well with my glass table since it is not heavy or hard. They look exactly like the photos/description.
I love this bag. The only drawback for me is that I can't fit my large water bottle in it.
I love this for work! It hold quite a bit and the proportions of each section are just right.
I only received one shaker in the basket...
Wished these came in 20 ounce size.
Came on time, two in a box, worked well from the start, the alarm is loud enough to hear in another room. Read the manual to learn how to quickly re-set - otherwise it is easy to use right out of the box.
I like the fact it is wide enough and made of stainless steel. I do wish it had a rubber backing on the bottom though, just to protect my counter tops.
Heats well, muted but audible whistle, holds a reasonable amount of water. Watch for steam getting under the handle, but otherwise it's great. Also, I love the color. :) We drink a LOT of tea, and also use it to boil water for rinsing out the drain.
It is messy but I attribute that to the tin it comes in. Mine was not smooth to take the lid on or off. The powder is really fine so it tends to fly everywhere. I think it is worth it though. It did leave some black on my tongue and along my gum line even after I rinsed three times. I am using it at night so it didn't bother me too much and I know it's safe to digest. This is my first time using it so we'll see how it goes. I'm planning on transferring it to a different container to reduce messes. I can already tell that this is going to last me for a long time.
It serves its purpose
It would be better if the lid would stay up. Its hard to hold the lid open and pour in the gravy at the same time. Works great to keep gravy warm.
It works, but it does take muscle. If you don't have strong fingers, you will struggle with it.
Attractive, fast electric kettle, love the different temperature settings, but the "keep warm" light stopped working after a week. Not a huge deal as otherwise it still works great.
What can I say - it's a glass pie dish which showed up unbroken -- even tho it was only in a shipping box with paper padding.
They work well but they are just a little too long/large.
It works every bit as advertised... I just wish It came with a larger bowl to enjoy a bit more coffee...
Very handy, but quite tricky to get the hang of. It takes a lot of practice to not pull the lib back off when removing the vacuum cap.
I really like this and liked the idea of it having handles but they are a little too tall for my Cuisinart cooker which is why I'm giving it 4/5 stars. I still use it frequently though.
I didn't want an instapot, I just wanted a good rice cooker/steamer. I'm hoping this one will last longer than the last one. This is great for cooking long grain rice (which I'm terrible at on the stovetop). I have several rice recipes that this product helps me cook to perfection and steaming tamales.
It works Ok and gets the job done. I guess I was hoping for a little sturdier, but for the price it is a good value.
Nice an soft on the inside. A bright blue with silicone. A little longer than I had imagined but offers great protection.
This is a tall item. It's not an easy fit for my refrigerator shelves but does preserve herbs well. That being said, it's a little too short for fresh asparagus. I either need a new refrigerator, or shorter asparagus.
Would have gotten 5 but four of my bottles had lids that were broken into pieces.
Fits and sits on range third burner well and after seasoning has been spectacular for cooking and grilling results.
The pack of coasters includes several shapes/designs. Each coaster has cork on the bottom.
If you love large mugs this is the mug for you
Without notice I received an email of a refund for this purchase, 4 months after purchasing. Amazon told me it was "recalled" and no need to return. $20 back in my pocket. Customer service could not provide recall details. Customer pictures reflect either poor quality or improper use. I'm not seeing the issue on my beater yet but I will keep an eye on it.
I love being able to drink filtered water no matter where i am. My only problem with this bottle is that the lid leaks a bit. Not from the nozzle or around the threading, but in between two pieces of connected plastic.
Works well! Paint chipped daily when it fell though. But works great. Took the falls and didn't break. Just some dents.
Yes i dont have the top for the cereal dispenser can you please send me one please email me,let me know thanks
Works wonderfully, my only complaint is the pour cover easily falls off
I purchased this for my grandson. I was surprised at how small they are. These will be good for snacks .
One of the 6 jars came broken...glass shards all over the inside of the box.
More of a DIY product. Instructions are not clear, also the screws and anchors are very cheap made. Ok for the price I guess.
We tried but this did not save our old coffee maker. Not sure it was the product's fault!
Like wooden handle, doesn't get hot. Also like size of item.
The bowls are beautiful, but I was expecting something with a little more thickness. They are delicate. I am hoping they will last.
Excellent for bigger pans for straining or even oven cooking. I love that it's so flexible and doesn't take alot of storage room. I wish it was a little longer but it's ok I still like it and recommend it
Best investment. Bought it to roast the turkey for Christmas. Everyone was impressed hos fast it roasted a 10lb turkey. Gave it 4 out of 5 stars because the product arrived scratched.
They came as described. I think they are a little pricey for what you are getting but I knew that when I ordered.
Exactly what you'd expect. Nothing wrong, and cool looking style!
Excellent product, just what I was looking for. Unfortunately it was shipped to me loose directly in the amazon shipping bag, which was a little weird. Would prefer if the items were pre-packaged so there wouldn't be any lost pieces. Not sure if my case was an exception because I'd think that they would normally be in its own packaging prior to shipping...
I would give it 5 stars but the clip on the strap keeps unclipping on its own on the opposite side of the handle. not sure if that's on all of them or just mine
Awesome first time Juicer would definitely recommend to anybody.
Good product for the price
The silverware is nice, but the drawer organizer was all broken, and very cheap. Didn't send back because I liked the silverware & I bought my own drawer organizer.
It is what it is.. A glass coffee mug with a breaking bad tribute on the outside. People complained about the handle breaking off. Mine seems fine, but it's certainly not as sturdy as other coffee mugs we have.
These containers are perfect for storing cereal. They are see through and air tight. Attaching the tops are somewhat awkward to attach, but not a real concern.
Item is exactly as advertised.
Love this little unit. It's perfect for making smoothies with frozen and fresh veggies and fruits.
i really like how they are lightweight so it makes them easy to cook with. The only bad thing i think is that they do not come very clean in my dishwasher
Bought this to use in a drink. Made a cool effect but could have done without. The shimmer gets everywhere- including your mouth.
This is a great water bottle. Keeps water cold throughout the day. No complaints, other than mine arrived with slight damage. Not enough to return it, but worth mentioning.
These work quite well. I'm able to successfully wash them in the dishwasher, too. Bonus! My only reason for 4 stars versus 5, is that the plastic zipper sleeve is a little bulky to deal with and takes time to dry after washing. But, I appreciate that the zipper won't wear as quickly as other attached zippers would. It's very effective at sealing.
Beer stays carbonated until the end.
After enduring years of declining Bodum quality, I bought this because there's no glass to break and it claimed to be insulated. Bodum French presses are truly awful now and you shouldn't buy them. This one is a pleasure to use and clean. Very sleek design and nice materials. It doesn't keep coffee very hot for very long, though. You can feel the heat through the container wall. Plus, the lid isn't made to actually seal, so plenty of heat gets out there. But it's still enjoyable to use and makes fine coffee.
This arrived in good condition from Japan. I think it will be handy when I want to make miso soup from scratch instead of a prepackaged soup.
The mold works well, but those bears are TINY. They don't look like the pictures.
I really like the look of this . Hasn't leaked on me and isn't to bad to clean!
It arrived totally dented and smashed but still works. I got it to use as a steamer basket in my Instant Pot after I bent the handles off and it works wonderfully for that purpose.
Like the steamer. Would have given 5 stars if it had come without a dent. It's still usable but wasn't worth returning it as dent probably occurred during manufacturing. But it's a great fit for my 8 quart Instant Pot and worked quite well with steaming vegetables and holds a lot of hard boil eggs. Stores well in the IP.
Came well packaged. Super easy to use. Love how big the caps are. But no recipe book! Don't advertise it if you aren't going to send it!! I kind of want a few bucks back just for misleading me!
Works for fondant, but nit chocolate at all, very shallow
These are very nice. Only downside is I lose my grip on them if I have any kind of oil or moisture on my hands.
The kit was handy to get, but the fan and heat sink are too small for the Peltier device - wish it was maybe 25% larger to cool the hot side down more. Unknown water cooling block configuration internally - would have been good to know the type: posts, fins, or what.
The temperature doesn't seem to hold as long as the Stanley brand Thermos, but I enjoy the design and am still happy to use it for hot drinks even though I have to drink them faster to enjoy a hot beverage.
Update: Thanks for sending me a replacement, Chefvantage! So far, no leaks and they seem to do a lot better than the previous bottles I had. It's a plus just so I don't have to wipe down my shelves every day from various liquid drippings! ================ If you want soy sauce all over your kitchen, buy this. I was so excited to replace my old bottles but when I went to fill these new bottles, I noticed that liquid was pooping outside. I thought I overfilled the container but there was nothing leaking from the top. I picked up the bottle and the glass bottom fell out and soy sauce went EVERYWHERE. The glass bottom had such a clean cut that it almost looked intentional. I'm still cleaning out soy sauce that dripped over the counter into my drawers... lovely...
Heats up good and pretty quick, wish it was a little bigger
I bought this for my gf who vegetarian and has low iron levels. We have only made teas with it so far and thats worked out fine. The first time we used it, the fish rusted up a little but that came out easy by scrubbing lime juice over it.
They are nice but break after awhile.
For the price, this stick blender is absolutely worth it! It is heavy in weight, not some cheap plastic blender
I like them so far. Nice looking and well made. Ask me again when it comes time to clean them.
I bought this for my large-sized InstantPot. It doesn't fit with the handles. That was easily remedied with pliers and breaking them off. Done carefully enough there was no resulting damage to the basket. After that it fits nicely and works well for a variety of uses. Good quality.
I have been trying to find something to easily store and use homemade coffee creamer. i was having issues finding something that was easy to clean and not too big. The only think that is a down fall is it is hard sometime to unscrew lid, but i think that is more of my having smaller hands and it is a larger size jar. Only reason for the 4 stars vs a 5 star review
It works good and looks good but, you won't save much money using it. The bags cost to much. You can use the cheaper bags but, if you do that you lose the very thing you are trying to do. The cheap bags allow the food to burn in the freezer and then taste bad. If you have something special you need to freeze then this is for you. It is not to use daily unless you have plenty of money to throw away.
Bought these as a gift for my mom. They are decent quality. These will look and hold up even better if you condition them with an oil. After a few months of using, one of the boards has cracked near the hole at the top.
This is a great Hydro***** alternative. I have a few other HF bottles and I would say this quality is approx 90% at a 1/3 of the cost. Great job! Only real complaint is the quality of the plastic lid. It leaves much to be desired, as it is very rigid and is always hitting me in the face while drinking.
The water bottle itself is great but the design worn out on the bottle shortly after using it.
works great for pancakes but not to reliable for eggs
Very good deal on these filters. They also arrived a day ahead of time!
The pesticide test is inconclusive and hard to read but besides that everything was great. Would recommend.
Careful not to squeeze too hard. Leaked around the top and made a mess but worked great otherwise for bar tending.
The metal finger hole was bent upon arrival indicating a flimsy material used. After reshaping to fit my finger it works fine. Couldn't reshape the hole to fit finger dye to a permanent bend in it, but it stil works fine
These are really good plastic cutlery especially for parties. The only “negative” I have is that when you open the package, not all the utensils were colored completely. But otherwise, they were a hit!
I love the size and heftiness of the stein. Better than what I expected, and it does not have an ounce of cheapness to it. The only issue is the lid does not seem pushed closer to the stein enough, it is not perfectly centered on the mouth of the stein, but the lid still works and it closes all the way without interference... love it anyway.
Light and sharp. She loves it.
cannot handle very hot items. it melts
Keeps things warm for a very long time. Use it for kids school lunches and they always say the food is still hot when they eat. It is a little deep and hard to clean and reach the bottom contents but the wider mouth lunch thermoses don't hold more than 10oz. This size is perfect for an an of chef boy are dee
First off delivery was fast and great also product is perfect for me . I recommend buying one it works well and does as it says
They are not pure silicone, if you pinch them they turn white meaning they have fillers. Since I'm not using them for cooking it doesn't bother me, by thought I'd put that out there.
it says pump spray bottle, but no nozzle was included. the product works as expected, so 4 stars.
a lot of $$ for what it does
This was a gift and the recipient seemed happy with it.
Great addition to a 16 oz. Tervis cup - I first saw these lids at my sons house, and decided I needed to get them for myself. Makes a drink in the cup virtually leak proof.
So as some other reviews mention, no matter how much of a perfectionist baker you are, these still will have a little line in the center. I've tried a million different methods of pouring the batter in and can't seem to get rid of that. However if you like your cake pops tasting like actual cake and not half baked batter, or if you want to make a lot in a short period of time, this machine is perfect. Especially for the price
This is an efficient, get-the-job-done spiralizer. What I mean by efficient is it's compact and easy to store, and it has two thicknesses, one on each side. I've not been able to figure out how to get the spiky top to work; it just scrapes the veggies rather than helping me turn them. Prior, I had that large white one that sits countertop, offers more settings, cranks with a crank, and takes up way more storage space. I prefer this compact one over the less compact countertop one, which was slightly better at spiralizing, but not for the space/storage exchange.
The only problem is after you secure 3 sides, the 4th side is difficult to snap. Other than that they would be perfect.
The one I received had a crooked laser, which pointed about an inch or more to the right. Still, the laser isn't really necessary and I'm very happy with it otherwise. It will be great for keeping an eye on my chicks' temperature options, and for my future reptiles
Over happy with product. Gave 4 stars as the are way to flexible and want to bend at Handel.
Ordered bronze, got silver, but the color doesn't matter to the food, so I kept them. So far, so good.
I ordered two sets, all glasses arrived undamaged. They look great and were a great deal. Not giving 5 stars because there is a VERY minor imperfection on the base of one of the glasses. Not noticeable unless you look very closely.
Added space on stove
I used this pack when hosting a football party. I liked the design and the amount of product we received for the cost. Plates were adequate, just not super durable.
Works well, it's not very sturdy, but handle carefully. So far, no problems but I clamp the heater lightly.
I have a taco party with 8 people, hard and soft shells and these were really cute and useful. I place them directly on large plates and people could put the other sides on the plate. The little rubber feet kept them from slipping. If you use soft shells, you may need to put two on for each taco. the are easy to clean and stack for storage.
A little more flexible than I would like but overall worth it!
rather small but works really well.
Works well as a serving spoon. The weight is a little lighter than what you feel with a high-end stainless steel, but it doesn't feel super cheap. Got what I paid for.
Works awesome. If I could give a 4.5 star rating, I would. Only minor complaint... would love it if the middle container, holding the fruit or veggies, would extend closer to the bottom of the pitcher. Otherwise, good value and product.
Material is a little thinner and transparent than I expected but still a good deal considering it's 30ft long! Would buy again
Looks good on my counter, works fine, but runs extremely loud and I don't like that it doesn't shut off automatically when it's done. Still for the price it's fine.
It is okay. I got it for the back of my Wrangler. If it's supposed to velcro to the bottom, it doesn't do that for me. It may be the weather-treated carpet in the back. Not sure. The spacers work fine, and the zippable insulated box is nice. I'm not in love with it, but it's sufficient.
Nice, heavy lid. It is specifically for Duxtop Cookware and tho useable for other pots be sure to check the measurements.
I purchased this set of knives because of the all metal handles. I was tired of replacing knives due to handle failure. I had then for a while and they are holding well. The only negative is that the blades have to be sharpened often.
Looks nice and keeps my coffee fresh. Came dented
Keep in mind it is not for cutting cheese but for slicing out a piece to taste it.
Works just hard to stablize
Can I get a new order?
So far after a month of daily use its holding up well. Excellent blender.
Nice to use big ice cubes.
Beautiful, but wobbly.
Pretty nice, but not perfect. The glasses are big enough to hold a full can of Guinness without risk of spilling. However, there are two seams that run up either side and there is some number designation on one side. Minor issues both, but enough to detract one star.
I thought the bubbles would stay LJ her but they are just regular bubbles
Great container however doesn't pour well with such a short spout
my daughter loved them
A little smaller than expected but I'm pleased with the jars. They were packaged well. The glass is thick and durable. They seem airtight but that's not a concern for me.
Great motor and i love that it's USB rechargable: I was sick of replacing batteries in my old one. So far it is still going strong after charging 5 days ago. It's very powerful on the lowest setting and works extremely well for frothing bullet proof coffee. The only thing that's a little problematic is that the two heads (frother and whisk) are a little fiddly to install properly. But still a great buy.
Dry foods and snacks.
The glasses have a fantastic weight and are a larger size than a typical rocks glass - you know you're drinking when you hold these beautiful glasses!!!
Excellent for a single cup. Good construction with connected filter pieces.
My second time buying this one
I love the bottles, but I give the 4 starts because some oil has been leaking through the lid. Other that that, they are awesome and clean dispenser. I use one for olive oil and one for salad dressing.
One jar came broken. Overall a nice wall decor. Batteries only last a few weeks with timer on
I've never been able to find a toaster that works well or lasts long. I tried this off brand just as a last effort. We'll see!!! So far it's working as expected.
cute but they are more clear than pictured. main coloring is pink glitter. great for baby shower as is but price was very high compared to other cups.
I like the pots and pans, but the statement that handles don't heat up is not true. Please if you buy this set make sure to use pot holders. One burnt hand taught me.
You get what you pay for. They are overall good
I have this cup on 2 sizes and 2 colors. It's such a good cup. That being said, I do have two issues with it. First, don't expect it to keep anything hot. I don't drink much coffee but I do drink a ton of tea. My tea goes cold within maybe 5-10 minutes max. That's not a huge issue for me but it is kind of annoying and I would expect a little better from a cup that not only wants you to reuse it but use it for coffee. My second issue is the lid. It's EXTREMELY tight. This was my second cup, and this lid is just so hard to get on the cup (unlike my other one where it's easy and secure). The lid is tight on both cups (the mouth is the same size, the only thing different is the height). It really is a gorgeous cup though and I take it everywhere. I love that the kids and closures can be interchanged.
Looks OK. But works great. Only a slight taste of plastic seeps into your pop. The only concern I don't like about it is it will be hard to stop or even slow down the stream of drink until it's empty and can be messy.
These are very cute although kind of on the small side. Not big enough to be the main candle on a cake.
I bought this steamer to have for my son's wedding. I was in charge of being sure all the men's clothing was wrinkle free. It was still alot of work even with the steamer. It helped but I definitely won't throw out my iron and ironing board. Almost faster to just iron.
I've gotten many uses out of this and for the price it has done well. Unfortunately after about 7 months of continuous use the wine key broke. I'm still able to use the other components as the pourer is fabulous on preventing spills, the stopper is perfect. Even the drip ring if you happen to not use the pourer. Would definitely buy as a gift to someone who uses it once in awhile.
2nd we have owned lasts a good amount of time for the money and with 2x's a day use well pays for itself 10 fold. Makes a nice latte
This has all the basics, and a bunch of them come in different sizes. I am a little sad that the letters and numbers are pretty small. They're small enough that I have to be careful not to break the middle part of "B".
I wasn't much of a coffee drinker until I bought an espresso machine and started making myself a lot of cappuccino's. I never realized that the type and freshness of coffee beans were so important to the taste until recently. Once I learned that, I immediately bought this canister to store my beans to help them stay fresh and I have not been disappointed. Every time I open the canister, the beans smell as good as they did when I first opened the coffee bean package. I'm very pleased with my purchase and do not regret it in the least. I only wish it came with extra co2 valve filters. I took a star off because it didn't come with any extra.
Good day to day commuter coffee mug which does it job pretty well.
Of very good quality. However mine had 17 pieces and guess which one is missing? The egg. That was my only problem
This toaster looks great in my very modern/mid century modern home. It's got a little weight too, so it doesn't slide around when you press the lever. Feels like quality. It is responsive to darkness adjustments, which sometimes isn't the case with toasters. Some of the lights seem out/dim, but it still toasts well. You have to raise the lever up to get the toast out of the slots, which is a little annoying. Overall, very happy with it, especially for its great looks and sturdy feel.
looks great and holds up all the knives (including 2 cleavers), scissors, church keys i put on it. It was also convenient that it included the mounting hardware for drilling into drywall and a stud. One HUGE gripe i had with it though is with the included anchor screws for mounting in drywall: they suck... like, a lot, for my walls at least. They're very large in diameter and it did not go into my wall smoothly. Instead it kind of ripped up/shredded my wall which caused parts of the wall to stick up and the anchor screw could not sit flush. Since this anchor screw is huge, it stuck out a lot. So we took it out and used our own, smaller anchor screw. Fits the same screw the kit comes with but the anchor screw part is just smaller diameter and the threads aren't sticking out as much. Now the knife block still sticks out a tad because we didn't try to remove the wall parts that stuck out but it's not really noticeable since we tightened the mounting screws enough to squish it down a lot and our anchor screw was small enough to not cause a problem either. The other side of the knife block is screwed into a stud so we didn't need an anchor.
This is almost like the one I lost, though I have a hard time seeing the etched markings for inches and centimeters. The scraper has to be tilted just so to catch the light and be discernible. Other than that, I'm a happy baker.
I got this for mother's day. The first one I got got a little rust around the mouthpiece, but I received a replacement at no hassle and no out of pocket cost to me. I love the bottle shape, definitely stays cool for long periods of time! Haven't had any seal issues. It's a bit bulky, but I wanted the larger size, so it's totally understandable. All in all, I like it!
Good magnet to hide on things or under in my garage.
We use this for drying nuts, seeds and vegetables. At this time we have not experienced any problems.
My family loves Bagels, now we make them at home as a family. What a fun family activity!
Easy to use, helps me grill any type of meat to the perfect temperature without having to open the lid to my smoker and let the heat out, especially in the winter. Worked great for the first year, then the probe stopped working. iTronics helped me with some troubleshooting but it didn't fix the problem. Just got an email saying they're sending me a replacement! Great customer service, hopefully the new unit lasts longer than my last one.
Super cute mat. I have a border collie and the face looks just like him! I use it in my kitchen and its surprisingly comfortable for being so thin.
The bag was just right the containers made sure you didn't over pack it's great only con can't really use in the microwave often
Very excited to store my cold brew in this container. I was a tad disappointed because I love to give my cold brew a shake to disperse any grounds that settle on the bottom. When I first tried, the coffee leaked out from the top because it does not seal around the spout. Definitely NOT a design flaw..this was the intention of the design. It's just something that prevents me from doing what I did with previous containers.
Great quality! Perfect portions perfect travel size for those long car rides or long work days. Edit to add that they save microwave safe but mine melted in the microwave which is why I'm reducing a star!
My go to coffee mug.
Cute cup, a little small to be practical though
They work great, but you can not seal the lid with the opening closed (not such a big deal). Also the opening is very hard to secure.
Makes greAt coffee but coffeemaker does not allow your hand to get into that coffee pot to clean it; therefore coffee residue stays in bottom of pot. I like the attachment that removes chlorine from the Warne. Auto brew timer is a great feature.
Very sharp good set of knives. Only thing it does say made in China on the other side of the blade. Even though advertised as Japanese. Little misleading I thought. So far satisfied.
I love my blender. I use it daily. I was disappointed about the quality of the lids. I had to make a return because my blender bottle lid cracked after it was used a couple of times. Also the blender is a little noisy that I would prefer. I also think the large blender (actual blender) doesn't blend as well as the blender bottles. Overall it is a great product and I would recommend this blender over many others.
Product could have been packed better. One of the bottles was broken but the packing box was fine.
Not perfect but gets the job done!
this is great works nice and easy
Easy to read in low light
Smaller than I thought but very cute
Happy that it was pre-strung my bride loved it
Looks great, and is just the right size. The box doesn't weight a lot and therefore started sliding all over our granite countertops. This was easy fixed by adding some small stick-on felt pads to the bottom of the box. Ours came factory installed with some fingerprints on it; made for a good laugh. Would we buy it again? Yes.
Folds up easily & sturdier than the plastic version. I like the different slicing widths.
Light weight but very sharp blades. Ideal for small hands.
Great and affordable grinder
Nice and easy to use, packs light for travel, and pretty comfortable
All likes. Kitchen prep.
I had previously bought some 17 inch bags. I keep one on my kitchen counter to collect recyclables. Unfortunately, the 17 inch was just a bit too tall. So I ordered these short ones. They're a little too short, but there doesn't seem to be anything in between this and the 17 inch ones. Funny, since most of the grocery stores in my area do have a bag that is in between. Other than the height, the bags are nice and thick and the handles are sturdy. I haven't had any come off as often happens with the store bags.
Got a budget whetstone with base too big so stone slipped. This works much better but I wish the lips at the end that overhang the sink were longer.
I only give the bats 4 stars because i wish they were all bigger size. Otherwise they are very beautiful and stay in place well, does not peel paint off your wall!
Nice quality and cute print.
This is just what I thought it was. I don't drink a lot of coffee so this 10oz cup is just the right size... and BPA free is an added bonus....
I have been using it for a few month, no problem so far. It's easy to clean, and lasted very well so far. Very good value for the money.
Cute apron once you figure out how to get it on, lol.... even trickier to get off. My teen loves it though. Doesn't fit me who is a size 18 but looks pretty on the skinny people.
It works well, good idea.
These are great, a little small and some of the shapes are intricate, so they are a little fragile. My 5 year old loves it when I do this with deli ham and cheese. Even my 9 yr old and 11 year old think this is fun. Because the shapes are delicate I don't use this as much as some of my other small cutters. I would recommend this product.
I purchased this hot plate to use while my kitchen is being renovated and it works perfectly. It boils water rather quickly. It is great to have two burners. Would certainly recommend.
Its cool, just thought the handle would be longer.
I like that it doesn't scratch and that it can be washed.
Nice product. But will get broken bowl replaced at Wal-Mart rather than contend with the seller who has limited communication skills with consumers
This is a large interior oven but takes up the same width space as my formerly smaller oven. Fits casseroles easily. You could cook a whole chicken in this thing (even though I haven't ).
I haven't used this yet, so I can't review how effectively it keeps food from splattering everywhere, but these sellers are great. They even gave free recipes. 4 stars based on how sturdy it looks and the communication from sellers. I'll most likely revise this to 5 stars after I use it.
I failed to notice that this was a 3 foot line. You do NOT want only 3 feet for a tap. 5 feet minimum or you are going to be pouring lots of foam at normal keg carbonation pressures. Beyond that it's good quality, but just too short.
So I really enjoy these metal straws and appreciate the cover that comes with them for cold or hot drinks! They're a nice quality and easy to wash. However I do have a few critics about the product: 1. When my package arrived, the bamboo case was split in two- there was too much shoved into the case so that was a bummer. 2. I find it contradictory that the metal reusable straws came wrapped in single use plastic, which is exactly what I'm trying to not use because, hence the reusable straws. Other than that, this is an excellent product and a reasonable price!
Easy to use, keeps food fresh.
This product is easy to put together and looks nice on my counter. I gave it 4 stars because one of the racks was broken on the corner but I put it towards the be back.
I am using for crafting, not cakes\cookies... so I don't know if I'm getting a different result because of that... but I do find it doesn't CUT well (the cookie cutters). I'm having a lot of trouble getting it to cut... but when I do... I'm delighted! I'm really happy with the set as a whole! No, this doesn't seem like it's professional grade (the fondant tools seem pretty cheap and flimsy), but the set seems great to me! I made a few test leaves and butterflies... so damn cute!! Well, the leaves I really would have rathered have more of a defined 'fringed' edge, these don't give a really great rose leaf edge, so that was a bummer... but they'll work!! And overall, very happy with!
Just right for my wedding reception.
Bought this to store all of my over the counter medications, things for headaches, tummy aches, colds, etc. It made everything a lot easier to find, and since I don't have a lot of cupboard space it really saved me room in my cabinets. My only gripe is that it doesn't slide that well, but that could probably be easily fixed if I would just spray some wd-40 or even just coconut oil on the railing.
These work nicely as basic spatulas. However, they are not intended for very heavy loads and/or high temperatures. The front edge will wear a little with continued use, but they should hold up fine for regular occasional use. Recommended.
Very stowable for camping. A sturdy LITTLE wash tub with a removable drain for proper cleaning and draining of grey water.
Can be difficult to measure batter to avoid expansion/overflow. Tough to clean. Extra nub from spout is a little annoying, but waffles taste good!
These are good magnets but they aren't very strong. Unless you plan on using them for magnet-to-magnet contact they won't be much good. They are really tiny and easy to lose, so be careful.
Nice looking and nice feeling forks.
I really like this cup and seems like decent quality but the only issue I have with it is that when I put hot coffee in it and close the lid to keep it hot, after a few minutes the lid pops itself off and it won't stay back on unless you have it slid open. I have double checked that the black rubber seal is on correctly and it will still do it. Also, it did not come with care instructions and I'm not sure if it is dishwasher safe and I don't want to risk ruining it.
I ordered to use for my beauty products. The size of each basket is perfect. Unfortunately the baskets are just held on by gravity so if bumped the fall off.
I like it but it is slightly cumbersome for my 10 cup container. Also, it seems I have to use more coffee to steep to my desired flavor.
The gloves are great, but don't go any farther up the arm than just below the wrist. It's hard to keep your hands dry if you are doing dishes or using water in a bucket. Next time I will look for a glove that comes up a bit higher.
sturdy, stamped numbers that won't wash off. For the money, solid purchase. A little rough around the edges, but by no means sharp or dangerous, just not hand finished or detailed, which I didn't expect for an 8 dollar purchase
So far the buff is working well. It does not leave a residue on the glass like the micro cloth does.
It works great! Definitely recommend!
This is a nice can cooler. My husband uses it. Helps keep his pops stay cool, but not cold. Had I realized the top has to be screwed off in order to place a can inside, I probably wouldn't have purchased the.
Product is exactly as presented. It is compact, easy to use and makes a good cup of coffee.
Really easy to use and no grilling. You can turn it down to a low setting just to keep them warm. We have a bunch of summer picnics and it's one less thing to worry about. No more cold wasted hotdogs laying in a foil tray.
I found it easy to set up but it is a little tricky getting it to lock in place so you can use it. I haven't placed it in the dishwasher so I can't say that it's dishwasher safe. It easier to use a bottle brush and clean it with soap and water. I love having two bottles. Great for the price.
Works well. Shipping took a while.
I was actually surprised by this product! I purchased this to keep beside me in my home office. My computer keeps my room really hot but this product helps to keep me comfortable throughout the day! The customer service was great as well I had some issues with the first one I purchased and after contacting the seller they sent me another in less than a week I am very pleased.
I like this Utensil Holder but wish it were larger.
I bought this for two main reasons: prevent a mess in microwave and reduce amount of food wrap use for health reason. And so far, this cover serves these two purposes pretty well. The cover is pretty thick and durable. It's also wise enough to fit most typical plates and my microwave. I also like the fact that it's very easy to clean, no sticking at all, and dishwasher safe. I would prefer if it's little more transparent so I can see through easily, but it has done its job so far.
I am always on the lookout for a small neat coffee maker, as I have limited kitchen space. The Russell Hobbs fits the bill nicely , although I could do with less gauges and silver. It makes excellent coffee (although it does drip when taking the carafe out early). A good buy but could do with a visual redesign.
I bought these to freeze bone broth. They are a little smaller than expected but otherwise they are great.have used them now several times. They have stood up well. The others I had bought started tearing after a few times in the freezer.
I really like this over the sink dish drying rack it works really well and helps not clutter up my counters. I wish that the handles extended a bit farther because I am sometimes worried that it will fall into my sink (altho that has not happened yet.) I have a fairly big sink so that may not be an issue for other people.
This is a great size to hold your lunch!
Easy to use but just little bit not settled well.
I got this grinder for my boyfriend and he really likes it. I've noticed that the magnetic top isn't very strong so the lid comes off too easily, but otherwise a great product-- especially for the price!
It is a little smaller than expected. But it's cute. Dont know about durability yet.
This is the second one we purchased. The kettle stopped working on the other one and was out of warranty.
Perfect for meal prepping. They stack so nicely in the cupboard and fridge and are exactly what I was looking for.
This is a nice, durable bottle, but I find that my tea stays hot so long that I can't drink it for hours unless I leave the lid off for some time.
Wish there was an easy way to clean it.
Easy to clean and use.
not much more to say. :-)
good but hard to clean
Perfect for loose tea in larger mug. Metal mesh is really fine - I haven't had any loose tea fall thru. It is taller than traditional china mugs and the larger strainer was really not all that much larger than this size. Just put in the loose tea, set in your mug, pour boiling water into the strainer, wait 5 minutes and take out strainer for perfect tea. And be sure to get this one because it has the lid you can put the strainer into after use - makes for much less of a mess.
Good quality. The only reason I withheld a star is there is not one for my 9" meat slicer.
If only the inside spring is covered so that it won't rust overtime.Dont think I want to be drinking it with spring is open from the inside of the cover.
Overall good product. Unfortunately one lid fits a little awkward, it doesn't screw on right. And they all have leaked a little when I carry a juice in my lunch bag walking to work. But for going in the fridge, they are great!
I've been baking bread for several years, but could never get that nice look that you see on the crust of loaves from professional bakers. Turns out all I needed was this basket. I use it with the cloth in place (thoroughly floured), and the spiral of the basket is still visible on the finished bread. I haven't noticed any other significant changes from using this basket compared to other bowls I'd used for proofing before, but if you want to impress people with your professional-looking bread, this will give you the look you need.
Works perfect. Ice will stay all day, amazing. Never used it for hot drinks.
The sprayer works well for olive oil but would prefer a lighter mist so it wouldn't need to be rubbed around.
The quality of the containers is very nice. Thick sturdy plastic. Some containers we're smaller than expected, but still usable. The only concern was the shipping method. They were shipped with a shipping label stuck directly on the box that the containers were in. No tape and no typical Amazon outer box.
The product itself was nice and worked well for cupcakes, but there were 98 in the package instead of 100. When you've been hired to make 100 of something and end up shorted, it's a little frustrating. I live in a very rural community, so I can't just run to a store to buy more. I did, however, appreciate that they came in a plastic tube and not just in a plastic bag like others I've purchased. It helped keep them from getting smashed.
Mine did not work correctly, but the seller was super easy to work with and corrected the situation. Would purchase again!
I loved it at first,. Until my coffee started tasting burnt. After investigating, I found that I should have been running water through after use, to rinse coffee debris. Much better taste after that. However I have discovered that we really don't like espresso, so I had to order the Vertuoline, which I love.
really fun to have for a party! good size and great color
You could tell it had been opened, the sticker that was to keep the lid on was peeled back and the glass was in its box upside down. Other than that, it's a very nice glass!
I bought 2 of these to use with my Instant Pot. They are good quality and work as they should. They save me from having to try to get the pot out with pot holders risking burning my hands.
wooden handle is rough...needs to be sanded and oiled
It was w great gift for a person who was hard to shop for
Easy to use and does what it says it will.
Good but very small.
This is a gift for my daughters and daughter-in-law.
We did a lot of research before buying this toaster. You'd be surprised how many bad things people can say about a toaster. This one has great reviews so decided to give it a try. It toasts very well and evenly. Relatively cool on the outside too when toasting. However, it came with a huge dent across the body on one side. Was going to exchange for a new one, but Amazon customer service handled it very well, as always! We decided to keep it for a partial refund, to avoid several more days of waiting without a toaster. All in all very satisfied.
IT IS FINE, NO OTHER COMMENT TO MAKE AS IT WAS SIMPLY A REPLACEMENT FOR THE ONE I SMASHED AT MY DAUGHTER'S HOME.
The concept is good which make me to order the item. But the material looks a little bit too heavy and thick which is hard to open it to put in the food. It seals pretty good which i like. The packing is beatiful. Not sure if there is better product in the market.
Seems cheaply made, but has held up so far. I can see that the joints on the colander will break down at some point. They work find now but it really could be made better.
Hard to clean but work great.
Wish it was a little bigger!
Scale works awesome! Love that it turns off by itself after not in use so it doesn't wear out the batteries!
Too large a base to fit in cup holder in truck - lid leaks
wished it came with a lid.
I absolutely love this roaster, I can't wait for Thanksgiving.
Although the back heating element doesn't appear to be registering an orange glow of ignition, it's heating and toasting! In fact, I can't imagine if the back heating element flared up at full force. As indicated in an earlier review -- the back heating element is throwing heat, it's just not glowing. The oven gets extremely hot and I'm still learning how to gauge the temperature with trial and error. I've burnt a few chocolate croissants in the process!
It's cute and came fast but I expected a little more quality for the price. Sparkles seems to fall off easily.
Shipped quick in compact packaging. Great gift for my father. He loved the size. Size and quality are Hard to find anywhere else. I would purchase again.
These seal's not only work on my stainless steel hot/cold cup, but are an excellent fit for my husbands big bubba mug. Great quality and they stand up to what is advertised.
Does the job. Strong. But does have a smell which dissipated after a while
Just what I was looking for! Perfect accent for the kitchen counter. Just make sure to read the dimensions as they are slightly more narrow than some I have seen. No scratches upon delivery and so far all the hinges and locks seem to work fine. The gaskets do tend to stick to the bottom or come off but just stretch and pop them back on.
Strictly a product review because the distributor was great. The product came in great shape. When you use it per the instructions, the product leaks out on the hole on top if you are trying to make a big batch of rice. I put a paper towel over the hole in the lid, but it does not allow the steam to escape like it is suppose to. It does not create sticky rice that way. The next time I will try to put paper towel under the machine. It will still make a mess. Some one else might have a better result. This is only the result that I had. I still got good rice with it.
I bought these because I need to store food in individual servings. The larger tray, and the ease of removal allows me to freeze juice, sauce, gravy, many different items in small portions so they don't go bad and in the refrigerator.
Great quality of knife but we broke it again... second one this time.... will buy it again...
I bartend at two restaurants so having a good wine/bottle opener helps out a lot and this one doesn't disappoint. However I do wish the little blade was a bit sharper
Perfect and nice quality!
This is the first electric grinder I've used and so far everything is great. 1. It is battery operated so you don't have to struggle grinding salt/pepper 2. You can set the coarse as per your requirement and don't have to do it everytime. 3. Comes with a lid to protect from the dust. 4. It's a single handed operated so your second hand is always free. 5. It looks cool. But comes with a caveat that it's slightly tall in size to adjust battery and motors but the container isn't as big compared to overall size. But on a regular use it'll last for weeks.
works fine just a little light weight for a large cabinet.
Was a bit bigger than I expected
Useful and choices of colors match decorating scheme quite well. Great for extra protection on stone countertops.
Massive. Did I say Massive!! Too big for us. We returned them.
Great flavor! However, Will need to exchange. The lid is not a secure fit. When attempting to pour the lid full off nd the water goes everywhere !
I really enjoy these reusable bags. The closures are pretty good, although I would prefer the zipper type I think. They are sturdy and durable. My only complaint really is that they are not the easiest to get cleaned. They aren't impossible, but I would love to be able to just pop them in the dishwasher and have them come out clean and when I've done that there are still food remnants left behind. Other than that no complaints.
Know where does the instructions say how to use the motor which is upside down I thought I had thrown away a part of the blender so I bought a second one which was unneeded it was the lack of instructions that was the problem.
Smaller than anticipated although my daughter still loves it!!
only available in 110 volts is a short coming, need to use a step down transformer
These are a great deal! Although they are huge Jell-O shots! My friend brought regular sized Jell-O shot syringes and these are about double of hers. Everyone started referring to these are the jello snacks hahaha
These are very sturdy and do the job. The handles are fairly large like maybe shaped for men's hands. I later found one with thinner handles that I prefer for my smaller female hands. The Yeti Tumbler is metal and heavier than most tumblers, so a handle is definitely a benefit.
Great product! I am very satisfied with it. Cooks everything well. Very loud beeping at end of cycle is a little too much volume.
Does a good job of grabbing very hot and short handles on a cast iron or cast aluminum pan/skillet without getting burned.
Love this coffee maker. Only one problem: We can't program it to keep the coffee warm for 5 hours instead of 2.
I absolutely love this. My kids claim it's just not the same. What do they know? I think, because it uses less water, and they use the entire flavor packet, it's too salty. I told them to add water after it's cooked, but that's too much work for them:-/
works good don't use much
I really like this little gal. She holds plenty of eggs in the basket and even some overflow under her hollow body. I just wish there was an easier way to lift the top off to load the eggs (like a little handle). When my hands are wet or full, grabbing her by the head or tail gets a little tricky. She's a very cheery addition to my farmhouse kitchen.
Like in the title, the ice cube tray is great in functionality where the ice does not stick to the silicon at all. However, removing the cubes is a little difficult and I find that I need to do accomplish the task individually. I love that it comes with a lid, which makes it easy to make sure that all cube holes are evenly filled. I recommend this item and would be willing to purchase again.
This little spice/herb grinder appealed to me because it was a little tiny Death Star. I love that it has a flat bottom so it can sit in my kitchen or on my desk. The sifter has little tiny holes so it's sometimes easier to use without. The tiny Death Star unscrews so you don't have to worry about it accidently coming apart. I'm not sure how much grinding it will actually do but I do love the look and feel - perfect for Star Wars fans!
Not strong AT ALL. They look pretty but break so easily.
I use the heater next to my chair to keep my coffee warm. This heater works well but is not quite hot enough for my taste.
They fit together nicely. The colors are not as bright as the picture, though. Think Autumn colors rather than crayon color.
I expected the filter to take a long time getting the water thru, so I was pleasantly surprised that it didn't take long at all. Obviously not like no filter at all but much quicker than I expected. Now to see how it works on my husband's cancer.
So far, so good. Work great with the machine. No leaking. Would get a fifth star if there was a strip to write on it.
It's not bulky. You can fit mason jars in the other compartment side. The handle makes it perfect to sit out on the table for a buffet style dinner. I'm considering getting another one for my bedroom to organize my vanity.
We bought it for a gift for my son. He likes it.
I really like my ninja coffee maker and seems unfair to rate the coffee pot replacement separately because it does exactly what it's supposed to do in relation to its design. It replaces the same ridiculous pot that came with the original machine. It's nearly impossible to clean. I have to stuff a sponge in it and use a handle of something (a scrub brush or spatula) to try to maneuver the sponge around inside. That's how I broke the original one so it's only a matter of time. So I guess what I'm saying is that I need it for the coffee maker that I really like but I also know it's going to keep breaking so maybe it should cost less so it won't be so painful every time I buy a new one?
Great storage containers, only complaint is spaghetti sauce stains the containers.
I haven't used all of it yet but I do like it.
Great product - large and sturdy!
The numbers we received were as promised. They will make good table numbers for my wedding this weekend.
Works great ... but have to put in some effort though
Well made product. Nice lid for the coffee cup. Holds a little over 8 oz.
I have mixed feelings about the Lid. It leaks very easily if your not careful. You have to make sure that the cap is pressed down pretty good. The other problem is that it's tricky to drink out of. You can't use it like a straw, it will not release fluid due to Suction. I wanted to avoid getting one with a straw because they're a pain to clean.
The rubber seal broke/tore on every piece the first time I opened each container, brand new. Every time you use one the rubber liner comes out and you have to squish it back in too. Customer Service of the company contacted me and resolved everything however, so I am pleased with this product overall.
We like that it's insulated and we like that it's unbreakable. It Is hard to press sometimes though. I don't know if this is because the grind we are using is too fine? It is aesthetically pleasing. Overall we are very happy thank you.
Well how much can you say about a dough blender. It works well and does get the job done. It is lightweight and does have a nice comfortable grip and definitely helps me save time when baking. Since the blades are sharper then they look I would recommend just throwing this in the dishwasher for cleaning.
Am Missing one of the locking rings. Works nicely.
I like the large ice cubes this makes and the top works great due to being transparent (so that you can see how full the spaces are getting when filling it with water). Be careful not to overfill as then the ice blocks all freeze together and it is more challenging to get them out. Sometimes the cubes stick under the side ledge, but it is still easier to remove them than some other flexible ice trays with lids. I would purchase this again.
Looked great, could wash and reuse several times with care. Not the sturdiest but they aren't porcelain!
Love these trays! I like to use them for my daughters baby food
I really love the filter. No compromise on taste. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was it does drip after brewing whereas paper filters don't but my machine has a drip shut off which is perfect.
Product was just as described. They worked great for our party. Delivery was as expected.
Looks as expected but have not yet used.
Ok, so originally gave it one star because it only half ground the beans, regardless of the setting. Two days after I initiated the return I found a collar piece that sits between the hopper and the Burr. It just sits there mind you. It must have fallen off when I unpacked it from the box. Now, when it wouldn't grind correctly I must have read the instructions a dozen times to see if I missed something. The company must consider this small collar, that just sits on there, part of the grinder because it was not listed anywhere. Basically it was just "put the hopper on, add beans, and go." If it had been listed as a part, or at least a footnote to make sure it was sitting there, I could have saved myself a headache. That's why I knocked off a star on this updated review. All that being said, now that I have it assembled correctly it works like a charm. I ground everything from powder fine to chunky percolator grounds just to be sure. The catch basket could seal a little better in my opinion, but if it wasn't for the lack of instruction/confusion I would have went five stars. Now I have to go cancel the return...
Very good. I recommend it.
This is compact and VERY quiet - great for the office. If you don't bring a huge lunch, it's perfect for work. There are quite a few Tupperware containers that fit quite nicely for leftovers and it is great for storing healthy snacks for during the day. No more sharing fridge space, worrying about whether someone took your food, or having to shift that science experiment someone left in the shared fridge three weeks ago to find your lunch!
Perfect size for that little side sink. Can hold several dishes/glasses for efficient drying.
I bought 2 and I love them but the rubber feet are coming off of one. The other one is fine. I love the ability to change the size depending on the pot or pan size. They are a good quality item. Just dissapointed one is losing it's rubber feet. So nice looking!
Looks good - have not used it yet Could get 5 stars after successful use.
This Pizzelle Pro is good quality at a fair price. One reason I gave it four stars is that it seems to get really hot so you need to make sure you don't burn your Pizzelles.
I have currently placed this product in my dining table. It nice and looks better than the posted image. I am not sure if the product will withstand for a fall
Great product gave four stars only because it doesn't come out crunchy enough for mt liking but I may have to adjust temps better. Super cute though can ready lightyear perfectly.
Needs to come with 4 sets of flowers one per jar is not enough
Company issued a 25% discount on second item I bought- this was after I had purchased the second item not knowing before that purchase I was eligible for such. So they made good. Also tea kettle came in just one box- the box original to the product - no secondary packaging (Amazon's brown box). Fortunately the kettle came thru undamaged. I let company know this and they will speak to Amazon. Overall- very responsive customer service. Good product.
Love it, the only reason for 4 stars is because of the plastic spigot, I ordered the recommended Metal spigot for a replacement. We use it for sun tea and it makes a gallon and fits nicely in the bottom of the refrigerator.
Makes good Expresso.
Good for pudding, drinks and even as a bud vase
Would have been 5 stars, but half of them were glued upside down or sideways.
Really cute jokes for my 8yo and 10yo school lunch. And the back is blank so that I can write a note on them as well.
It is fantastic knife! I used regular knifes cutting vary kinds of vegetables. Today, I received this knife. I decided to tested it out with an onion. WOW! It cuts onion like it cuts a cake!!! Piece of cake!! Sharp cutting. BUT it is sticky sometimes.
Good coffee maker. Makes coffee fast.. No messes not one problem
nice unit, heavy , very well made
Had some issues with the 1st one I recieved but quickly recieved a replacement model within a few days. Thank you Alex at customer service team.
Product may be a bit small for gas stoves.
Item looked to be of exceptional quality for the price. Sturdy base and pitcher. Unfortunately I had to return it as it didn't fit under my kitchen cabinets, which are a little higher than standard at 18.5 inches. Deducted one star for the design/height...in my opinion should fit under a standard cabinet.
Loved this product for my kids birthday party.
First, let's get to the lids... It does not come with lids, you buy them separately. Why? So when you burn one on the stove, or your cat destroys one, you can just buy a replacement lid. There are no gimmicks or fancy seals or cups or scrapers to break. HOWEVER, for reasons unknown to humans, someone is taping these things together with some really cheap tape that leaves all of it's glue when you try to peel it off. I had to use some pretty aggressive chemicals to remove the stuff at about 10min per container. Really , REALLY dumb. You will understand when you try to take the tape off. It is SO bad that I reduced my rating to 4 stars.
The lunch box is of good size and has ample compartments. Has some side folders as well to place some snacks and spoons. Good quality too
First I want to say this spiderman air walker all the kids love it, even I was impressed by the size. Second, there were some sticky tabs missing ( had to put tape on it, on one arm and both wrists) Overall i liked it.
These have been great, as an economical set. The non-stick is holding up well - I only hand wash, but it's really easy with the non-stick. I'm no chef, so I don't know how well they do with heat distribution and whatnot, but I'm happy with them.
I used this container for my stoneware mugs. I liked the soft padded dividers for the mugs. However, the outside walls of this container are too soft and does not provide proper support and protection. I had to place this container inside another box to get proper protection.
It's fine. I just expected them to be a little deeper.
My husband had bought bamboo cutting boards. We found that we need to use bamboo oil. We searched on Amazon and thought we would give it a try. It does the job and smells great.
Very heavy and nice. I would have preferred a twist off instead of pushing a button to remove, probably just because that is what I am used to. Good immersion blender for the price.
This bag looks amazing....my daughter loves it! The problem I've had with it is the neoprene bags do not work well to keep a cold temperature. Every day her large ice pack is melted and everything in the bag is at room temp.
Love that my artesian bread fits so well. The toaster is beautiful and toasts well. The design of the cord placement is at the wrong end of the toaster though. It must be pulled out and flipped around in order to use it unless you have it on a counter that is open on both sides.
this is a nice pouch for the coffee maker. Recently used it on a trip. But it is a tight fit for the coffee maker, which leaves just little room for much else, especially a small pouch of coffee or sugar/creamers. I intend to keep using it though.
Not sure how well it actually filters my water, but as far as placebos go, I like it.
It's a great product with good power. I use it for soups.
I'd give it the final star if it lasts a year, but this has hardly been used. It's a nice piece of gear, works well, etc. but rating things like this too quickly is how so many kinds of Amazon things end up with 5 star reviews and break in 3 months. No reflection on this product, it's not my only Aicok item and the others are all doing fine. Aicok is the Black and Decker of China and has many kinds of countertop products, mostly very good quality, so I expect this to outlast our last couple of lower priced american made mixers. Good positive blade attaching and ejecting, switches and construction all first class. I think IF the blades truly are stainless steel rather than a steel rivet holding it together like my Sunbeam, I should be happy with it. Good power and balance. We also have the nice KitchenAid stand mixer for heavy duty baking and such, but sometimes you just need something you can grab quickly, use and pop the blades into a bowl to soak, so we picked this high powered unit. It does run a little fast, but that's pretty common of hand mixers these days... the big mixer can do slow beatings :)
Not tall enough to have good insulation
We love it! Very happy with this product.
Husband cooks wiith instapot more than I do..he likes the accessories
I liked them very much
Works great. But fussy grandkids questioned dark pink applesauce. Just use it for homemade applesauce. Does a good job.
Very basic and conservative looking will go with just about any decor
Nice size, heavy enough to hold up and attractive.
It was great for salads / work lunches until it broke after only 6 months with occasional use. One of the 4 tabs on the lid snapped off. UPDATE: I couldn't figure out how to contact the seller from Amazon, but was able to via the Lunchbots website. They contacted me pretty quick and are sending me a new lid. I should receive within the next 2 weeks.
I brought this for my friend to start her catering business off she likes the bag it fits her needs. Thank you.
Easy to assemble/disassemble. Easy to clean and makes enough to last me almost the whole work week. Love it!
Fun to use at party.
Great tongs for a great price.
Great buy. Large roasts no problem.
Cute. Well made. Bright yellow. Looks perfect on the lazy susan on the kitchen table!
Very functional. Somewhat light weight. I have had no issues to date. Recommend them. Easy to use since it is a two stage opener. You won,t struggle.
Use it everyday but the handle is loose and hard to clean the out side of it
its accurate and nice matte black finish easy to hookup and extend the probes if need be wish it would display in F though
Great idea the sliding feature. Nice looking and I am overall happy with unit. Biggest complaint is that it is not long enough for new loaf. It need expand enough to completely enclose a full loaf. When new loaf in put in unit, the sliding portion completely disengages from the stationary part, leaving a gap. But after removing 2-3 slices it re-engages.
This tutu is super adorable. Only giving 4 stars because it fell down throughout the entire party. The glue stickies that were included did not hold up the tutu as it was slightly too heavy (we used lots of the glue stickers). Just be prepared to have another method of attaching tutu to high chair.
I needed a cookie rack and this was a perfect fit! I like that the legs are short enough so that it fits nicely in a cookie sheet or as is on the counter. The rack is sturdy and holds a decent amount of cookies. I haven't experienced any rust with washes either. I did notice the rack warped slightly with one end slightly higher in the air but still worked well and the cookies came out picture perfect!
Super cute. BUT The tote handle is way too short so I can't carry it on my shoulder without the bag digging Into my armpit. I gave it to my toddler since it is still an adorable print, it's just not large enough for my personal preference.
Overall a super cute lunch bag! I purchased the yellow one and I love it! For the price the quality was as expected. Nothing crazy, but gets the job done. Very roomy and tall so you can fit drinks in it without any issue. If you're looking for a decent quality cute lunch bag for a great price this is a good option.
Seems well made and looks great. Check the size when you order. It is a coffee cup, not a tankard.
Very cute. Small and compact size
works great, heats up fast
These are very pretty,smaller then I thought but gorgeous and good quality,we used these at my friends wedding and you can actually reuse the lights.pretty cool
I purchased these filters for my refrigerator. They arrived quickly and in good quality! They are very easy to instal and last several months! The price was much cheaper online.
Just be sure the bottle is empty, and to remove the filter (in a zip lock) before passing security checkpoint. Can fill up at any water fountain and will be filtered to perfectly tasting water.
These tongs are great. Especially for the price. I've used them several times in the kitchen and around the grill. The quality is great and they seem durable. I'm very happy with these and would definitely recommend them.
The silicone baking mats worked great for cookies, crackers, & Parmesan cheese crisps. I like that they're made from a heavier material than other brands I've used. Only four stars instead of five because the guidelines printed on them aren't as useful as others, especially when making cookies that spread when baking.
It's cute and looks like the picture, took a star away because I don't get how anyone could drink tea out of this.
These are cute designs for coasters. They are good quality.
Overall great product. Easy for kids to open themselves, but lid stays on tight in backpack. Love that compartments can be switched around or taken out. Only gripe I have is the compartments aren't completely sealed, so if you take a fruit and crackers or something your crackers might get wet from the fruit and/or your fruit might get crumbs all over them. Overall though I have been very satisfied.
It was exactly what I wanted but I wanted 4 of the jars. It was not the jar but the confusing list of various jars or various numbers.
Love the light blue color...I tried a couple of other butter dishes that I didn't like because the butter slid around causing the top to get messy, but rim on the base keeps the butter neat. I wish the knob on top was just a little larger and it is rather heavy, but overall I like it.
Good product, fair price, insert needs to be deeper.
Very useful and handy
Beautiful cake topper - not a candle. The only thing I did not like we that it was too heavy.
Worked as stated. Wooden cross brace broke first use, small chip, nothing major. Crushed about 100 lbs of apples without issue. Very pleased.
I was looking for a 6" blade and these are only 4" (says that, but thought I'd try them anyway). But for cutting up my kids fruit etc for lunches, they work just fine. Very sharp. I was hoping for longer because longer are a little more flexible and makes cutting off rinds and such easier. If you just need a small workhorse of a knife, this is a good pick.
We owned one of these before, for YEARS but it did finally give out, so we bought another. I expect this one to last for years to come as well. Makes our steaks to tender and flavored. You need one of these if you are a beef griller like us!
I can't say I blame it for quitting. I got this at the very end of December. It is now April 19th and the hotter burner shined gloriously bright. I turned off the heat because it began turning YELLOW not red like normal and I thought it was gonna burst into flames. But alas, when I tried to turn it back on, she wouldn't heat up. The smaller, much less useful burner works still but after using this every day exclusively for about four months, its basically dead. I would say half dead but that smaller burner isn't good for cooking much. So why four star rating? Because I abused the crap outta this little cooktop feeding my family of six with it. Four months of HARD use is, IMO, great for a cook top this cheap. Now will I get it again? Maybe someday when my primary cooking element is my stove and not an electric cook top... But this will give you years of use for occasional use for such a small price. Until we meet again. RIP. So Pros: -Cheap -Lasts four months worth of breakfast, lunch, and dinner cooking so for the occasional use it'll last a LONG time. -Gets really hot fairly quick for an electric cook top. -Easy to use -adequate space between burners for two pots or pans -hides dirt well lol Cons: -obviously not good for heavy everyday use -grates do not lift for cleaning -numbers on knobs wore off quickly -for some reason easy to forget it's still on (may have to do with lights cycling on and off) Conclusion: excellent price for an excellent cook top for years of OCCASIONAL use, but not a good cooktop for long term heavy use.
Beautiful but ALOT smaller than expected. make great Tea Spoons. not sure what else they can be used for. still pretty!
A little pricey compared to party city, especially because they fill the ballon for free, however they quality is good and durability was great
These containers are exactly what I wanted. However, my set is missing the smallest rectangular container. Update: I sent a message to Utopia Kitchen and they sent me a new set. These containers have been great so far. I have no problem with the lids.
It looked as expected. It was a liitle pricey though.
When I purchased this I didn't see the disclaimer about it not fitting some coffee makers. I have a Bunn and the filter is too small. However, I decided to try it anyway and so far it's working just fine. I hardly ever make a full pot, so the grounds don't over flow and there is very little sediment in the bottom of the pot. I'm satisfied.
Works amazing, very fast and easy to use. However, the holding tray of mine did arrive broken.
This spoon was much bigger than expected. Didn't work for my needs. But it's a solid spoon. Probably good for scooping herbs.
Good scissors. Not quite as good of quality as I was expecting. I like that it came with three sizes that all match for my sewing desk. The small scissors have a really small tip, making them great to fit into smaller seams.
This teapot is good for what it is - basically a stylish inexpensive teapot that should last long enough for you to get your money's worth out of it. The wooden (faux wood?) handles heat up a bit when in use, but that can be worked around without necessarily needing an oven mit. It's pretty light which is nice when pouring, but does not inspire confidence that it will last for years and years. However, I don't know that one should expect much in the way of longevity from a $20 teapot. Overall, it suites my particular needs and I feel it was a good buy.
Great mixer but short cord.
I like these little containers, but wish there was an option for some a little larger. I'm not talking as large as the sugar or flour keepers, but something sized in between. The way the lid swings all the way open for easy access to the contents is great, and they seal well.
They are cute but impractical for how much they cost.
My Mom doesn't drink. She loves this to make tea in.
Not as pictured, I was hoping for the different colors. Works well though.
Only reason why I'm not giving 5 stars is because I wish it was slightly larger so I could fit a full garlic bulb inside. I can split the bulb and fit, but doesn't fit in whole. Super cute tho!
Froths milk very nicely. Button is pretty "stiff" and seems to require more pressure than other models. If you have arthritis, you may want to to choose another model.
This is a great little waffle iron inspiring lots of possibilities! The super-non-stick ceramic plates make cleanup easy, though it would be wonderful if the plates were removable. Have only had it a couple of months, and it's doing a good job, but not sure how durable it will be - I tried to press plantain chips in it and it's been a little loose ever since. Be gentle with it!
Great cups, worked perfectly for our smokey mountain honey moon! :)
This set seems high quality because it's very heavy. But because it's heavy it a little bit awkward to get the measuring cups off the ring.
This machine works great but the door and closing magnet is off enough to make keeping the door closed a bit finicky. It has not come open by itself yet but it must be closed with care or it will bounce open with even the lightest of closings. This seems to be a chronic problem on this maching judging from the reviews. The glass is designed to be open along the top to allow steam to escape but the gap makes it a "reach" for the magnet on the door frame and the metal button on the glass so it only contacts a portion of the button when closed. This situation does not allow full use of the magnets strength to hold the door closed. It is not a huge problem as long as the door does stay shut but it would seem a simple design change would fix the problem and they would quit getting these reviews mentioning the door fitment. Over all so far so good. It makes plenty of pop corn for a bunch of people and probably is a good size for a small concession stand or fund raiser situation. Despite the annoying door problem I would buy it again as it works just could be better in design. The pop corn it does make is noticeably better than the last smaller machine we had...
Nice product, mounts well and tucks away Nicky in the cupboard. A bit tricky to hang pot lids that have "D" ring handles but it still works
I haven't used the product. But the color is soooo pretty of the cup. The quality seems good.
I was looking for a gift for my cousin and I found this one. This is a very good gift. He liked it very much and it's very helpful too.
Good for the price. Not really absorbent.
I like these pans for 7” smaller cakes. I like that it comes with 2 bases.
Love these bowls. Recommended to a friend who is about to buy a set. I've had them for about a month. I use them often and run through dishwasher. Durability seems fine. Didn't give a 5 only because its been a short time, but so far so good.
Good looking and very functional.
I really love using this scoop! I use this a lot.
I like this item,have a small kitchen,so hangs in a corner changing an empty space into a useful space.
Seem to be good quality! Very satisfied. Will probably order again.!
Amazing boning knife, but it could be a little bit more flexible.
Lots of uses from frying to lifting out poached eggs and more. Every kitchen needs a skimmer/strainer ladle and this one is comfortable to use, easy clean and well made.
The orange and green colors remind me of Halloween. Even though the plastic is on the thinner side; these have been holding up well. I've had some pretty heavy loads with no rips or tears. These fit well with our bathroom, bedroom, and office trash cans.
Great magnets. My only concern was I thought they were larger, more like nickel size. I am disabled but luckily today, I am able to use the magnets and they are working well...LOVE THEIR STRENGTH!
Shipped quickly and on time. Great variety. Teenagers as well as adults had fun choosing which item to hold. Made picture taking fun. No need for a photobooth we used this product with our cell phone cameras, which added to the fun since the pics can be taken anywhere.
Product works well. No condensation on the outside. Only gave 4 stars due slight discoloring on the lid.
Pouring slowly allows fluid to run down the side of the container - a problem with large glass container without a specially designed pouring spout on the pouring lip.
Great find! I took a few bottles of wine as gifts and they arrived safe in my checked luggage in NY.
Looks good. Not very durable.
looks good in our kitchen, magnets are strong enough to hold the knifes but still easy to remove them. shipping was prompt . very happy with mu purchase.
Too small but great product
Large enough to make a big curry for dinner. Cleans up easily. Fun, nice handles, good strudy pan.
Thought they had the attached fold in bag for easy folding. Disappointed
Been looking for these found a great deal couldn't pass it up.they do the trick
It's OK, but limited to the small caps on things like water bottles and some of the smaller juice bottles. It's too small to use with things like jars of jelly or mayonnaise and many large juice bottles.
Tea is delicious and hard to find in stores. The package arrived all busted up
Its pretty cool I use it for potato chips and fries veggies. I like it.
Nice color, works well. I like the storage underneath and the extra attachments that don't usually come with a hand mixer.
set on pan on propane grill w/ chicken thigh inserted vertically in each of indents and cooked. It was used to catch grease prior to dripping into fire and then trashed. No cleanup mess. Over priced for value/worth of product received.
Great for what it is. Really did come in pre-seasoned. Good weight to it. My only complaint was I didn't realize that the amazon logo was actually on the front. Doesn't take up much space but it's a bit of an eye-sore. Funny thing is getting those words grilled into a sandwich or piece of meat. I wouldn't mind it but be aware if your gifting it to someone that those letters are part of it.
Holds wooden spoons well.
Trying to get away from plastic and my kids really like these (took a little adjusting but they came around). We've only had them a few months and both lids have little slits- like holes in them... (i did not wash them in the dishwasher)
It is a comfy daily bag which I can bring it to the school, work and gym. This is 90% similar to the product that I was looking for, and I'm glad that I found this one. The only thing that I don't satisfied with is the pockets inside which are too small. Other than that, it is worth spending money!
This is great, I love it.
No additional comment
I'm a consumer of expensive high end cooler products and coffee cups and thermoses. I needed something to keep a large volume of water cold throughout long days in extreme conditions. I was excited to see this RTIC jug come out in camo so I purchased it. From having used Stanley products for 15yrs I know a quality double walled Stainless vacuum thermos when I see it and the RTIC jug Delivers. I would say the quality of the jug is on par with Stanley's best products. The camo on the jug is also impressive, better than the pictures and includes tree species from the eastern part of the US where I live which I liked. It's so detailed I actually had to put some stickers on it so I don't lose it in the woods. My only gripe about the jug is the cap and spout. It fits tightly and doesn't leak but feels chincy and the spout is Definitely too small. It isnt made from drinking directly from but also isn't big enough to pour smoothly into a cup or water Thermos. I give it 4 stars because of the spout and cap and would love to see RTIC redesign that, but other than that I love it. I use it every day and it keeps water ice cold with minimal ice for multiple days.
It's a great sturdy lunch bag made with quality materials. you can hold a lot of items in the bag and it keeps the food cold for a really long time
This KRUPS electric kettle performs just as advertised, the best one we've had.
Unit works good, other reviews state that it will boil water quickly and that is true in a small pot, the pot has to be slightly smaller than the burner for it to work well, anything larger and it will be slow to boil water and keep it boiling. Other than that it is a great unit and works great.
We have only been using our ice maker for a week now but everything seems to work as promised. We bought this to take on camping trips and I think this is really going to work well for us.
I have enjoyed my Keurig. It is easy to operate.
Easy to use! We love this !!! Came with a cute box !!!
My only complaint is that the water has a faintly soapy (for lack of a better word) taste to it.
I like this mold but looks more like a maple leaf.
Product was amazing..tried my fav sorbet recipe. It came out very well...
The product arrived on time. I only wish they had the 14" width, other then that it's very pretty.
Just as they were pictured.
Bought as a birthday gift for a Hello Kitty lover. She dug it. Enough said.
My four year old grandson loves to play with it and my wife likes to clean the convection oven with it!
bought them as backup so haven't tried them yet. they look simple and should work fine.
Excellent assortment of icing tips with a very quality container that they are stored in. Just be aware that there is supposed to be information included regarding the access of the referenced e-book. I had to contact the seller for this information as it was not included with the order which I received.
I think this is over priced, but it does the job.
I recently got into bread baking and decided to give this a try. The basket size is clearly mentioned in the product description and I found that to be true. I read a review saying that it was small but it is true to description. It comes with a liner cloth, a bread lame and a scraper. The rattan is smooth as of now. Only time will tell how it holds up. The only problem I had was with the lame. It wasn't sharp enough. Doesn't look like the blade can be replaced for a new one. Not a deal-breaker for me though.
It does what it says, but use it outdoors - preferably down wind in a hurricane. MAN does it stink. Lots of warnings for use. Wear a respirator.
Solidly built. Good for stabbing pork skin.
These are beautiful ~ a definite reorder for the next bridal shower I attend.
Very basic and nice to have bamboo cutlery. I give it only 4 since there was some splintering on a fork and spoon. I can easily sand it down, I just hope it does not make it easier to absorb moisture. I like to use these instead of take away plastic, to cut down my plastic use. They are easy to wash and dry and should have some kind of food grade oil used to keep them in tip top shape.
The tumbler indicates it has leak proof/slide lid and it does not! Only reason for 4 stars, the colors are as expected and they are nice size and weight! Dissappointed that the lids are not as advertised (box/packaging also indicates "leak proof") since it is a smaller/shorter tumbler and leaks/spills are and do happen :/
great set that's good for gift
Great quality. A little small but can just fit a frozen pizza.
Keeps my drinks hot or cold (yay!) this thing is definitely not spill proof and I recevied it with a den
For those seeking an original type waffle maker with the small “holes”, this is not the waffle maker you're looking for. While this maker is efficient and reliable in making super crisp (or super soft, unit temp is adjustable), the larger holes are more Belgian than original. That being said, this cranks out evenly cooked confections from almost any type of batter, and quickly. Interior clean up is easy thanks to the super nonstick plates, and after a hefty dose of batter spillage over the sides, a quick swipe removed the crusty residue. I docked a star because no product is perfect, and this unit will burn the crap out of you if not careful! Still highly recommended.
I love the idea of the reusable straws. Even more that they are super easy to clean. Liked that it came in it's own special bag and it came with a cleaner. My only complaint is the circumference of the straw.
REALLY DIFFERENT. I'VE NEVER SEEN ONE LIKE IT. COOL TO LOOK AT AND COOL TO DRINK FROM.
Thought it would be bigger but it fits my kids need & she loves it.
Bent this a few times on water Mellon rind. Bends back in place, just have to be gentle
I bought this as a lunch bag for work and also plan on using it for a cooler my kayak and camping. So until next summer I won't know how well it keeps ice and cold beer. But for now it's a great lunch bag and love the accessory straps on back and front zipper pouch. The extra plastic liner that goes in with velcro didn't last long enough to use because as I was trying to straighten it out, the seam at the bottom tore. Well that part went straight to the trash. It's not really needed but would have been nice to have to keep the cooler clean inside.
Excellent results right from first use. However, minimum volume is over 8 ounces. Would prefer a smaller minimum for casual use.
After looking at several bento-style boxes, this one felt like the best combo of features + value. My son is 2.5 and the portion compartments are perfect for him but overall, small. It's a bit difficult to close so I took a star off for that but even so, has not leaked yet. Overall, I'm very pleased with this purchase!
I would have liked to have given this prodcut 5 stars but with no handles and a non-screw cap lid, it is difficult to move when full. The product is very sturdy and fits in the refrigerator nicely. The wide opening makes it easy to fill. The metal spigot was easy to install and did not leak with either warm (sun tea) or cold liquids (lemonade).
Look great; feel great in my hands; seems sturdy, but I've only had and used them daily for over a month. I don't like washing the slotted spoon (but any slotted spoon is tough to wash). I only hand wash mine.
Great bento box but my 4 year old has to be careful opening it...the seal is sooo tight that she almost tips the box over to open it because there is no where to hold it with your other hand when taking the lid off
Great for keeping butter in...two sticks. But unlike another that was not instock, it does have a gasket on the lid. I wanted it better sealed, so I used a large rubber band ... it works well
Nice silverware set. They are shiny and well made and does not seems cheap, although they are a tad lighter than what I have expected and the size of large spoon seems too large for me, but overall a very good set for the price. I like the range of the utensil in the set the box is also pretty good, you can use it as a gift too. Good set, great for the price
Goes with my plates and looks great with my kitchen cabinets. It was truly very affordable and at 700 watts, ideal for our use. The only thing is that the plate sits a bit wobbly, but really more of an annoyance than practicality.
I really wanted it for a fondant mold but it didn't work out so good. So I went with the melted chocolate.
It's a very nice fruit basket. I'm using mine to carry all kinds of stuff like bread, meds etc.. it's narrow which means it doesn't hold a large capacity of fruits or whatever else you want to place in it. It's taller than I expected and when I put it on my small breakfast table, the height is very visible. It's not ugly, though and doesn't take too much space. Just a tall fruit basket. It is very well-made and sturdy, I also like the unique, modern look. Swings like a hammock when you push it, rather cute. Overall, I'm quite satisfied.
Two tops arrived damaged, but otherwise I can't complain. These jars were exactly what I needed for my magnetic spice rack project.
good but don't use very often
Bday share jar / a big hit at girls weekend away!!
Is a nice bag. Definitely liked my 31 tote better because it fit more items in it. This works if you're only packing one meal. I usually need to take my breakfast, lunch, snack, and insulin with me. This bag really only has room for one meal and a drink.
I seriously enjoy being able to monitor temps away from the grill and smoker. The dual probe also makes it handy to monitor two pieces of meat that are either different sizes or are two different cuts.
update: after removing the second gasket, all is good! had to get a response from seller to know to do that. now it works great! This bottle works great but the lid is horrible!!! It will just pop off! Happened at home twice, at the gym once and is a total problem! Went to return it, but missed the date by a week. There should probably be more threads on the outside of the bottle, the lid has plenty, but you think it's closed and it isn't! Don't buy!!
Work great for cooking in a wok only issue is wooden parts of handles are very loose and wobbly would be better if handle was better attached or all stainless steel
The product is fine and good quality. The shipping was horrendous. Neither the original ( which was left by the street in the rain and mud) nor the replacement were in Amazon boxes...just in the flimsy manufacturer shelf box. Both were unsealed and the end flap unsecured as shown in the photo. Shipping not up to Amazon standards either in packaging, or in the first item secure location.
I have a number of Blender Bottles and love them, but (1) the plastic starts to look a little grungy (even with daily washing) and (2) I want to start getting away from drinking from plastic bottles (any plastic), so I was excited to see this product. I read the other reviews and yes, the sound of the mesh ball is a bit louder but IMO, not terribly so and certainly not when there is liquid inside. It is metal so it will be louder. Also, you should know this is not an insulated container, so it won't keep your water colder any longer than the BB plastic bottles. Also, regarding the snap lid, the first couple of times I really had to press hard to get it to snap shut but after that had no problems and it's tight as a drum! My biggest sticking point is the price. I understand why it's more expensive, but still causes one to look twice, however will probably invest in another, if this one holds up. All in all, it's a nice addition to their collection!
I love this, bought for the price. May upgrade to an electric. Does take time
This is working fine and its well made.
I use these for mixing epoxy they hold up to the stirring nicely and flimsy enough to pour the epoxy out onto the tumblers. Easy to read markings as well.
Jars arrived on time and started using them to make diffusers, Candles and with Aroma Beads.
Good broom and shovel. Sturdy and effectively cleans various surfaces.
Slow to heat.. more wattage in the heater element would help. Don't expect an instant brown marshmallow.
Did not receive the 21 day planner or Ebook via email after my purchase.
I like the design, function, and aesthetic a lot. Only comment is that the tap assembly is very cheap and always drips a couple times in my fridge after I fill a cup
Definitely not good for utensils. Needs to be deeper.
This is a high quality cup that maintains the temperature of the content over nigh very well. Easy to open and close, perfect for those who need some warm/hot water first thing in the morning. Highly recommended!
A little large for the hand but in good quality
Great little peelers, very sharp, take some getting used to. Not sure if these are dishwasher safe or what...wish it said on the package.
I wish these were a bit larger.
I love how pretty these are. They make beautiful gifts! They aren't as easy to clean as I would like however. My old one has a bottom that twists off for easy rinsing and these don't. It requires a lot more shaking over the trash can and smacking against the side of the sink. But hey, they're fairly strong to take such abuse! And they're dishwasher safe. Which is a plus.
Works perfect for what I needed. Took a star away for how dirty it arrive, covered in dirty dust.
It fits and works for our pot lids.
I've only had this for a month or so. In this time it has worked well. From the looks of it I suspect it will last a lot longer than that 10-20 dollar varieties. And it's a lot quicker.
Works as expected. Wish it was taller.
Cute Idea, was a big hit
Came quickly! Thank you it's very nice
If they are not perfectly cleaned in the track and lined up exactly right, they will leak your cake batter everywhere. I placed them on a cookie sheet for stability purposes but it made quite the mess when one of the two leaked. They work but you have to be super careful cleaning them and putting them back together.
Arrived on time and as described.
Adhesive works well so there was no need to use the provided screws. Very satisfied with them.
Very nice quality. Wish the recessed part was a bit deeper but still love them. For intertaining especially with paper or plastic plates.
Bought for bridal garden tea party theme. Very pretty and strong enough not to worry about outside use. The spoons are thin and cheap. I didn't use them. I purchased lovely porcelain spoons that went beautifully with them. The bride loved them so much they went home with her! I'd like to order another set. The pastel colors are pretty but the lavender one is barely distinguishable from the pink which is disappointing.
It is a great slicer. It sometimes spews bits of meat out the back. You need to remove the blade to properly clean it. I recommend cut resistant gloves for when you are using the slicer or cleaning it. You need to cut a lot of meat at one time to make it worth cleaning it. I have not tried it yet with cheese. The instructions for use and for cleaning are insufficient. There are websites that can help you figure it out. The instructions provided appear to be translations that do not make complete sense.
Useful but wish it was a tad smaller
overall good design, but the glass seems too thin. I am afraid of shattering the glass by slight bump to the countertop.
Pretty Sharp, but I've had better.
I wish these companies would offer these in a wider variaty of colors. I hated the fact that it only came in black.
Well made, easy to operate espresso maker. Does not require a separate tamping function. I would have given it 5 stars except the operator's manual is among the most poorly written I have ever seen. Not sure if it was just a lousy translation from Italian or if the writers simply don't know how to write in clear English. Either way, trash the manual and watch online videos on how to operate and maintain it.
I love the one-handed convenience of this bottle. I added a rubber boot to the bottom so it won't bash up my husband's gorgeous handmade wood furniture. Around the house, it's great. I drink carbonated water almost exclusively, and it has a tendency to spit a little when you break the seal to drink. That's ok. BUT when I took it camping, filled it with fizzy water and slid it into the horizontal bottle holder on the ridgeline of my hammock on a 28 degree night, somehow the release got triggered and it dumped cold fizzy water on my face and sleeping bag. Might have a problem dropped sideways into a briefcase as well. Still my favorite water bottle for home, and for camping I just put a different lid on it. This bottle's lids are interchangeable with my Hydroflask bottle.
Get some Mojitos going, this is the one item that works great to get all these ingredients nicely mushed together
Super helpful tool! I love the multiple bread slicing options! I couldn't keep making homemade bread without a good slicer. It folds up so easily & I do really like having the bag to keep all the parts together & so it won't fly open when its put away. Only complaint, several of the tongs have wood that is splintering off. I guess I should buy a wood sander to try to smooth everything down for good, but It's a bit nerve raking that my sliced bread might have a splinter hiding in it from cutting the bread.
Nice to have handy in case of emergency. Gave one to my daughter before her camping trip. Have the other one on my keychain in case of emergency. Not too bulky.
Ease of cleaning, and removing frozen cubes is a breeze!
Good for what I needed. I've had no issues with it so far except that the cups are just too small in size. I like its noiseless feature. If you want an effective grinder and you are a patient user, buy this product.
I didn't check actual measurements, just ordered the "large" and it seems rather small
I liked the saying on it very much. It is a very nice mug.
Beautiful but very thin
I bought a same product a few months earlier , it was $5 less
My 5 yo is super excited to use this. Dog ate the last lunch bag we had.
4 month update: My fix was still going strong when someone at work decided that I didn't need the thermos anymore and gladly swiped it from me. I guess they saw how much I liked it and decided it was easier to steal than buy one themselves. So here I am back to buy another one. Going to use the same O-ring fix I described before on this one to keep the silicone piece in place. Seriously, try it if you are having that problem. It works good. Original Review/fix So when I bought this thermos, I read a lot of reviews that people were having problems with the lid. Where the silicone piece would get loose and the lid would fail to open when you push the button. I read that a lot of people were buying new lids from the manufacturer because the silicone piece was not able to be purchased by itself. Well I'm not sure if the silicone piece just ended up getting loose over time, but the problem with mine was shortly after I bought it, that silicone piece started slipping off the lip that is on the cap. So I was trying to figure a way to keep that from happening, and this is what I came up with. Go to Lowe's and buy the delta o-ring set for repairing a faucet. I included a picture with the model number. It has four o rings, they are the same diameter but 2 are thicker. Well I took off the white silicone piece that seals the lid, and I put the two thicker O-rings over the circular area and pushed them down so that the silicone piece that opens the lid cannot slip over the lip. Then I put one of the smaller O-rings at the top of the other two to keep them from moving up. Pictures are included to kind of show you what I did. I've been using it about a week and so far so good. Now if that silicone piece that opens the lid gets too loose then I imagine it will eventually stop opening the lid but my solution fixes it from slipping over the lip. Hope this helps somebody else out there.
Great little cheese board. Attractive and perfect size for a small gathering.
Love it. Handle is a little heavy but it's sturdy.
The last Presto Cooker lasted a while, but this one is a bit weak. Working ok for a few months so far. Sometimes the gasket is bit leaky, makes a mess around cook stove. Over all I would recommend it.
While yes, I'm happy with these mats, they seem just a slightly bit thinner than Silpat mats, so I will see well they wear from use.
We like these spoons because they are super long. They are just what we wanted.
Pro: Makes cutting job easy. Works well. I cut almost all vegetables in this and am glad I bought it. I Cons: 1. You have to cut vegetables to about 2x2 inch size first before using this. 2. Cleaning is hard. There is a mesh on the top(inside that green top), onion peels and vegetables get stuck there and I have to use a knife to pry them out. If you are cutting one onion, I woudl rather cut with my knife. But if there are lots of vegetables I use this thing.
I was making cookies, and it seemed like the mixer had to labor a little. In kind of a small jumping motion. I kinda had to hold it in. Place. Maybe the cookie mix was not moist enough. We will see in the future.
So far so good. Much better than my messy butter dish
I bought these for my son't birthday party and although they won't win any prizes for strength, they did the job well and I was able to wash them and will keep them for future use. Once they were loaded with fruit and veggies, they got a bit wobbly and had to be held with both hands to prevent spilling, but otherwise, did their job well and looked nice while doing it.
As advertised. Very happy with it.
Really love this blender, it blends everything how I want it
When I bought this set I was aware that they were going to be heavier than a nylon utensil but I wanted the extra protection it gives to my pots. It is heavier for sure, but easy to get used to. Great quality.
It was smaller than expected
I bought this for my RV. The Colander fits and works great. It also seems to be made well. The reason I'm not giving this before five stars is that was missing the funnel when I receive it. Unfortunately Amazon was unable to send me another funnel witch I would have Preferred but they give me credit on my next purchase.
so far I like the product - after two days.
Works well for our restaurant. Not as heavy duty but does its job. Also includes the attachment to keep it from sliding on the table.
I wished it was bigger!
It is tough to change time unles you unplug the clock and start over, same with the alarm
The kids are great. I bought them with the stands to start sprouting with jars. They worked fine. Honestly though, I would have liked something simple like a cheap plastic jar tipper...but thought, at the time that more fancy was better. Not necessarily true. You dont need to be able to tip jars at unlimited angles...just far enough to get the water out without clogging the holes.
I do love my spice rack very much, it appears as lovely as the photo, and can be used propped on the counter top or hung on the wall. Don't let the free spices fool you though, shipping will cost at least $22 if you try to reorder.
Okay I need to update this review. This morning the brewer just stoped working we have been using it for about 30 days now. It just shuts off and on. I did contact amazon and they will be sending me a replacement. I hope this is just a fluke because I absolutely love the product (when it was working). my father in law has one also. He has had no issues over the many months he has owned his. Best ninja coffee system yet!! It's amazing. I had the original coffee bar which we loved. But it was time for an upgrade which I'm so glad we did. We've been using the new one for about a month now. I looove that u can cold brew in it. The attached frothed is great. Ive made so Many great drinks in it lattes, cold brew, iced tea, green tea lattes, but best of all it makes a great cup of coffee and tea. And it's so user friendly even my 5 yr old can make ice tea herself with the ninja. My only criticism is that it does not have a water sensor and with it being on the back it out of sit out of mind so ur tank could run out of water with out u realizing.
Ordered "jet " as one reviewer said it was a dark brown. Just received mine. It is BLACK! This is the second one I have ordered as it is very difficult to pick a color online. (A description of the colors would help cut down on returns due to color problems). Will update my review after some use.
I use these small bowls for my homemade yogurts. After awhile the lids that came with these bowls where getting harder to put on. It seems like the lids was shrinking or maybe from the hot water I use to wash them. I tried to find replacement lids for the bowls, but with no luck. Then one day I searched again and found these silicone stretch lids for mason jars. So I bought a set of ten to try it out. They worked great, but you must be sure the silicone lids and bowls are dry to work properly. So if you need to replace the lids try out these lids. Here are some pictures to see how they look.
Too small.I should have ordered bigger size
The only negative thing about this bottle is the lid. I wish it flipped open and had a small hole rather than screwing off and leaving the whole top open. I have a tendency to lose control and pour too much dressing on. I'll probably find a lid from a store-bought bottle of dressing that fits this one and swap them out. I haven't tried the recipes on the bottle so I can't speak to those. Only one minor complaint; everything else is great. Would recommend.
Very nice looking but too small to cook anything.
I love these bowls. They are great for mixing food in. My only dislike are the lids not staying on.
I love these gloves! No more nicked knuckles when I grate vegetables or cheese. Thank you! Would've given 5 stars but wish I'd gotten a size smaller. Otherwise - very pleased with my purchase.
Pros: Cute. Easy to use. Quick shipment. The white is very white and the brown is warm color. Cons: Edges are curled on the first few liners making it harder to fill. Slightly smaller than I was expecting. Overall would buy again. Very pleased for the most part.
I love the idea of these bags and I use them to keep food fresh in the freezer. My one complaint is that it can be hard to get them open and closed.
Good running vaccum. Suction could be better.would like it to have two suction mode.would buy again, if improvements wear made,and price would not go up.
Perfect for my camping needs. Like the sheaths.
Very colorful. Would be a great gift
Great for all my spices, unfortunately one of the lids is bent and won't screw into the jar, so one of my jars has no lid.
My daughter hated when I used my instant pot because the quick release was so loud. After I got this dragon she isn't scared but actually loves it! The topper lessens the loud noise of steam while being funny that it comes out of his mouth. The only thing I don't like is that water gets stuck in the topper and I have to get creative in order to fully dry the inside.
Connect to fermenter tank.
Bought this as a gift and they love it. Might have to order the other sizes for ice cream.
Love these little mugs. I was looking for a new coffee mug and picked it for the flip top lid because I find the other styles too hard to keep clean. This mug keeps drinks warm for hours! And seals really well too. We have four of these now because we like back ups when we inevitably leave one at work. I will say that one of the mugs had a sealing issue at first because the rubber insert was different from the others we received, but we ended up swapping it out for the rubber band on the straw lid top and it now works just fine to keep our coffee from spilling!
This oven toaster is pretty good. I like how it has to control temperature, has a timer, has an option to not have a timer, broiling, and manageable. I don't like how it's has a small space. It is not heavy
Straws where a big hit. I used them as a prank reveal I got both colors and once they were put into the drink they changed immediately make sure the guests of honor gets theirs last and everybody does it at the same time
I hate grating cheese but don't want to use/eat the pre-shredded cheese because of what they use to keep it from clumping. THIS cheese grater makes grating cheese soooooooooo much easier and much faster! I can grate an entire block of cheese in about 3 minutes. LOVE IT! Easy to take apart, dishwasher safe and not too big to store...the only improvement I'd like to suggest is to make the "spout" longer so the cheese all falls into a bowl. The spout is a bit short., but other than that, it's fantastic. I've already sent one as a gift to a friend who owns a BnB.
easy to use and great price for pump espresso maker
Small & can hang on the wall.
This mug is a present for my son-in-law. I bought one previously for my daughter and he used it with a great compliment that he wanted one also. I will oblige him one for his birthday.
I love it! It was my first time buying a turning table. And I think it's a great deal for the 3!
The glass is like handblown glass and has a somewhat delicate feel, though it does stand up to flames on a gas cooktop. Just like its picture it has a certain charm. Though it is not as useful as expected due to its capacity being 17 ounces (if that). Ok for brewing two demitasse cups of tea but not enough for more traditional cups. Going to keep it because it is pleasant, but guess I won't be able to find the circumstance to use it often.
I love my air fryer, but I wish it had a way to manually turn it on and off...I have to plug it up to turn it on and unplug to turn it off. I use my fryer sometimes 3 times a day...its convenient but annoying to have to always plug it up....
My only criticism would be the size. I wish they were at least 30% bigger. The picture is a bit deceptive regarding the size.
These bowls are awesome for the price. They have a good solid weight to them and don't feel like they are going to break when i set them down on my granite counters. The depth and width are almost perfect.
I purchased this toaster for its quality, functionality and appearance. The quality had proven to be excellent as is typical with Cuisinart appliances. The functionality is good. The selection buttons in front are tiny and a little awkward but they are rarely if ever used. The appearance is a definite plus. It's available with either black or red plastic sides. I ordered the red and it's a dark rich color not a bright garish red. The gleaming stainless steel center pieces are beautiful but they show every spot and are challenging to clean. I haven't needed a toaster cover before but got one immediately to keep toaster protected when not in use. Strongly recommend a cover.
I found these tags to be just what I was looking for. Simple, yet elegant. I did darken the first letter of each with a permanent marker so it stood out more in dim lighting. Works perfectly.
These are a little lighter weight than our larger older splash guard, but they get the job done and it's nice to have the smaller sizes for out smaller pans, it makes fitting everything on the stove easier.
Very nice item are use it all the time
We have had miserable experiences with gas grills. Regardless of cost, they seem to last at best a year or two. Then a relatively small but ridiculously expensive part fails, and it would be as cost effective to buy a whole new grill. After repeating this cycle several times, I decided to try this indoor electric grill. The pros: It's easy to assemble, easy to use, and easy to clean. And it really is smokeless. The cons: It requires a little experimentation to learn how long to cook meat to your preferred degree of doneness, and you won't get that nice charred flavor you get from a gas or charcoal grill. However, I'm confident than with a little time and creative seasoning I can overcome these minor obstacles. I can see this little grill getting lots of use.
I used this product for my new counter top and I like it.
Cute but hard to assemble and keep together.
Good quality rubber. A little larger than jar opening. Did measure before ordering and purchased correct size. Loose around the opening but still serve the purpose.
returned for a smaller size. The product is fine. I just didn't realize how big it was going to be.
This container is big enough to fit a medium size fish. I'm very satisfied with the size and quality. Haven't put it in oven for cooking, but I use it to store meat and fish in the freezer. Only thing I don't like is the lid. You have to align it accurately to snap the side to the container.
Oops, found the spoon. Coffee tastes good.
Would give it a 5 if they had an adjustment on the fineness of the grind.
These work quite well. I do wich the buttons were a bit easier to hold down and that the LED lights were brighter. All in all, this was a good buy
I was surprised by the size and expected bigger. however, I like that I can pre cut or set stuff aside for later when cooking.
Thermal ability to hold coffee hot is very good. It feels a little bit like plastic, but when you bang lid & body together you know it's glass. This is definitely a keeper - i've been through 6-7 other thermal cups both plastic & ceramic. i'd give it an A-. To move it to an A or A+ for me (these are more my situation than flaws of the device): 1) 1 oz larger capacity 2) 1/4" larger diameter 3) 1/2" lesser height, so it could fit in my microwave without having to take lid off for reheating. I drag my first (and usually only) cup of coffee out for two+ hours, even good thermal cups are going to cool off, and a short stretch of microwave zap bring the temp back up to spec.
Bought this for my in laws who always forget if the dishwasher is clean or dirty. They love it and have no complaints.
Excellent for cost. Works like a $100 machine
I like this percolator, but the tube that you put in the hole in the bottom of the pot is somewhat difficult to get into with the tube. I have messed up my coffee several times this way.
Add the foil cups to make even better
My mother had one of these when I was home growing up. This isn/t quite the quality of the 'old one' but does the job.
They work great. I have 2 of these smaller ones and one of the larger ones. Perfect for drying handwashed items.
I like the egg stripper. For me though it does not perfectly remove all the egg shell. I do admit I use mutiple colored eggs so that may be why but it sure beats having to peel all the eggs when I boil them. It has cut my time in less than half. For me when I place in the container and shake it causes the peel to be loose and for the most part I can peel it right off. Some of my eggs are stubborn but I NEVER have to peel little bitty pieces like I did before I had the Egg Stripper. I like to make deviled-eggs so I will do 12 to 18 eggs. So this saves me a lot. I just would recommend not to shake too hard. I did that the last time and my egg broke and the yoke was all over the place. Sometimes it's a little challenge to open the stripper when I try to remove the eggs but that could just be me. I am glad that I purchased this product.
I have tried them with smaller snow crab legs,,,they really go through well , but the snow crab being smaller , the advancing lower end tears the meat.....However, king crab being much bigger , this should not happen....will be trying next week
My friend who recommended these absolutely loves them! I'm having a little difficulty using the fasteners ... maybe a bit more detail in the instructions would help. Yes, I know it looks pretty simple, but I AM having issues getting the clip on the bag so that the bag seal ....
These are such cute utensils. They brighten up my kitchen, hold up well in the dishwasher and are easy to store. I like that the measuring cups are collapsible because it saves space.
Its Luks simple and easy handling.loved tis scale.
It was a gift for my mother, she loves it!
The scale is thin and light-weight, so it's easy to store in my tiny kitchen. The description said the scale would be silver, but I was sent one that was bright blue. The different color didn't bother me, so I decided it wasn't worth the time and hassle to request an exchange. As others experienced, the batteries that came with the scale were corroded, so I had to run out and buy some more AAA batteries to get the scale to work. Not the end of the world, but still, if a product is going to advertise that batteries are included, it would be nice if those batteries were actually usable. That's the main reason for deducting a star. Otherwise, I've been happy with the product.
Cooking love using it as my lid.
Worked really well at first but after several uses it slowed down a lot. Cleaned really well, changed battery but still didnt seem to work as well as when we first got it. But I my 4 year old really like it for the time we used it so she could get her own milk. Made her feel little more self sufficient.
Nice lunch bag the shoulder strap could be a little longer but other than that I'm happy.
I LOVE THIS THING! Only complaint is I selected white and received green.
Item being utilized for said purpose
I made the mistake of putting my left hand on the clear top over the waste container while I was opening the juicer. It broke a small corner piece of the top but it is still operational. I also learned that if you are planning to make more then one container at a time (a pitcher), it is best to do a quick rise and brush of the screen after each full container that you juice. This is my first juicer so I can only say that it works great and is easy to clean.
Purchased for our chicken coop. So far works just fine.
This dish is so cute and exactly what I was looking for! It is dainty, fits perfectly on edge of sink without taking up too much space. It holds your regular size sponge perfectly. I appreciate that it was a fairly plain design. Some sponge dishes are very colorful or specific in style. The only reason I'm rating less is because of price. It wasn't unreasonable, I just think for the product it should be a little less.
Hard to read without a dark colored liquid inside.
Prompt delivery. Good quality. Well made, solid and handsome, easy to clean. I have had several of those. They are good for a couple of years of everyday use. The control is fairly precise for the individual item but will vary from unit to unit. Some will have a quicker on/off cycle and give different level of heat at the same setting. Once you get used to this it works great.
Cleaning my hardwood floors has never been easier or quicker!
This was the perfect size for my outdoor gas pizza oven. It folds up, but it's sturdy when unfolded. The non-stick coating is very helpful. The only issue (which wasn't a huge surprise) is that the bottom coating scratches off easily when transferring on and off of a stone. Overall, a good purchase.
These wash up so well.
Ok tongs, nice to have the built-in rests. Just don't like that the tips of the tongs are soft and bendable, making for an iffy grab.
Works well, just wish it was a bit longer.
Smaller than I thought it'd be but the design is pretty cool. Wouldn't recommend rum or any substance that can be affected by sunlight. Haven't decided what I'll put in it yet!
It fits my stand-up kitchen aid mixer perfectly and is of good quality. Has plenty of room for all my attachments to fit. The only complaint I have it isn't the color I was expecting from the photo it shows.
This unit has a good feature set, does a good job and is well made of sturdy plastic that is easy to clean. The cost is good compared to the competition.
This piece is made completely of metal. Nice and elegant
This is very easy to use and clean. The only slight negative that I have is that the finished product is very dry.
This set is extremely convenient since it fits so well in a drawer. We are on our second set of these and my only complaint is that they seemed to dull a bit quicker than a lot of my other Knives. That said we still liked them enough to replace our lost set with this identical one!
Would have given 5 stars except it is a little larger than my turntable.
This makes cooking so much easier. I'm only worried that the cord could break, but so far so good!
Saw this at a friend's. Had to get one for myself to replace the paper plate. 2 for the price of 1 with this company but they come in a bag with no marking or explanation so you may have to put a note in it if you gift it. Other than that I love it. Kept one. Gave one. :)
These are a very nice set. The containers come with extra easy to apply labels. The lids are a very nice design. The draw back is not every lid seats perfectly and requires a couple of extra trys to get an even seating and seal. I would purchase them again. Nicely packaged and prompt
These glasses are perfect if you want a minimal look. Wish they were slightly narrower to allow for natural grip. Somewhat slippery in sink which made me worry about breakage down the line.
Overall these are nice ice trays. However, one cracked the very first day I used it. I couldn't get a few of the ice cubes to pop out when pushing on the bottom, so out of habit I gently twisted the tray a bit (like you would with a standard ice cube tray) and it cracked the plastic. It's still usable though and doesnt leak, just be careful as the plastic is very fragile!
I really love this thermos. I make my overnight oats with this and bring it on my commute. Though, I have to take one star off because after 5 washes, I already see some of the color coming off. Hoping it doesn't get worse but looking through other reviews, it seems this problem has happened to other people as well.
Love it for my creamer and use it everyday. I have learned that when it comes time to wash it (I wash when it empties, so once a week or so) it has to by fully disassembled and does have to soak a while to get into all the cracks and crevasses.
Shirts fit & wear well.
This straw allows me to be eco friendly when I go out. Convenient casing, however would like to be a bit slimmer to put in a small purse.
No real complaints about the product. It's not that noisy and seems to work well. I don't have a lot of experience with dehumidifiers though. Seems to work well in the space I have it.
Honestly I love this little thing. It makes the perfect sized pancake and as long as you time it right it doesn't stick or burn. First one I put in too much batter but once you figure out what works it's amazing!
Nice set of knives; nothing fancy, cuts well.
I'm an engineer, so whoever designed this for KitchenAid made a poor material choice decision unless their goal was planned obsolescence. Having said that, it was easy to replace the worn coupler (it screws onto a threaded shaft) and we're hoping it'll last 1 - 3 years with infrequent blender use. Much better on several fronts rather than buying a replacement blender.
We have had this for a couple months now. We mostly use it to reheat fried foods, cook french fries or other breaded frozen foods. I have done a few other things in it such as steaks. There is definitely a learning curve. You need to check things often as the cookbook times are off. For the size, it doesnt seem to cook much food. I find that I dont use it as often as I would like because I cant fit enough in it for a family of 4. I like it for the frozen and fried food reheating. Those types of things come out much better than if they were cooked in oven or microwave. However, not sure I would get it if I had to make the choice over again. Just not enough versatility to justify price and size.
After breaking 4 of our glasses in about a week I decided to look for some alternative other than plastic and these reminded me of the metal cups my grandmother had when I was a kid. They're not quite the same, but I like them. They are rather thin and the aluminum definitely gets cold with a cold drink in it, but it's not like I'm getting frost bite.
I like this! It is definitely an upgrade from the Wilton one that I was previously using. I did enjoy the Wilton, but it started catching and stop being usable after about a year-and-a-half. I decided to upgrade with this one and I really like the height of it and the smoothness of the spin. The only feedback I would give the manufacturer would be to include some sort of non-slip material on the top part. When smoothing out buttercream, I have found that the entire cake drum will slip a little bit if I press just a little too hard.
Purchased as spare parts to a 6 cup moka pot. Received sealed and intact.
Cooked small portions. For 2 people we had to cook separately. Great for one person!
I really like this product...the only "flaw" I experienced is the spiked holder on the underside of the handle...the spikes need to be a little longer to hold the veggies better! otherwise its great!
For the money it Is great and the are very few small good quality coffee makers.
The cup is very well made and keeps my drink cold! The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because I ordered Purple but I'm pretty sure they sent Blue and the purple color is now out of stock. 😕
I would have never choose these for my self, my husband got them for mother's day and I love them. Perfect weight for the kids and us. Beautiful color. My old set was close to 50 years old so this butter knife cuts amazing.
Love the crock overall. Deducted 1 star because there are a couple spots inside where the coating was not applied. Like there was a small bubble in the manufacturing process. Other than that it works as described.
This is a great mug! It makes for a great gift! One thing to know is that it is supper small. You really can not drink out of this mug. It makes more a nice decoration to go around the house. I got this for my girlfriend as a little gift. I really wanted the one with the elephant, which I did not get. Take it from me, the order is completely random and you get whatever they ship to you. I did not read that part, overall it makes for a great gift, as a decoration around the house. I don't think you can drink from this mug.
I bought this product for the purpose of making açaí bowls and thick smoothies. The blender is super powerful and works great. The reason why I didn't enjoy this blender is because its not user friendly whatsoever. In the description it mentions having 6 timing settings so I was thinking that I could set those myself and just push the button and it would store my time. Basically those 6 preset timers are just the time thats set on each function. For me the blender was really annoying because I was looking for something that I could pretty much just turn on and keep running for however long I wanted and increase the speed when I wanted. On this blender, each function ( juice, ice cream etc) has its own preset time and once the time is up it stops, each preset is like 2 minutes. Once it stops you have to start the whole process again. Most of the time I would use the pulse function and then I'd have to set my own time so I'd have the press the time button over and over again until I reached the time I wanted which was really annoying. This blender is also really loud and heavy. Another reason I didn't like the blender was because I always had to use the tamper, if I was making a smoothie my fruits would get stuck under the blade and I'd have to tamper around with them. I expect for the kind of money I spent on this blender to be able to put the fruits and juice in and it does everything by itself. The last reason I dislike this blender is because of the pour spot. It was so messy and never poured properly into my cup if I made a smoothie. If these things don't really bother you then this blender is perfect for you. It was super powerful and once tampered with enough, everything was blended up really well and it made great açaí bowls and smoothies, I just felt like it took too much work and time to play around with such a pricy blender.
I like the fact that is it's big enough to store my meal prep containers and drinks but it's hard to zip up and unzip but stilll worth the money and I like the xtra storage pockets
I liked the lid and the color. The circumference of the glass is larger than I excpected. It doesn't fit in my car's cupholder and is a bit awkward to hold with my small hands.
Doesn't seem to keep things very hot but haven't tried to keep my thing cool yet.
So far so good with these...however a word to the wise, DO NOT submerge the lids in water when washing! I learned the hard way about this...it'll take a long time to dry out!
I had a few stick but other than that, they worked great for the majority
I love the color and design of this cup. However, if you are going to use it for canned soup, like Progresso, you will be filling it up to the very tip top. Also, the lid snaps on but not too securely. Setting it in the fridge is fine, but traveling with it would be a problem. I would like to buy a soup cup for my brother but I think I will find one a little larger.
Works well, sharpened all my dull kitchen knives and a great price!! Very useful.
Product arrived quickly and was as advertised.
At first I thought this mug was not double walled because my previous mug (I broke) had a plug in the bottom. I was concerned about heat transfer, but it did come with a silicone protector. I've been using it for a few weeks now and I like its size and design.
Good product for the money! I bit thinner than I expected but overall good purchase.
Exactly as advertised
Was a fun shower game
good products but whisk could be a little better in terms of the number of tines
The one grey plastic die is NOT top quality. the rest is top notch.
I love my air fryer. It is so convenient and makes the perfect wings in no time.
I like how my microwave clean with anything I put in to warm. If the food gets too hot it doesn't spill everywhere. Happy with purchase.
Had to double leaf trays... fruit salad made it pop! Worked well with birthday party theme. Everyone loved it!
Keep my coffee at a suitable temperature,looks very nice perfect for gift.
i drink bottle water, but that is best for using in the car and not casual drinking. I have had this for about 6 weeks and have run at least 10 gallons through it. the body is covered in mud and crystals i cant identify from the tap water. the water is tasteless. if you want to remove chlorine and floride, this will do it. I run my in the bathroom on the sink, that way i can be away from the noisy of the fan, and use the exhaust blower the bathroom already has. it is defiantly a space heater.
It's a bit challenging to use...
Thinner and flexable than my original. No sheath.
Perfect for the space. A little confusing to put together, but a good buy.
The color is more a matte Gold. It still worked for my cup cakes
I thought they were glass but they're plastic lol and they're a lot smaller than I thought they'd be but I still like them
Nice addition to my party it's kinda small for a piñata so we used it as a center piece/ prop it was really cute the kids loved it.
Our daughter loves it. It's easy to clean.
From reading some of the reviews, I was skeptical. When you pull it from the box, it is light and mostly plastic. You see the made in China sticker and you think- this thing probably cost $2 to make and I just paid $40? I clamped it to the corner of a sturdy table outside. The clamp could have been engineered better. A regular c-clamp can work better. I cut the top off the carrots and ran one through. I was amazed. It worked excellent. It removes more skin than you would if you did it with a hand peeler, but it is 20 to 100 times faster. About one in 20 of the carrots I pealed were too large for the hole in the top. I would have given it 5 stars if the hole was 1/2 in larger. I hand pealed the top section so it would fit. I put down a 4' by 4' plastic sheet for the peelings to fall on. Using the plunger guide is a pain. With the tops cut flat, I was able to place the plunger in the middle of the carrot and plunge it through without the guide piece. If you need to peel many carrots, get one of these.
Like a few other reviewers, I bought this tray to make jello eyeballs for Halloween. They REALLY made an impression, and I am happy with the way that they turned out, for the most part. My one complaint is that tray doesn't seem to stay pushed down far enough to fill the spheres completely, so some of them don't wind up perfectly round. However, since this tray was intended to be used with water (which would expand in the freezer and surely fill in that gap) then I can't hold it against them too much. Pressing the tray down with some twist ties while the jello spheres set did help somewhat.
GREAT FOR THE LATE NITE CUP OF TEA OR COCO. JUST PERFECT. THIS IS JUST PERFECT, FOR THAT LATE NITE PORTION. THESE MUGS MAKE THE PERFECT AMOUNT FOR YOUR JUICE AND VIT. C BOOST. I LOVE THESE MUGS AND IF YOU A PERSON THAT STARTS THE DAY WITH JUICE, BUY THESE MUGS!! SOMETIMES I WISH THEY WOULD GROW UP. LOL
WOW, knife feels amazing. Very good balance. Wood on handle not perfectly flush with metal.
It works well and very easy to use, however it leaks charge when you take the charging canister off. So you have to keep it on the entire time you're using the product.
The item is thin plastic, but thus far (5 or so uses), it works fine. There is a tab that helps keep the top part in place on the bottom cup. I like that there are measurement lines on the container. It is quite small, but it works well.
These bags are super handy for moving - the only reason im not giving 5 stars is because some of the bags ripped during the move.
It filters water damn fast. That's the main advantage. The water quality seems equal to other water filters in market.
This will keep your guacamole from turning brown but it is not easy to put together.
Great lunch box. NO LEAKS - EVER. Keeps food fresh - apples aren't brown when eaten later in the day. I only gave it a 4 star rating because of the size - but maybe there is a bigger size???
It did what it was supposed to do.
Kind of tacky seeing the bolts. Was hoping it was a little better quality. But it does work.
Not quite as easy to clean as they state but, it works good. Very sturdy
I love the product, but the item description says it is dishwasher safe, and the box it arrived in said it is not dishwasher safe. Luckily, the cup is wide enough to easily fit my hand in for washing it, and there aren't any nooks and crannies that can get gross.
well packaged for shipment, good weight in the hand, solid construction without sharp edges and flimsy tines
Glad that I ordered this..exactly as described! I can't wait to try many new recipes with it!
I wish it came with more stickers or a more permanent way. I'm afraid that when you wash the bottle the stickers will come off.
Would have liked to purchase this in stainless steel, but the rack is a great size and easy to use and adjust! Fits nicely in my very large granite wear roasting pan. Used so far for ribs and ham. Hand washes easily
Just the fact that they are heathier than using regular towels.
We wanted to cook, transport and serve hot in the same container. Perfect! The only drawback is the weight: once the food is in the container and in the heating device, it is a handful.
I love this pressure cooker, I am not a big cook, but I look forward to using it, and tried new recipes, I normally don't make. I restocked my kitchen with new spices I haven't tried, and look forward to using it. It's quick and easy and so easy to clean up. Only reason I gave it a 4 star instead of 5 was for the basket you use if doing a multi cook items. I tried a meatloaf and the hook to lift it was in the middle of my meatloaf. Oh it came out good, but if the ring was side lifts instead, it would be a 5. I wanted to try this new pressure cooker craze, and didn't know if I wanted to commit to a big price tags o I got this brand and not disappointed one bit. Thank COSORI
These syringes were a complete hit at our Halloween party! I dressed up as a mad doctor and called myself Dr. Death. I made apple pie Jello shots and asked people if they were up to date on their flu shot. My only disappointment was that out of 50 syringes, 8 were defective. They were easy to fill though and easy to consume the Jello. Sadly, I did not get any pictures 😏
Easy to clean, straw comes apart so less chance of mildew/mood buildup in the straw, which is the problem with most other straw sippy cups out there. Quality if plastic fit cup and straw is thick and durable, if you have a kid who likes to chew on the straws, this one won't leave a dent
This is a very cute container to keep food hot. I use it for my baby when we go out on short day trips. The foldable spoon is a nice addition. The only reason I have not given this product 5 stars is that the food does not stay hot for very long. The product advertises that food remains hot for 6 hours but that is not the case. I feel the food starts getting cold in 2 hours.
Very nice looking and sturdy, works great. Switched from the other brand to upgrade the look and feel of my carbonator. BUT then I am still forced to use cheap plastic bottles. (Tried a glass SS bottle and did not fit.) I'd like to upgrade my entire beverage experience and this piece is missing. Please consider closing the creative and aesthetic loop on this design and make glass bottles for the machine. Your customers will gladly pay for the privilege :)
Made cooking a perfect turkey so simple. Wish I would have thought of getting one way before thanksgiving
I already have 3 other types of multi-cookers. However, I wanted to try this model because it has a lot more options, especially milk porridge. The unit came without any recipes. Online search did not produce many results for this particular manufacturer and model. Other people suggested contacting manufacturer and mentioned that they do have a PDF with helpful information. I contacted the manufacturer twice on Facebook, but I have not received the response. After using the unit only 3 times, one of the plastic clips that hold the condenser unit does not work anymore. This product is not of a good quality. Update after one month of use: The company has terrific customer service. I was sent replacement parts free of charge very quickly and I am happy to report that everything works great now.
...even the lowest heat setting is very hot.
Good price and look durable. Nice size for grocery shopping, except for large packages of paper towels etc.....they are too small for that sort of stuff.
Works great, but only makes one at a time
These are great storage canisters. They are made of a nice acrylic that so far is not easy to scratch. The only down side is they do not hold a whole bag of flour or sugar, but if you read the description you probably already know that. Great price for what you get.
It took quite awhile to assemble, but looks great in my classroom!
They work great! VERY LONG. It says they're a foot, but it didnt occur to me when buying that they're significantly longer than my toaster. They work well, but look a bit silly.
Very nice, I like it a lot but in person the flies look like they are closer together than in the picture and it looks a tiny bit odd. Either way, it's my new favorite cup!
Works fine. Did the job.
I found the product to be sturdy and easy to clean. Did not like the fact that I could not change the direction of the steam.
beautiful color but the lid is very hard to get off and on.
A bit pricey though works well for making cheese.
Nice, but a bit heavy.
A great idea and solution for storing plastic bags. I always keep the plastic bags from the grocery stores and have been looking for a decent organizer to place all of them in. This comes with two and accompanied by two adhesive hooks. I suggest you roll up the bags in the same manner as tissue paper so when you pull them out, a preview of the next one comes out too. Simply stick on the adhesive and hang these organizers. It doesn't stay on the hook too well, so I added some double sided tape on the hook to keep the organizer in place and that helped significantly. Overall, a great concept and helped organized the previous mess of bags that I had
Like the cup a lot. However, it was not packaged well and had a dent on the bottom on arrival. Other then that - great cup!
This item was a gift and the person loved them.
Nice little heater. Great for feet under a desk and small spaces / apartments.
These are nice just not for me. They're big, strong and hold a lot but they're too noisy for me. Yes, the sound of flexible (yet stiff) hard plastic while carrying items in these bags are too much for me.
It's lightweight. I'm not sure I trust the handle. I only bought this to keep coffee and tea warm. (I bought a warmer that uses tea candles separately.) Together they should be okay.
These are beautiful and I'm very happy with my purchase. The only reason I knocked off one star is the striped striations in the glaze. They are much more noticeable in person than in the pictures online. I didn't expect them when I purchased. Upon a closer look I can see them now that I have the purchased item, but they aren't as clear in the photo. They add a little visual interest and I don't really mind them as they make the item appear more handmade, but the item isn't exactly what I was expecting, so I'm knocking off one star because of that. Other than that I'm supremely happy with the purchase. The cups are small, but the right size for sake, and it presents well on my dining room sideboard.
The reason why I gave it a 4 star is because the rubber seals keep falling out and I bought 2 sets but only got 1 set of seals so I can't use all my caps. Love the style and color. Wish the seal locked ib
The glue was not as difficult to remove as I expected from other reviews. I did remove the glue while the pans were dry though, only washing them after I'd effectively rubbed the adhesive off. Maybe that made the difference... Happy with these pans so far.
Not very sturdy material. A heavy pie would have to go on the bottom, but it gets the job done.
They are cool looking but don't last long. Good thing they are cheap. The magnets fall out pretty easily if dropped. One plus (besides looking cool) is that the magnets are pretty powerful for being so small. Held items on fridge very well.
I thought the two would come out of the base somehow but they are attached so it's kind of a pain to clean. You pump the top for liquid to come out and a good amount comes out at once so I do like that. It's easy to use and carry. The only downfall is cleaning.
This thermometer is good for verifying your food temp while cooking, but it is nowhere near 'instant'. You can instantly watch the temperature change as it tries to catch up and stabilize to the food temperature, but you'll be waiting at least 4-5 seconds for the temperature to stabilize. The larger display is nice. I wear glasses for close up, but this display is large enough to read without my glasses.
I added these to my wedding registry because my goal was to put together a copper kitchen. They are beautiful, shiny, sturdy and have weight to them but unless you can care for them the copper starts to recede after a while so in the end I suspect I'll just have silverware that used to have copper on them.
The seller was very gracious and replaced my mug when my first one arrived damaged... Also sent me multiple pictures of other mugs to choose from, as I was dissatisfied with the color of my first. It's definitely natural ox horn material, so all of them turn out totally differently; just something to be aware of if you're expecting a particular color or pattern. But this shop owner will take very good care of you if you need it replaced.
It has the natural beauty of native sandstone plus all the absorbing properties of thirsty sandstone. Have used Stone coasters before and these new ones are just great. Delivery, packing, timely arrival were all terrific! Would recommend this produce.
Seems nice, but a bit flimsy
Too big for what I was looking for - but if you need a huge spatula, this will work for you.
It's not just a 'have to have', really allows more oxygen to connect with the wine, therefore making it aroma even better. And it look great on a dinner table...
This is a nice little vacuum sealer. The bags it came with have held up well and it's easy to use. I've used it to seal chip and cereal bags and it worked great. The vacuum wasn't as strong as I would like. It left air around a third of the packages I vacuum sealed, especially if it was an odd shaped food or had different thicknesses, so that was disappointing. However it still works great for dry foods and simple shaped foods.
Nice but could be a bit thicker
I bought it for my 30yr old daughter. Just because. It's adorable we both love it. Can't dunk cookies in it though. The panda doesn't like getting hit in the head by them
These are not much to look at, but are super cofortable and effective. I just wish they were less expensive and easier to clean.
Perfect size, love it. Option of cooking white or brown rice. Of 6-7 rice pots I've owned in my life this one spits out the most mess, have to put something under if. The only reason it didn't get 5 stars
They were very nice to use
Depending how you look at these pots and pans will help you rate these. For the price they are excellent pots and pans. As a starter kit they have been doing a great job so far. They are by no means the best cook ware you can get so if you want the highest quality you should spend some more money. These pots and pans are light but are quick to heat up. The non stick surface had worked perfectly and will last if you take care of it. Don't buy these thinking you're getting the best. These are great for the price and great as a starter kit for your kitchen. Expect to replace them by a year end or so.
Perfect size. I'm not totally sure how it will hold up, but hopeful. Not flimsy.
These are very bright and useful, although i wish their necks were about 2 inches longer since the very strong magnetic base sits on the nearest metallic surface a bit distant from my Weber grilling area. They are well made and I enjoy the light.
Easiest way to decorate birthday/Christmas packages. Just wish there was more ribbon on each roll.
I love that it keeps waste with disposable bags down. I did however have 2 somehow get tiny holes in them only a month and 2 uses later. But the rest seem fine. A bit of a pain to wash given that I hand wash. I'm not sure if I trust them in the washer. That might be my own problem.
Good for lunches, but definitely do NOT last very long.
It seems like the canister keeps the coffee fresh. I really love the spoon that comes with it. It's really well made, well polished, no sharp edges, and it's heavy.
Customer service very good. Nice bags.
Got these to share and the look amazing
At first I was not happy. But the company made things more than right within days of my feedback. Excellent company.
I haven't used them yet but they look great, colorful.One for cheese, another for pizza, cheese cutter also included.
Does it help? I don't know. Seems like it keeps an aroma for a little while, but in reality you still have to drink the wine in a couple days regardless of a cork or Vacu Vin.
Pretty but very light weight
Word colour is a bit light.
The mat is very well made and I know will last a long time.
Love this! It makes just enough for 2 mugs, so I wish it came in a larger size (would love enough for at least 4 mugs). It is very easy to use. And pretty! It does leak a bit if overfill but it is just water and one can easily avoid overfilling. Heats quickly.
Simple lines. Cute. Fits its purpose.
Only used it once....it was very good....Hoping it will continue to so ....cannot beat the great price
So easy to use. You have to follow cooking the egg sheet exactly.
Just not pleased it wobbles in plastic handle. Feels cheap yet steel if good and sharpens very well.
My item was broken! What do I do now?
great toothpicks for the bar, what can I say
These spoons look great. They were purchased as a gift. Thank you.
Works well. seems to hold pressure because will hear an air release after holding a few days. overall pleased. Lower cost and more durable than a higher priced one purchased in the past. seems like it will hold up.
Works great. It came with metal shavings so I cleaned it out be wary when you first use it. Otherwise I'm very satisfied with the product it's what I expected which is great.
Wish there was a set of smaller knives. These are all really big. really big!
Good quality and it comes in handy when I don't need my standard large colander
we like them, very good!
This sharpener is really nice and has worked well on all my different knives. It has 3 sharpening systems that work on sharpening the knife in 3 different ways from rough to smooth. I am really happy with this product and how well it works. Perhaps what I like best is that the handle is big and the unit is sturdy. I have large hands and it fits my hand nicely. Definitely recommend this for any type of knife sharpening.
Heavy duty quality, which I like. I wish the spoon part was a little bigger
I just received these today, and the condition they arrived in is....questionable.... I'm hoping the pan and liners will regain the shape they are intended to have, and don't stay all bent up like in the photo. Update! I heard from the seller and they gave me a suggestion to help the molds regain their shape, which worked! So I'm thankful for that and will be keeping them.
Very beautiful wood grain and color. Gave em a quick rinse in the sink before I put them away after delivery and noticed pretty immediately a bit of the stain or finish or something was coming off onto the towel I was drying with, leaving them a little rough to the touch. So gave them a quick little mineral oil treatment and might hit them with one more coat before I use them, but all in all got what was expected for the price and am still excited about how beautiful they look.
The top broke, it should me a bit stronger & could cut smaller pices
The buzzer/alarm is not very loud, preheat takes a long time, the heating element is really under powered. Works fine just don't try to cook anything to large. Pork tenderloin, meat loaf, whole chicken or frozen lasagna.
I like bamboo in the kitchen it looks sharp and works well. I should have bought a bit larger so they would be more versatile. It's on me.
So easy to put together and once you use it once or twice it is seasoned enough to use without a problem
I'm really excited to use this and it seems like great quality, however whenever I was unboxing the item I sliced my finger open very bad and will likely need stitches. I know you are supposed to use the glove when in use- but I simply reached in the box to grab one of the attachments and take the plastic off. Be very careful when opening!
works for what I needed it for.
i truly LOVE this ice tray and think the fact that it comes with a lid for each of them is such an amazing idea i do so wish the lids stayed on better, maybe if it wasnt 100% silicone and the rim was plastic than the lids would stay on but i really love the ice trays none the less. they are so easy to remove the ice from the tray that even my small children can get their own ice now. the smaller ice cub size also makes them freeze much faster which is also an amazing plus so that means more ice faster!!!!! i do plan on buying a few more sets of these ice trays cause the summers are hot here and we go through a lot of ice and think these will come in handy.
Just got the item, have not used it yet but looks great and was shipped fast.
The first knife I ordered arrived with a huge warp in the blade, an immediate deal breaker. After an unsuccessful attempting to reach out to the manufacturer, Amazon had a replacement out to me the next day. The replacement had no issues. As other reviewers mentioned, it's not that sharp. Not a problem for me, 20 minutes later with various grit stones and a final strop, this knife is sharp!
Works ok . No burnt fingers
Makes poaching eggs very easy. I did not use cooking spray and the eggs were a little hard to get out but it still worked. I will use the spray or butter next time. Please note that some components are very sharp and I cut myself pretty deep while washing it.
These are perfect, inexpensive blank canvas mugs to create any fun project. I used mine to make a gag-gift for a nurse I work with and it came out great. Since this mug is flat (equal circumference from top to bottom) and tall, it makes crafting quite simple, especially if you're using a Cricut and applying permanent vinyl, which is what I used. The only thing I do not like about these mugs are their inelegant handles. They're pretty large and make the mug less appealing. Overall for the price, they're not a bag option!
I wish I'd gotten one with a warm dial and a light to show it's on.
for the money this is a great item, I have bigger better more expensive ones for the house, but for camping in the RV this is great
Like it. Works great!
Well made product, but for my 900W microwave, makes only about half a bowl of popped corn. I had to trim the sides down so that more energy could go toward making the popcorn. I suspect a lot more corn could be popped with a 1200W microwave. This should probably be better outlined in the product description (unless it is just my particular over).
After seeing what i thought was corrosion on the inside i put a camera in and found out it was just staining from the tea. cam out with a bottle brush and all if fine. I noticed several people said their's leaked, i put water in it and tightened the lid, very tight and laid it on its side and rolled it around without any leaking
Keeps things cold for hours.
great for washing dishes.
Used the blue. 1st was great 2nd one only about 1/2 popped out.
started using them today and so far so good. They are everything what they say they are.Sems very strong and good quality.
I use these when making bath bombs and it works really well. It is more of a gel consistency so I have to really work it into the bath bomb mixture and it still does not blend perfectly. For bath bombs, I would use more of a liquid color. I think this would be great for baking though. I purchased this product at full price with my own money. If you enjoyed this review, please hit the "helpful" button below, thank you!
Used it for a dinner party looks great. And it is durable and sturdy.
What a nice coffee canister!
This where gifts for my boyfriend and he loved them. They are beautiful, they don't have the exact coloring as the picture but are still very blue and they are such good quality. They are very hard thought I was going to break the glass when I had put it down, so be careful!
This is a very basic popcorn cooker. It's worth the money. It does shut off if it gets too hot if left on the counter. That is a good thing
Liked that it included a lot of components in one package. I was kind of hoping to find a set where the design was more intricate on the plates, but it was good for the price.
These are a great product so far. They do leak a little but my experience is glass will do that.
I bought these for my son. He said "they work really well" he does a lot of tailgating and home football parties. They keep your beer cold for a long time without using a beer cozy! I just ordered one for my brother for Christmas.
The product is great although the brush would fall off occasionally. But I use it daily twice a day. The price is high. I wish I can compare it with cheaper brand. Other than the occasional fall off on the brush, it does what it claims and looks great.
Fast and inexpensive. Also it seems quite accurate.
Makes quick work of my daily drinks. Very powerful. Only issue is that the mixing container arrived broken and after emailing the company according to the instructions included in with the manual and have gotten no response after a week.
This is a fun tool to use. It gives my 4 year old a fun chore. I only wish they made a couple design changes to the crusher on the top that moves down on the can. The can tends to slide out. A simple notch at the end would prevent slide-out. Dumb that they haven't done that already.
After using the cozyna for a few months I can truly say, I love it 😊
We use the Bentgo Fresh for my son's preschool lunches two days a week. It's very cute, easy to clean and open and close. After about 6 months of use, the back hinges broke making securing the back of the box impossible. I reached out to Bentgo about our troubles, as I felt the box should last longer than 6 months, and received amazing customer service. They responded promptly and are going to send us a new lunchbox. So while I needed to knock them a point for durability, then make up for it in attending to supporting me as a customer. With that said, we would gladly purchase from Bentgo again and certainly will in the future!
I am happy so far with the product. However, they do not cover the entire width of my oven rack, I could have used 2 on one rack, but chose to place them in the middle of my oven rack. So far so good. We had our oven temp. to 425 degrees. I would suggest readers to purchase more than one set if you want to cover the entire width of standard size oven.
Nice color just not as big so have to change recipe to fit. Says 2 qt but does not seem to be that big.
The shear itself is just as described and seen in the picture. Sharp and decently made, especially for the price. However the little bonus clipper thing that came with the shears is questionable. It was really difficult to get it out of the sheath and the handle part seems a bit flimsy. I'm not sure how much thinking went into making the clipper thing. The shear itself is nice so it will give this 4 stars
Nice board but I agree with others that the design/words in the middle dont look the best
These are very cool. They really stick and keep leftovers fresh. I'm still using zip locks for some things (opened cheese blocks etc) but can use these over a bowl for a lot of other dishes. Great idea, and one small thing that we can do to do our part. Thanks.
This really does hold up well as far as keeping my drink cold all day at work. I wish it fit into a cup holder but that's okay.
I would give this item 5 starts but this is the second set I've ordered and it came damaged. A few plates were cracked down the middle. They are very pretty and I will reorder and hope they come not damaged.
Really nice build quality and it shows. Works like a charm.
Very good value for the money
Have now used this product for a few months, it works well. I make stocks all the time it fits easily in my freeze when defrosting the bag stays upright in the fridge. Cleans easily with soap and water.
I really liked the wine glasses but one of them came with two dents in it.
works well.. will grind chicken bones, but the skin gets stuck in it.
These work well for if you don't have a lid for an item, but they have some room for improvement. They didn't stay as snug as I would have liked, and if a container were to tip it might leak somewhat.
It looks pretty but the mug is hot after putting hot coffee. You cant hold it immediately, it has to sit till its cool enough for your hands to handle. Not my fav coffee cup to go
Looks good and can hold both a small Nespresso and coffee grinder. Makes for a nice little coffee station in our kitchen
Well-made, classy-looking, and unbreakable. Great idea for a wine glass.
If you're looking for the cutest, funnest way to waste half a loaf of bread, this is it! The packaging was unusual, in that it was written entirely in Chinese, and it wasn't sealed very well. I can't read Chinese, so I had no instructions to go by, but the cutter was easy enough to figure out. Just put the panda head piece inside the black square, with the little rounded handle poking through the hole in the square piece. Then fit the black into the white square with your sandwich in between. Don't be afraid to press very hard on the handle to the panda head, because if you don't press hard enough, you won't get a face on your sandwich. Upon opening the sealer, you should see the sandwich is mostly cut, but you may need to cut/pull away some of the crust from around the edges before removing it, so it isn't still hanging on. The resulting panda sandwich is very cute, and went over wonderfully with the 3-6 year olds at my house. I just dabbed a little peanut butter on the outside of the eyes, nose and mouth to highlight the cuteness. It would be cooler with something black in those places, but I'm not sure what that could be. In any case, my kids ask for a lot more sandwiches now than they did before we bought this, and it wasn't hard to hand wash. Really the biggest downside is the amount of bread you waste when you make sandwiches in this, but I froze the crusts as another reviewer here suggested, and I'm going to try making something with them later.
This is an excellent starter set for you if you are learning cake decorating. The plastic turntable is adequate for the beginner, functions very well, and you won't mind slicing cake on it directly. We've used it a few times and find it very serviceable. The accessories, especially the decorating knives, are well worth the price. Once you're more practiced, feel free to order the heavily weighted metal turntable from the same seller. We have this and it's a perfect second or primary turntable.
Got as a gift for my father. One came cracked but the replacement was perfect.
Had to make a couple of passes on some chip bags and it can be hard to get the edges but overall not bad
The breadbox is big enough for a couple loaves of bread or 1 loaf and muffins or bagels. It would be good for snacks too. It doesn't take up a lot of counter space because it is high rather than long. I like the vintage look.
Very nice knife. You do get what you pay for however, and it's getting dull already....But feels good in my hand and Japanese knives and cars are best.
I love the lightness of this (I can't pick up heavy pots anymore) and its a perfect little stockpot or Dutch oven size for small households; no issues with enamel finish or non-stick interior, love the color and price
Use this everyday for lunch while I'm at work. Keeps items nicely insulated. It does leak if it gets too wet from condensation, but otherwise no complaints
This is a great juicer for the price we paid. I was actually surprised how nice it worked and its really easy to clean. It compares to the more expensive omega juicer I had in the past which was a bit more difficult to clean. This gives pretty high juice yield, not so noisy and good feature for small and big input. Would recommend!
It's a nice container but has a lot of crevices for water to get into when I wash it. I have to set it out to dry for a long time before I can put anything in it.
Love the way it comes out - just like soft serve ice cream - do not use as often as I thought I would - somewhat limited on flavors
The knobs to indicate tempature are hard to figure out if you have it on the temp you want. Do not care for the brushed chrome, it is not a smooth brushed chrome and a bit hard to wipe off. Love the pizza features!
Very nice design, but a bit smaller than I expected. I was hoping it would be closer to the size of a standard ice cube tray, but I am happy with it nonetheless!
work good - could be a little larger
This is the second set of these I've had..and the motor has quit in one of them each time. Guess I will have to send these back too. So disappointed. Edited to add: I am going to change this to a 4 star as the seller has contacted me with an offer of a refund and replacement product. This kind of offer goes a long way with me and hopefully the new set works well.
Worked for my cups!!!
I guess it was just a little too rustic for me, and altho I got the smaller of the two, it is still pretty big. We used it briefly for our remote collection, and they make a enough noise when being dropped back in the slots that we looked for something else. I also added felt cushions to the bottom to protect the table top. Now, I'll have to find some other use for it.
Way longer than I expected. Looked good and was pretty sturdy, but didn't fit in the space. Would have returned it, but I'd only get half my money back
Beautiful and unique!
Smaller than I wanted but makes nice gift sizes of bread.
GREAT TOOL TO HAVE, removes labels from products with ease, if you consume food or anything else YOU MUST BUY THESE
I love being able to make spiral potatoes and apples. It is easy to use and exactly what I wanted. It's fun experimenting with different vegetables. Easy cleanup!
Smaller and more powerful than other Microwaves. Easy to set the clock. Food and liquids heat throughout. Only drawbacks; it is a little noisy, and when cooking is finished it does not say so on screen. Minus 1 star.
Nice lunch box and water bottle sleeve. Daughter loves it...although she does not like that the inside is orange.
I love this, but I noticed the paint is chipped a little bit on the bottom plate. However, it was very easy to put together and is sturdy (as long as you tighten the screw at the bottom well) and very pretty. It will definitely serve its purpose for tea party's with my daughter.
The cup is great, some boxes were damaged on the top. The box should be in white and not black.
I bought this item for my daughter who is in Kindergarten. It is easy for her to open and keeps her lunch cold. We love the compartments, which help keep lunches properly proportioned. It was challenging to close the lid, so I mentioned this to the seller and they sent a new one that works just fine! I wondered if the lid had been warped a little after I put some warm rice in one section. New one works great though.
So far so good. Not sure about durability yet. The lid is shinier than the brushed texture of the top piece and shows fingerprints, so gave 4 stars. The top piece holds water after cleaning and does not dry well, but that has been my experience with all grinders of this type.
I thought they would provide more chilling that what they do.
Needed a quick option for sharpening my knives, and this seems to work pretty well. Has a handle to hold while you run your knives through, so it isn't hard to do or anything like that. For the price, it does the job just fine. I'm sure you could find better more expensive options, but for what I paid this works more than enough for me.
I like the clear cup because it allows you to see the tea strength and I loved the top because it holds the tea bag and it can be used to drain the liquid out of the tea bag. However after the 3rd time I used the tea cup tea leaked into the lining of the cup and can no longer be used, very disappointing.
Great product! used it to create pretty patterns on cookies and they came out gorgeous!
This works pretty well on my tile kitchen/hallway floor. It only works going forward so corners are a bit tricky. It beats having to use a dustpan and broom, so for me it's a keeper. I have a large Maine Coon cat who leaves his fur everywhere and this picks it up quite well. I do have to unwind fur from the bristles, but it is much easier than getting them out of a broom! Also picks up spilled popcorn like a champ :-).
The labels did not peel and stick like they should
I don't use them much. They don't seem very absorbent. More for looks, truthfully
Great trays I use them to freeze fruit
Love everything about this except the “leak proof” claim. Pudding spewed out into all the other compartments, making my sons others foods soggy and it also leaked out of the container and was all over the inside of his lunch bag.
Large enough to cook pancakes for two all at one time.
Would have been 5stars but both sides were not glittered
I guess it dose what it meant to do. However, it is way too sharp. It may works the best for professional, however, might be too sharp for household safety.
The Bamboo Tumbler Cup tea bucket is a little too shallow for brewing tea wish it was a little deeper.
A little expensive but matched my dishes washes well top shelf dishwasher safe not glass but plastic
Leaks a bit sometimes but what cup doesnt? Awesome besides that
I can't speak to the durability of this product as I just received it. After cutting the inside hose to length, I added soap and it worked great!
I have gone through Keurigs, Mr Coffee, etc, and after a while all stop working properly, no matter how well I try to care for them. This has a small footprint and makes great coffee. The only drawback (why 4 stars, not five) is that the water reservoir is small and needs to be refilled often. But that is more a tradeoff, as opposed to a problem.
I used this to serve hot chocolate at a party. I am very impressed with both the amount it holds and how well it kept the beverage hot. I am taking off one star only because the dispenser is so low. It would be nice if it was on legs as it sits right on the tabletop. It feels sturdy and high quality and cleanup was a breeze.
Doesn't keep ice like my other bubba cup
If I had purchased these balloons from my local party store, it would've cost me over $100. Instead it was $50 (including getting the numbers and the latex balloons blown up at my grocery store). We couldn't get the confetti to stick to the side of the balloons and a couple popped, but it was still an amazing value. Would purchase again.
Bought it March 17th igniter 'button won't go down with button unlocked doesn't work anymore.
Great product easy storage
A good inexpensive toaster
The only reason I gave (4) stars is because I'm satisfied with this purchase but they do tend to leak a little & leave some ketchup, mayo, mustard & syrup on the shelf of the fridge otherwise I would have given (5) stars
Hubby got this on sale. It's made my baking life so much easier. Looks exactly like picture. Runs like a dream.
Using it for 4 months. No issues so far other than sticky black stuff on the bottom of the containers. I just wipe it off. It would be great not to have it.
Figuring out how to fill it probably was a hassle but overall great product
These are really cute and re-usable, my family is trying to do something to save the turtles and this is our little piece of sand to help.
I needed something to keep my kitchen knives sharp. This sharpener isnt the best for creating an edge on a damaged blade but for bringing back a knife that's dulled naturally it's perfect. With a few swipes periodically knives are always ready to use.
It doesn't keep the food hot for a long time, love the small plates.
I ordered this for my daughter who is now student teaching and graduating to be a HS band director soon!! It's very nice, but the top leaks, and it's not a top that feels like it's on as secure as one would like for a travel mug... I wouldn't count on it for fool proof travel, especially if you have clothes on for work, I hate to say... I wouldn't buy it again, simply because I got it for her so she could have it to take her morning tea in with her and she can't because it's nothing I'd risk wearing work clothes into for her band class...
I cannot believe how dull the scissors were! Terrible. I put my expensive "Kitch-Aid" scissors in their place. The knives and the holder look very MOD....If the scissors were better, it would be a 5-star review - that just annoyed me!!! There is no way I'm putting any of this in the dishwasher! Don't do it!! Knives are deadly SHARP - that's nice!!!
Very effective in crushing minced ginger root to extract juice.
Works well. I wish there was a bigger size option though.
I am so happy I got this bowl and chopper. Yes, it is big and not a necessity but I eat a large salad everyday and this make it so much better and faster. I only gave 4 stars because I really wish it had a lid.
It like it but it is a tad small for what I wanted. Still, it is useful and looks good.
Being on a meat diet I eat lots & lots of steak. The grease was flying all over the place, so I got this air fryer. Works great! It's simple to use & to clean. No more greasy splatter all over the range, counter and floor. Glad I got it..
I should've measured my cabinets before making the purchase because it was a lot smaller than I expected. But with that said, it's still a sturdy product and great for the price! I can keep a large and two small fry pans in the one, and a bunch of cutting boards/cookie sheet in the other.
Perfect. Only problem is that the parts does not separate and since I cannot put the entire thing under water, i can not clean it completely
Great price, nice product. Better suited for 20oz not 30oz glass/tumbler
Great quality for the price.
I like the bags but the lighter colored tags make it difficult to read the weight.
These are very nice looking. The only problem that I had was that there were two wide knives and only one would fit in my knife holder.
I love this tea pot. The only bad thing is you need to watch it because it will boil over easily and get all over your stove.. this being said I love it and would definitely have bought it again. :-)
Backlight doesn't really work, and the alarm on/off/volume is really hard to figure out. I wish it had a button for count-up instead of having to wait for a timer to count all the way down to zero first. But it does help me with ADHD when I set a timer so I realize how much time is going by as I'm getting ready or whatever.
Very tough does its job
This is a very good buy, but after using it and reading up a bit, I found I needed a much coarser Stone than this. So I got a coarser Stone and used it in combination with this stone to get a razor sharp blade. This is a great stone for maintaining an already reasonably sharp blade. If your starting out with a butter knife sharp blade your going to need a coarser Stone.
Butterfly didn't work as well as I would have liked. I bought it for the other 3 designs so not to big of a deal. I wish the molds has come with cutters to make it cleaner. Even without cutters they do come out nice though.
For coffee lovers this is the ultimate gift. Is easy to handle, and good price.
It would have been five stars, but the center hole was drilled on an angle which makes the whole thing wobble when using it. Other than that, it serves it's purpose, just a little annoying though.
I love how quickly it brews a pot of coffee. Coffee is nice & hot! The built in strainer Work's perfectly! The only drawback is the shape of the coffee pot handle. It's a little awkward to hold & pour.
What a nice spoon for soup. Whish is was slightly deeper. However it literally arrived as I was making soup so horray!!!!😻
I don't think I paid much attention to dimensions because it's significantly smaller than what I was expecting. But, it works great. I love it for soups for uniform cutting.
I do like these but I would say that it's really hard to get the suppository out of the mold. I feel like it bruises my fingers
Not much to say about this other than it serves its purpose very well, Keeps my cold beverages cold for a good time. The difficulty arises with the lid that I would have bought it with. Very hard to clean and the replacement lid is almost the cost of a new mug. Had a few spills with it as well because the lid can't be locked but otherwise its a good purchase.
I bought the heater for my food truck.And it works great plenty of temp settings thanks again
The one screw that comes with it was too short
Just received it and had read that someone lined theirs with felt. I'm not sure why and am wondering if anyone else used that method and why. Thank you.
Loved it except the knob won't stay on I'm going to have to glue it on otherwise great
This little coffee pot works very well. Purchased for occasional use at a friend's house who doe snot drink coffee. It should be noted that the pot itself is not insulated, however the burned keeps the coffee hot which is nice.
Quality is good but if this is both sides could be better.
Very study and survived the dishwasher. I loved the last set I had. They are exactly as pictured. Great value. Just over a dollar a piece.
Mi kid loved it. Only the size is average. No much room for medium cups al least.
Perfect size for getting your whole hand in to extract content. Love the fact that you can hear the "seal" when you open and close it. Would def purchase more.
Not a sharp knife in the house. These did it for steak and a lot of other thinks.
Just like the classics that my grandmother had. Sturdy and works well. No, there are no directions but it's a very simple tool and youtube will show you just about everything.
Tongs are not silicon tipped but the company sent me a set of 2 silicon tipped tongs.
Great purse for my 4 year old. Not too big or small.
Bought as gift. Much appreciated.
Great for meatballs, but a little too big if you are going to use for cake pops. Does what it says and will definitely give you same size of meatballs, but the utensil itself doesn't feel to sturdy. With continued use and if you are a little to rough, the round part may break off.
This does a good job at juicing but it is a pain to clean. The pulp gets caught very easy in the juicing piece and has to be cleaned out after a few oranges. Also, have no idea what one piece is for.
Works great in my pressure cooker.
Wish some things were a little different but overall a great timer for the kitchen. My biggest problem with it is that I have to take it off the hood to set the timer or it falls off. I want to be lazy and push the buttons in its storage position. Easy to read numbers.
Works well, but I didn't give it 5 stars because one burner produces less heat than the other.
Did appreciate the multiple types though.
Saved my kitchen aid blender.
Cute but the ink graphics came a little smeared
These are decent quality for an inexpensive set. Packaged well, no breakage. Seem durable enough and I don't need to worry about breakage since there's six! Bigger than I expected, really huge.
It is a great Tumbler which is very good at keeping your cold drinks cool for hours; however, I would like to see my Tumbler cup to keep my hot beverages hot for a longer time.
does it jobs, satisfied with the product
The colors on the lunchbox that arrived at my house are not the same as the picture. I would say it is a maroon and navy camo. Just FYI.
If there's a breeze this item is not the one to purchase. The breeze will cause them to fly off and you won't have any coverage on your item.
I've had this for a few months now, still working on the initial charge, and it works well.
Great pan for the price.
They're cute! Fun for parties. One of them isn't perfectly sturdy, but happy with quality for the price
decent quality for the price
This product is perfect for what it is intended. Can stack your cake on one of these disks and the cake will be flat and level. Perfect!
It's a little bit on the flimsy side, but it was cheap and works decently well
This was pricey, but worth it. I use it for soaking my feet. It did arrive with a small chip, but I didn't think it was worth the hassle to replace it, chips will happen with enamel.
Decent product, helps smooth cake. I like the bonus fondant smoother as well
The larger dinos are nice but the smaller are little smaller than expected but overall happy. Tray approx 4in x 6 in smaller dinos
I purchased the large containers for the pantry. They are large enough for an entire bag of flour. They are easy to open and have a wide opening to get a measuring cup inside. But they were quite difficult to separate when taken out of the box. I was not able to do it and had to wait for my son to come over.
Filters filter. Pain to load coffee, I'll probably switch back to the normal cups.
Nice quality bowls and sturdy design. The bottom two bowls offer ample space and there isn't enough over hang to make serving difficult. The top bowl is small, so finding a use for it may seem harder with some meals and you can't exclude one bowl without it seeming off. I'd suggest toothpicks when not otherwise in use. Great, all together. Wish it was a tad bigger
These bags are great for groceries--very sturdy, with a rigid bottom that can be removed, and they fit a ton of stuff. The polar bears are also the cutest design I've seen on bags like these. Overall, I'm very pleased with them. I'm knocking one star off because the side handles peeled off after a few weeks of use. (Just peeled off like crepe paper. I wasn't even carrying anything heavy). The long straps still work, so I've continued using them for the last eight months, but I'll eventually replace them with bags that have better reinforced side handles, as I found those very useful.
They serve their purpose. Kinda flimsy, had to throw a few away that cracked and some of the lids don't snap on all the way. Been using them for almost 6 months though so not bad for the price. Not quite big enough for lunch unless you eat a small meal. I use them for my husband's larger breakfast. Wash them in the top shelf of the dishwasher which is convenient.
I have only used my 12oz mugs for coffee so far but they keep the drink very hot for about an hour and then hot/very warm for another 2 hours. I'm sure it'll be great for chilled wine or just cold drinks as well. I bought 2 mugs for myself, and the wine bottle and 2 mugs for my sister-in-law.
Such a cute little cup. I love hello kitty. Going to buy the set. Comes with a lid and a spoon. Nice to give as a gift.
I love these, but be careful I broke one by just tipping it over on the counter
I love that it is sturdy and you can take it apart. It doesn't hold as many cupcakes as it says but I may not have placed them correctly either. It holds over 24 I know that. It is definitely worth the money because I can use it at every birthday or other gatherings.
Works great. The adapters take a little playing around with but they work. I have a medium size Shark vacuum. The plastic seems a little rough but it works. Cleans up dust leaving behind small items. Use it to clean furniture also.
Don't know yet haven't down loaded it yet.
great price and great product
I'm happy with my purchase and that I'm able to eat healthier
This lighter is pretty good when lightning gas stoves. It can only be used with stoves that are gas. This device is designed so it doesn't have to be charged or refilled. It has an electric spark that will ignite the gas stoves. All you have to do is squeeze the handle to ignite. Very easy to use.
I love this pressure cooker set it's basically everything you need all in one kit! I especially like the little whisk, tongs, and brush that come with it
Looks great! Package came in a bit mangled but other than that, it was perfect!
Matched for my American party as expected. Some of the banners kept falling down but looked good otherwise
Nice sturdy plastic containers with tight fitting lids
good quality, price was right.
they seem to be quality material, I was not disappointed
ordered two. one for each end of dining table as reviews stated it is quite small and shallow. It is! arrived fast so i can use it sooner. bottom of second basket does not sit flat on a surface. but still usable.
These lids work very well and are durable, I wash them by hand and peg them up to air dry.
Seem very lightweight though, wish they were a bit heavier.
We use this for our oatmeal honey soap. Every bar we have poured has come out perfect, and the little bee comes out very detailed. My only issue is that I wish the cavities were a bit deeper. We get roughly 2.5 ounces per cavity. The molds release well and clean right up.
I really did not think it would be small Glass Good Product.
We camp and trail ride with our horses alot and I had a water filter straw that needed to be replaced so I ordered a new one. When I received it I was a little confused it didn't really look like a water filter. I went back and read the post again and all it says is water filter. There isn't any instructions with it so we'll just have to try it out.
Very nice cup. What I didn't like was how hard the printing is to read. I had to look at the print under a bright light just to read it. It was a gift and she also had a hard time reading it.
Beautiful detail and sparkle but it was heavier than we expected and had some difficulty keeping it in place. She took 1st prize and the crown really made her costume!
These are a little rough on the edge where I put my lip, but otherwise they're light weight, stackable, shatterproof, and rarely tip over. Nice.
I really like this juicer as it is very easy to assemble and use. I have a hard time getting it apart to clean though.
I really like these, but they are kinda tricky to open
Hi like this product very much. I use it in my Instant Pot for steaming veggies, potatoes rice and fish.
This is ok, only bad thing is batteries fall out easily often:/
The markings are great, the colors are nice. The only complaint is the handles are thin. Could cut oneself. Plus they bend easily.
It's beautiful I was using for hot tea thinking that it's a thick glass it would be ok but it's not. It's not strong enough for hot tea it cracked as I'm pouring the tea but cold drinks would be ok.
A bit hard to clean... but they work!
Nice glasses! Just wish lettering was darker.
Exactly what I expected
The plates came packed very secure. There was a pesky label on each plate, but I soaked the plates in water for a few minutes and the labels came off easily, even the glue. I plan to use these at a tea party for finger foods and desserts. The top of the plate is smooth but you can still see the pretty design on the bottom.
This is so much fun to make a waffle bowl on the weekends as a family event!
They work but are super flimsy. But I could only find this one product for the foodi. So far so good
The size is just right for lunch, a drink, and fruit or desert. The look is nice and I like two handles/straps. But even with plastic ice packs, my yogurt was not cold mid-afternoon. Even with ice packs, I'll put it in the office fridge from now on.
This is a very nice set up and just what I was looking for. I only gave it 4 stars because the lid does not close tight. It does snap close on the sides but not by the handles. There is a good size gap and in order to keep the food from drying out, I had to put a piece of plastic wrap over the top of the pan and then put the lid over it. It did keep the food warm using the heated pack. If you lay the top on your counter, it does not lay flat but instead, the ends curve upward. I don't know if this was caused from packaging or it just is too small. I am now trying to flatten it out by setting the cover on the counter and putting the pan on top of it and let it sit for awhile to see if it that will flatten the cover out or not. It is just a small inconvenience and not worth sending it back. I am keeping it. And the price was right! I had looked at just the carrying bags and some of them were more expensive then this whole package!
It's a bit more difficult to get started on a can than my old one, but definitely better looking
Works great for the small things.
I just threw out all my other graters (for serious) . All metal, continuous weld down the whole grater, Solid made. Rubber feet are really sticky. Tired of replacing plastic/ metal combo crap from China. I heavily research and read reviews to OCD levels. This will be the last grater I will need to buy.
Fast service and very much worth the price
Great buy, the only complaint I have is that the scoby didn't come with very much kombucha juice.
After purchasing my long awaited Subzero fridge I wanted to keep it sparkling clean and organized so these containers were the first things I purchased. They look great and most importantly because you can see what leftovers you have you use them before you forget what you have, therefore no more unpleasant surprises when you pull the plastic lid off the plastic bowl and say “oh my gosh, what is that? (Or rather “what was that?”) I also love that they are all square or rectangular and fit so nicely in the cupboard. No round ones, thank you. By the way they seal beautifully and keep your food very fresh. I especially like the little square one for cheese slices. No more need to buy individually wrapped slices. Got 2 sets of these and got rid of a full drawer of t-ware. Took away 1 star because one silicone seal tore when removing the lid for the first time. Love them and will never go back to plastic.
Love my wine fridge but it doesn't get cold enough.
Not bad. The seam is in the middle of the top of the straw instead of on the side. Once you trim it down they are great straws.
Great foldable steamer at a normal/acceptable price. The pros of this model are foldable feet with silicone bottoms to save your non-sticks and a plastic handle that isn't burning hot when you want to remove it. The extendable aspect of the handle is a bit gimmicky, it barely goes up a few inches, but better than nothing and it does get it low enough for some of my more shallow pots. Definite improvement over the traditional all stainless screw in feet and handle steamers.
wish it was sharper but good value for the cost.
This water bottle keeps things cold, is easy to refill, and is easy to carry. Most frequently, I get comments on how cute it is. I've used this brand for a number of years and always have the same problem with the rubbery lid getting discolored/molded over time, even with weekly washing in the dishwasher/with bleach. Typically it takes about 8 months for this issue to occur. It may be that I have been using it too heavily.
I bought the kitchen shears for preparing chicken for Asian dishes. We enjoy free range chicken on the bones so I needed to have shears that can cut through breast bones. These shears have comfortable handles and is very sharp. The shears can also be used to open bottles and can scale fish. I like the fact that the shears can come apart which makes it easy to clean them. The shears come with a magnetic sleeve to hang them on the fridge, but mine was warped so it did not stick on the fridge.
good purchase. only 'complaint': the front part which goes into your mouth is a bit long
These glasses are good when you want simple. Great for hosting and company.
Love this but wish I could sharpen the blade.
We use them to monitor computer time. The countdown is perfect because there's no guessing or fishing for extra time. The only negative is that the battery seems to go fast and the sound of adding time is loud and gets annoying. Overall, they work great for the purpose of what we bought them for.
I've never heard of this product until I needed one to make Mojitos. So far, it works great mashing the limes and mint leaves. I even use it to mash lemons, does a great job. The mixing spoon is great to get out all those fruit seeds. Didn't give it a 5 star because this is my first muddler and don't have anything to compare it with. So far, I like it!
Durable and beautiful. It's large enough to fit almost a whole container of peppercorns. Well worth the money. For those who like finely ground pepper, I will say that it's nearly impossible for me to turn the wheel to get it down to a fine grind. I enjoy a more coarse grind so I don't have a problem with it. I do with it was easier to turn to a more fine grind though. I think it would stretch the pepper a bit more lol
The red Looks very nice but food sticks. I seasoned a couple of times but that did not solve the problem.
I have some knives with a thicker blade that won't fit into the top. I read about others having the same problem but didn't realize several of mine were too thick to fit. Overall I am pleased with it but wish the top slots were a little wider to accommodate these knives.
These are great spatulas/scrapers, especially for the price, but I do wish that they had a little less texture on the working end. They are just slightly textured, but I think it would be better for them to be totally smooth.
Not real high quality, but for the money works great
When you pump it up it good for maybe 5-10 seconds of spray at the best. It's not a super fine mist but it's good enough. After you put the top back on when your done just give the black neck a slight turn to let the pressure off and then back to tight.
Ordered these gray memory rugs for our remodeled bathroom. They are ok. They are more of a light bluish gray than a gray. So far they seem durable having had couple weeks. They are comfortable to walk on. Good overall, wish color was more gray as advertised.
Pros : cost, obviously. This is a cheap item but it still works as it's supposed to. Cons : only one temp setting, hot. So you will need high heat oil / spray etc or it will burn your grease for the waffle and it will taste nasty.
Nice piece but too expensive for what it is.
Easy to use and manage and clean
Very good and durable
Well built Bento Box. Right sized for me. Was looking for something in the medium size range and this fit the bill. The lids are very tightly sealed and prevent liquids from leaking out. The quality is very good and with some care should last me for a very long time. I would recommend this box to others without hesitation.
This is a beginner's set and would not probably hold up to everyday use. If you need tools for some occasional fondant, these are great. If you need professional tools for regular use, you should buy a higher quality set.
Perfect as it says, cold or hot works both ways!
This was a good product. The compartments are perfect portion sizes for Toddler lunches. I really liked the slim fit design it's fits perfectly into a standard lunch carrying case. The only issue that I had with this is that it's pretty hard to snap and after a while one side somehow got off track and it was really hard to snap in place. Really liked the product wished I would've gotten more than 1 school year out of it but it served its purpose.
I like the shoulder strap that comes with it. It is nicely made and good quality. It may be a little small if you like to carry a couple of different snacks. But is big enough for a sandwich, bag of chips& a drink
They work good for the price
Originally gave this item 1 star because it worked until we took the fries out to shake them and then it just stopped heating. Apparently there is a safety sensor because the drawer has to be very tightly shut which is hard to do once the unit is hot. Once we figured that out the fries came out amazing and the frozen fish fillets were nice and crispy. Very pleased but taking one star away because the safety feature was not listed in the manual that we could find.
This makes great Belgian Waffles. Quick, and easy. Only drawback is that the first waffle will not come out as brown as the second one.
Great item, however there were cracks around the handle, very flimsy. Didn't come with keychain at all.
As we use community laundry room sometimes when I forget my laundry, tenants take it out, and just the fact that someone touches my stuff made me buy this bags. I only use two smallest ones, other one are huge and so far I got no use for them. After about two washes as it keeps small clothe items in, it lost the shape and got “fuzzy”
Excellent product food comes out fully cooked
These look great and do their job. They are nice and heavy so they don't slide around, and the cork bottom also helps keep them in place. My only gripe is their horrible texture and the sound they make when two of them rub together is just terrible. This might not be a problem for some one without sensory issues though. Overall since they dont move often this isn't a problem.
I've had these for months now and they are great but my favorite one, the middle one is a bit crooked after my kids used it. Either than that I'm really happy with these.
The coarseness settings inadvertently change when the grinders are activated
I love this product especially for the aesthetics. The seam has broken since purchase and will need to use gorilla glue to stick back together. Other than that, it is a great product.
beep is not very loud, but ok for me because I just take it with me.
I wanted an informational page about how to use the accessories.
Perfect size to put in my daughters lunch bag
Not as described - only has TWO locking latches now, so not as sturdy/secure as before yet just as expensive. And the sticker on the one I received said it was a Cake and Cupcake carrier and that there was a "reversible base" that had holes to place cupcakes in - but what was inside was a very thin plastic deviled egg holder (see picture)! Strange. A plus is that the handle is molded into the top (and not a separate piece like many others) so no risk of the handle "coming off" when you're carrying your cake.
Nice for the price tho
Size was perfect and lightweight. Opening was a bit difficult, had to make sure it was lined up otherwise it got stuck.
Exactly as expected! Recommend!
Great quality so far. makes delicious whipped cream!
It works well for me, took me a while to figure out how to set it for just 2 cups, and after few months of use, I've couple tips for buyers who interested in coffeemaker with build in grinder First is the grander, I know lots of people prefer crush grinder, crush grinder not just better for the beans, also good for making fewer cups of coffee like 1 to 4 cups. This Black+Decker or any coffee maker with this type of grinder are not designed for making 1 to 4 cups coffee, and like some people said the blade burns the beans. Second it cleaning, this one took me 5 minutes to wash and dry all the parts get ready for next use, but those with crush grinder coffeemaker just dump the used one, rains up and ready to use. For those with crush grinder coffeemaker the price usually $200 and up, so there is a big price difference.
This is a great Sous Vide cooker with accessories for the price. Works great.
Sometimes hard to pump
Cute rug- came from China- just fyi.
Love this fan. QUIET. For some reason, some times when I have it plugged it, it cuts off. Don't know why. Then it will be okay. That's why I didn't give 5 stars.
I was using the meal box with one compartment so that i need to carry either two or three boxes and i am really happy with this box since i can carry just one box. Also i can use three different items in one box
I always hated standard salt shakers. We have had a wooden pepper mill for year. It was getting a bit worn out, so I was looking for a new one. When I saw the salt mills, I decided I needed one too. I love the look of these. The large mouth at the top for filling is so much better than trying to fit it in a small opening around the large rod thru the middle. These mills don't have that rod, making it that much easier to fill. The easy size adjuster at the bottom is nice, but I tend to move the adjustment when twisting the mill. I would like to see some type of locking mechanism for that. Other than that, they are a delight to use. They grind the course at blends with no effort at all. The stainless steel blends in nicely with today's modern kitchens.
I still hate scooping ice cream, but this makes it a bit easier. Additionally, it doesnt bend like cheaper products in hard ice cream
Good price and powerful enough for most instances but bogs down a bit with frozen fruits in smoothies. Might struggle with ice crushing.
Grew up using these, great pricing for the set
Love this mini portable blender, easy to use and clean. I used it to make baby food for my daughter, the purée came out very thin and smooth. Just need to press the button for 2 seconds to start and it will stop when food is ready.
I was shocked on how good these are made. For the price they are actually very well made! I gave one as a house warming gift and it was used that night. It was better than the other one that they received. I am very happy with these and highly recommended them! You will not be disappointed with them!
The color is more light blue than teal color
Seems to keep food fresh, difficult for some people to open not knowing how they work. But fine for me
When I first bought the fridge it came damaged the door was broken so I got a new one for free and let me keep the old one and I fixed the old one so I got two for the price of one fridge works great keep stuff really cold it's not too noisy
Being cast iron I expected it to be heavy but it is very heavy once it is filled with water. I also thought it was going to keep the tea hot longer than it really does. The insert for the tea is a very fine mesh and keeps the leaves out of your tea.
Great quality and look, but not as sharp as I was hoping. Wish it cam with its own stand.
I was looking for a product like this for a long time. Easy to assemble, great to organized my pots and lids, great quality. I set up horizontal so my pots are place vertical; since my cabinets are small the handles take double the space if I set up otherwise. I have more than I was able to fit but most like it I will get another rack...I love how my pots look organize with this product.
Great pump! Really good creama.
Used today, need to spray a nonstick on it or it sticks but other than that, just what I needed.
perfect for meal replacement shakes - a little thicker than regular straws but not too thick.
They are good bags I should have gotten larger bags for grocery shopping. I will use them for other things besides grocery shopping.
Great for dissolving protein powder into morning coffee
Pretty sharp set up, the screw tops are a little crude and they do dispense large amounts but the caddy is cool
Nice heavy decorative drinking glasses. They hold liquids, like they are designed to do.
Very user friendly! No issues! Glad I purchased it!
I have been using this bread toaster since last 4 years. It works great, requires less space on the kitchen counter. I would give 1 star less as the cleaning is bit tedious.
I love the look of this press. It looks nice enough to keep out on the counter. I did however put it in the dishwasher to clean one time and the glass cracked. I ordered a replacement and plan to hand wash from now on.
I really like the cup, but it is about 2 ounces too small.....in my opinion.
Bags are awesome no complains yet! Keep it guys!!
I got what I paid for, well made pot. But I am right handed but pour with my left so went the pour area on the right side of the pot. My mistake. Lost a star for the lid handle not being insulted so you need to use a pot holder to lift the lid.
Works well only issue is the magnet could be a bit stronger but overall is a great purchase.
I am extremely pleased with this product, however, it only arrived with 1 foot covering. I have granite counter tops and need all 3 feet to be covered to prevent scratching. How can I get the other 2 covers? I will update my review upon contact. Thank you!
I received an email when the item shipped with a tracking number. The item arrived on time. They are easy to open and close and have a tight seal. You can put them in the freezer and don't have to pop food out of an ice cube tray and then put the food into another container to freeze. Very convenient! Would definitely order them again.
The back piece came broken. But other then that it's a great breadbox!
Very solid product, seals well. Seal does tend to slip.
These are cute and solid, good quality. I ordered 3 boxes. One jar arrived broken and one chipped but I didn't need all 75 so it wasn't a big deal. I wish the white marker had a finer tip but it worked okay, just hard to write some of the longer names. I also didn't use the funnel, just a rolled up piece of printer paper since it was faster and the powders didn't stick to it. Nice product, though.
I've had mine for several days. I cannot find how to set the timer so that it counts down the remaining minutes/seconds. Also, I can't get it to shut off without pulling the cord from the wall. I'll wait on the factory response. Pretty happy with it so far. Just wish there were more details and the manual printing was darker instead of gray.
This is super easy to use,works great and was a great value. I definitely recommend!
So far so good , they work as advertised but I'm disappointed that one container broke already only after a one use . I hope they others hold up
Works good just takes a lot of hand strenght
Had one bottle broken and one missing from first shipment of 24, they immediately mailed me a duplicate order of 24 which again had one bottle broken, so now I have 45 and can't complain.
Enjoying this product with every cup of wine i make.
Came with a small dent so I was a little disappointed. I was able to pop it out but you could still see a small crease.
I have kitchen aid pro 6. The cover fits well on machine but attachment doesn't fit properly in the pockets. Fabric is good. Stitching is nice. A must have for your kitchen aid mixer.
Overall good quality and keeps food and cans cold. Wish it had some outside pockets or something to store snacks.
This is a large cooler bag great for a day on the beach for snacks and sandwiches and some drinks
Works great. Might want to reduce baking time depending on your preference for chewy vs. hard brownies. I butter and flower the cups to make it easier to remote cooled brownies.
These will likely last me for all of the vacations in my life; however, I was a little disappointed to learn that they're sold locally in my Canadian province for a fraction of the price on Amazon.com. Americans might find a better deal locally as well (?)
Look well made and seem to hold the jars at a good angle and being able to catch the little run off should help over time. If any problems develop that we haven't experienced as of yet I would return to update the review. It was a good price for all three items and I never thought of slipping on a black sock or cloth over the jars to keep out light. Usually just throw into the cupboard right side up not upside down too. so this is a nice change and for the better. I especially like this for husband who did things his way and ignored my preferences...the ever going differences between man and woman....lol. This is the kind of thing he will use for sure and make ME his lady so much happier too. I would recommend. We've been using the plastic version of mesh lids now for over 40 years so jury is still out on hte metal mesh...we'll give it some time but not tossing the plastic oldies but goodies just yet.
I use them to clean my betta tanks. They leak a bit, sometimes, but they're alright.
These are pretty but they stain very easily.
So, I love these utensils, but the colors vary greatly. The first set I ordered were a beautiful blue/purple which I just love. The second set was mostly yellow, which I'm not a fan of. Gonna return it and try and roll the die again and hopefully get what I want.
For the price it was a great deal. if you don't want cheap diner quality flatware then spend extra money and find a different set. The salad forks are tiny the size of teaspoons. It serve the purpose that I need.
Latest Update: I have received several messages from Clara in Customer Service from Koios, apologizing for not getting to my request for help sooner. I didn't answer the first email, as I called Amazon and the item was promptly replaced. But, she emailed again, offering assistance. The email seemed very sincere, and I believe it was. THANK YOU, CLARA for following up. We are happy with the hand blender, and feel confident if we have any issues they will be resolved promptly. I haven't used this yet - just opened the box and completed the warranty. Material looks good, sturdy and I'm excited to try it. So, I went to try it, and the hand blender piece that fits onto the motor unit is broken. See the picture. I went to the website and tried "chat", but only got "Please wait. All agents are busy right now, but soon someone should be free to help you!" Then called the 855 number, and held, then after a few minutes, they disconnect you. How long is reasonable to wait? I'm not sure. If this gets resolved, I will write a follow up. If not, I will send it back.
I wish the price was lower, but other than that, they are very useful for grocery shopping, and storing food. I recommend them along with a cooler bag inside your refrigerator, they will extent the storage life of fruits, vegetables, and other plant foods.
Nice, but I would have liked it deeper.
I like this product. I just received them in the mail and have been using the pink one. When my granddaughter tried the purple one the straw would not work it has a crack in it any way to get a new straw for it.
Like how compact it is but have to slam top to get to work and then it works!!
I am not sure, it does not melt as the pictures.
Works fine and quite easy to handle. Definitely help the messy chore.
Tips for the tabs: If you're having problems with the tabs drooping into your batter or not sitting flush against the side of the pan, here's a trick that's helped me. Before placing the parchment in your pan, fold the tabs to whichever side of the parchment you're using as the bottom, make a crease, and gently flip them back up to the "right" side. The outward crease will make the tabs sit flush with the side of the pan instead of wanting to slump into your batter.
I liked them a lot. But it would seem a simple thing to but a tiny button on each end of the top so the lid. This would allow one to “snap” a corresponding hole in the lid to hold it in place. It would have been better if this lid could be secured.
I really like the look. I'm got 3 to put in my room and my kids room to fight dryness since I have wood heat for my house
It looks really nice. Very small tho
Stumbled on this searching for a gift for a unicorn lover! The tumbler is attractive, vibrant and well made. The lid sturdy too, not flimsy. One start off for just plain packing, its a plain white box. Having an attractive box to go with it would have made it so much better! Regardless, since this is for a kid, i am sure she'll love it!
Bought these tongs to replace the Vollrath tongs of similar length: the strip hinge broke there and I needed a cheap replacement. These tongs are thin and feel somewhat cheap, but they do the job. The only thing that I don't like is that they spread out very widely compared to other tongs that I used.
works, fits, arrived on time, whats not to like.
This works for my living situation. I'm able to avoid the shared kitchen with this mobile cooktop I use in my bedroom. For road trips where I would hop among hotels, I would also gladly bring this along to skip some eat-out meals and opt for a makeshift homemade meal with the help of this product.
Great quality... not 1 ripped and the kids were handling
quality was great, but it didnt fit
I chose this particular brand because it comes with accessories and with the instant pot, you have to buy them separately. I have used this pressure cooker 3 times and it works well. My only complaint is the bottom buttons are grey and I cannot read the words on them. I had to pull out the paperwork that came with the pressure cooker to see what those buttons are for. Also, before you use it, take the inside pot out because there is a paper under neath it. Overall, I would recommend this pressure cooker. I have cooked rice and soup in it and it works great.
Awesome product plenty room for stuff a co worker even bought one after seeing mine
it's a good grinder for the money, does what it needs to do, however I would like it to be a bit more coarse for my press, and I get about 1.5 pots from one grinding so not much, but it's compact
Used these for cupcake favors for an event. A few of the boxes were beaten up a bit. So luckily I had bought extras just in case.
These cat butt magnets look good and have plenty of strength to hold notes, cards, lists, etc. onto your refrigerator, but they are fragile . . . About a week after I received them and had four of the six holding a notice on my refrigerator door - I brushed my shoulder against one and it fell to the floor from a height of almost 6 feet. The result was a tail and leg completely broken off, and I now have five cat butt magnets. So I'm giving them 4 stars because they should have made them out of a stronger resin, or possibly a material that's more pliable and less prone to break on impact. Lesson learned - I now only use them on the side of my refrigerator where there is less chance of another one getting knocked to the floor and broken. I usually lose my refrigerator magnets because the magnet part detaches from the body of the magnet. No such problem here - it appears that they used a very strong glue and the magnet will stay attached.
it works as intended.
Fits in my instaPot just fine
They weren't exactly what I was expecting, I wanted something thicker to replace some we already had. Tried amazon since we couldn't find them anywhere else. The price was right and we will use them, just expected a little heavier duty
Cute. Kinda smaller than expected. Not airtight. The lid pops open. But my birds can't get into it so good enough. And it keeps gnats away. (I used them for pet food). If you have food that is almost the size or shape of a pea, it'll get stuck around the opening in that little crevice.
If it was superior product, it would be 5 stars... but they are decent. Easy to clean, efficient and great for the price.
Wanted some single-serving size pie plates and these fit the bill. Only thing, I wish they were deeper, but they'll serve the purpose anyway.
Works well and easy to clean but unnecessarily large. Heftier size wastes storage space. What breaks on these things is usually the wires which are still flimsey thickness. Wish they'd use blades to cut instead.
Bag is great for the beach or to just carry stuff around. Only thing the rope starts to hurt after a while.
I really like this pan. I rarely give 5 stars unless the product just blows my socks off. Great color light weight can sometimes be difficult to clean depending on what you are cooking in it. Does come with a huge sticker on the side which a lot of people gave really horrible reviews over! It's not a problem though and have a really easy trick to remove that. Get rubbing alcohol and saturate it liberally in paper towels. Cover the entire sticker until it's completely covering the sticker. Let sit in your sink on its side for up too 45 mins. Make sure the paper towels stay wet with the rubbing alcohol. Remove the paper towels while scrubbing at the same time. With some elbow work the sticker WILL come off and come off very clean! Like if it wasn't even there!
So far so good. Only used a few days but no issues and no grounds in coffee. Easy to use and clean.
Looks great, bought for Christmas present. Let's hope he likes it
Fun mug...just be careful using scrub brushes over the glitter paint...
Love the ease of use and the non digital aspect. Wish it had a tray for cleaning. Otherwise it is perfect and works extremely well. Browns toast evenly on both sides and bakes very well. Overall pleased with the purchase and would buy this brand again.
I've only used it a couple times, but it worked great. We'll just have to see how long it lasts. Thought it was worth the risk to spend so much less on this one than on the manufacturers version, which was so much more.
These containers definitely rival the 'name brand' ones...thick plastic, solid lids and air-tight seal. They look wonderful, very clean and crisp. However, they are about half the size of my old set and where I could fit a 5lb bag of flour in the old container, the largest one from this set will only take maybe a half a bag. I wish they sold them individually as there are too many small ones, but I plan on using those for storing things like batteries, stamps, etc...stuff that goes in my 'junk drawer. If you are looking for medium to small sized storage containers, these are PERFECT. I plan to supplement my set with some larger ones. Still, it's a great buy and a great product!
Hope the machine lasts long enough to get full use of the grinder
If you are looking for a pen holder, or for display this is great! But it's very hard to drink out of, it's a square mouth opening with a strange lip that makes it hard for a comfortable drink.
Nice set for everyday use but the downside is a little too heavy with the wooden handle!
Exactly what I was looking for but tonight I went to use the roller cutter & it won't even roll!! I am happy with the stamps but the roller cutter not so much!
Great product but the cracks and crevices are hard to clean.
I ve been using it last couple of months. Pretty good so far. Great for small kitchen like mine.
This thermometer comes as described and works great. It is easy to use and has a very nice, clean LCD to view information. If there are any issues in the future, I will update my review.
It works perfectly; I just wish the spout was a tad higher. You can barely fit an 8oz cup under it.
Works well but is hard to open.
First of all, the device has a very solid feel to it, as it seems to be made quite well. To me, it took some time to get the best results. Sometimes, if the piece of garlic is rounded, it will push it off to the side when pressing on it. I have found that when there are squared off chunks (precut the garlic in halves), it pushes through the blades/holes better. It does mash up the garlic pretty well with several passes. I used a small paring knife to clear off the garlic from the inside of the press. It is easier to clean than my old press that is designed like a piston in a cylinder. All in all, it is a fairly decent unit.
Giving this out as a gift for someone who loves food. I really think she will enjoy using this product!
The reason for 4 stars is the lid doesn't stay on even when I hear it click.
Good product heats up fast , just deceiving because not as deep as it looks , great for stir fry , one or two pieces of meat , hotdogs , not a casserole dish . but serves the purpose to cook up something quick as long as it isn't too big
Love the tumbler but the hot lid cracked within a week.. from? Hot tea? I have no idea. I would have given 5 stars except that. But it keeps things hot and cold and the lid doesn't leak....yet.
Nice bowls! I feel these bowls can use lifetime if use it carefully. They are so nice made so smooth and clean. Whole family love them!
This is a great tool for cleaning cooked on gunk from my black stove. Does not scratch the surface. But, it doesn't get it ALL off, but it comes close.
These are quite heavy and should last. My one complaint is that they do not hold as much as expected. They replaced cheap ones that broke easily, but held about 2 oz more.
Ok to use . Better than using microwave all the time .
These shot glass are not for etching. They are nice and strong. Would be great at a bar. Ordered these to do custom shot glasses and they will not etch with chemical.
They are decent quality containers. I bought them so that I could prep meals for my husband to take to work. After a couple of weeks of use, I noticed a very small crack in one of the lids, but there's no telling what my husband did to cause it, so I'm not disappointed. I like that they are dishwasher safe, and have done well in the microwave. Compartment sizes are good for practicing portion control.
I'm using them as gifts git attendants at a Bachelorette party.
This product came shaped like it was supposed to. Not too much else to say.
Very quality silverware!
Good. Was a little darker in color than my screen showed, so it didn't quite match what I was hoping (see picture - my other napkins came a little lighter than expected, so it wasn't going to be perfect anyway).
Perfect for my countertop
Overall, durable product. I thought it would fit a standard kit lunch box, but these don't. This is a great product if you have a larger lunch box or take it by itself to work.
Thought this might make my mother laugh. Saw it on line and it made ME laugh anyway.
These are cute and pretty strong magnets. One got bumped off the fridge and the tail broke. Daughter in law loves them.
Good quality and easy to use.
I bought these for my Daughter and she really didn't mention them. I sent quite a few things but I like the fact that they're heat resistant. Wish I could buy some for myself. Mine burn me like crazy!
I was sent the wrong color but like the product
Great product! I like using them to shred baked chicken to use for tacos or whatnot.
They are what was expected.
Practical purchase, just don't use in the dishwasher! Handwash only!!
Daughter's bday at school; kids loved these. I used the medium sized cupcakes and had to tape the holders to fit the cupcakes and it still looked cute! PERFECT for large cupcakes. Would not recommend for mini cupcakes.
this is was a good buy. thank you.
Works fine, but the size: A biggish salad for one or 2 small side salads. Really a bit too small for two, whereas the regular size version is a bit too big. I am goldilocks and I can't find a salad spinner sized to suit...
I like the size of the scoop is great. The handle may be to thin/small for some. It was not a issue for me.
Not as big as I expected but love the colors and sturdiness of the bowls.
Great for people who drink alot of water. Good price, easy to wash and a good purchase
What a cute cookie cuter! It was a bit smaller than I expected, but still nice.
It works as it is supposed. Versatil yes.
I got the handle for the twenty oz. It fit just right and it isn't to heavy and makes handling the cup much easier. I have small hands so I love this handle.
They are good. Note: some do come craked. Also they are very hard to open without breaking. Very protective for slime and I reccomed them. You should buy-
I received them on time I did think they were a little bit short but they were not at all that's my fault I did not read t I received lead on time I did think they were a little bit short but they were not at all that's my fault did not read all the details not sure if it's in it or not!!!
This works great. Compact and efficient. I didn't realize that none of the grocery stores in my area sell the pods though. I can order them online, but they aren't easy to find in stores.
Good product just a hit too clunky for my liking
Not quite like frying in oil but without the mess and expense of oil. Certainly healthier. But be prepared to adjust your recipes and taste, and you will be thrilled with results. I returned an oil fryer and got this instead. Much happier with this large greaseless device that is more like a baker than a fryer.
I have used this item twice and it seems okay.
These are very easy to wash/dry which is a plus. They are easy to snag. Not bad though.
I love the end result of cooking with cast iron and this really is a good quality cast iron griddle. I have to laugh at the review that says it's "too heavy" ... because...well it's cast iron. I would definitely think something was wrong if it was lightweight. The instructions for cleaning that come with this are more geared towards caring for a skillet - for example, it says the key to a good seasoning layer is buffing, which makes sense for a cast iron skillet, but not for a grill. Getting in between each grill grate with a thin layer of oil and "buffing" it in is a lot more difficult than oiling a skillet. That said, it's worth the labor to get to the end result of perfect grill marks and flavor. It's also worth noting that this griddle is too wide to be used on a long 5th burner. It's more for use across two adjacent burners. If you use this on a 5th burner in the middle of your stove, there's not much room for anything else on the stove top. That was apparently unclear to me when I bought it, but that was my oversight. I still love this thing.
Awesome chopsticks, feel very solid without being to heavy, wish they'd come with a hard case though.
First time trying a juicer, so far I'm satisfied.
Bought this to replace a Farberware rubber spatula I dearly loved but could not find to buy again. (Original was a gift to me.) I like it except, as some other reviewers have mentioned, I do think the tip may break through the thin silicone one day. This is the next best one I found to the Farberware, so I'm using it. Like it for using on my USA pans (since they have the non-stick silicone coating you can't use metal on) and for doing omelets.
I order a 2-pack of sleeve protectors for my recipe cards. They sleeves were clear and thin and I liked them so much I clicked on "Buy it again" to order another 2-pack. They were not as clear and thin, nor were the exact same size (disappointing...). The first set was sold by Light Lifestyle and shipped by Amazon; the second set shows sold by Elton Orlando and shipped by Amazon. When I looked again I saw there is yet another shipper under the same listing. I'm afraid to try again.
These are very good utensils, the only issue is that sometimes you need it to be a little more ridged.
Product is very good. However, the observation I have is that it came wrapped with a lot plastic. We are suppose to be buying this in order to save on plastic. Everything came with excessive packaging. Seller should review this.
Right one that I needed.
Made my own hamburger mix. Was easy to assemble, use and clean! Very good product!
It fits my 6 qt Instant Pot well, does the job it's supposed to, came packaged well, and arrived on time.
Looks like photo. Very small but perfect for the person who dosent drink a whole lot. It was a gift for a coworker...she said it looks just like her canon lense. It comes with a cute little spoon. She loves her gift. She said she is going to mess with her husband when she gets home....she is going to pour boiling water into it to trip him out. He will think she's nuts. Lol.
It was a gift! They seemed to enjoy it
The tops are a little tough to remove to actually use them, that's my only complaint. The tops may loosen a bit though with more use and if so, I'll update the review. They match my kitchen though so I'm happy.
show more bigger in the pic.
Top part is metal and the rest is plastic. Has a small valve on the bottom to fill it up with gas. I didn't fill it up with gas yet. Feels sturdy and long lasting even though half is plastic.
These salt and pepper grinders work great and look sleek. They get four stars instead of five because they do not offer options for how course you would like to have your salt or pepper ground.
Purchased to hold small portions of snacks to carry for grandson for our daily trips to parks. Covers are tight fitting but easily removable, and the square sizes make for easy storage as well as building blocks for a 20 month to stack.
This airtight coffe container works very well to keep your coffee fresh. I really like how it has an airtight seal and stays closed. Plus the top of the container has a dial on it so you can put the expiration date of your coffee on the top of the coffee container. I also like the sleek look and design of this container. It would look great in any kitchen. The only thing I wish was it was a little bit bigger. Other than the size I am very satisfied with this coffee container and I would purchase it again.
Great pans and good price! Now I only have to worry about keeping them as pristine as they came to me as...lol
This is an excellent size container made of good material. I have been using it for some time now and it makes cooking with the sous vide very nice. The two problems I have experience with it are with the sides. It has a rolled plastic lip and angled sides along the entire rim. It makes mounting the sous vide device a little bit awkward. If this were specifically made for a sous vide attachment a flat tab on one side would be very helpful. The second complaint, and it is with the rolled plastic lip, is trying to use clips for attaching bags to the side. Because of the width of the lip it is difficult to get clips on there. Other than that it is a great size, I have done fish, steaks, pork and even five to 6 pound briskets and beef tenderloins in it. It had plenty of space.
works well, would be better with on/off switch.
These bowls are an inexpensive alternative to stoneware or standard bowls. Most sets have shallow or small bowls included, and when you have children they can quickly break your good set. It is nice to have an alternative. My only complaint is they are a bit low quality (I know, they are plastic) but they felt more like something you would find hanging off the end cap at a grocery store than a decent quality plastic.
It's a butter dish so it's not like there are a lot of bells and whistles to seeing over. It holds butter. I like that. But it is really cute, I love the color. The only con to this is that it's definitely small - like it *just fits* a stick of butter. So if you're not paying attention or being careful you're definitely going to get butter on the bottom and sides of the lid. Bad for an orderly person like me, but good for someone with really small hands who was always in fear of dropping the former larger glass butter dish (also me... But it was my husband who ended up dropping the old one, forcing the purchase of this new cutie one). I don't regret buying this one in the least.
Seems to be what it's advertised to be. So far I liike them, just a bit pricey in my opinion.
The cover to the pan is ill-fitting if stored in a cold or very hot environment.
This arrived on time and nicely packaged. The conversion chart that is included is a nice touch, and the box is a nice dark color, and the white design looks nice. The recipe cards are a nice thick paper, with cute designs. My one issue is that the box has a hinged lid, and it doesn't close completely. There's a small gap that just looks weird. It looks like the one of the hinges was put on crookedly - not sure if this is the cause of the gap or not. I bought this as a gift so aesthetics are important - I'll still gift it, but hopefully the makers take note and improve this one small flaw.
Great containers but a little bigger than I had hoped for. The top seals well. The plastic is a little thicker then the normal containers I'd buy - a good thing. Hopefully they'll last!
We are in our mid-seventies and needed a sturdy, well built, safe ladder. This one solidly fits the bill; however, the first shipment was missing the handrails and tote bag (which I returned), and the second shipment was missing the rubber cap for one of the legs. Amazon was great in every step, but I feel the company needs better quality control when shipping items out. We did receive a new rubber cap within a short time. Back to the ladder, hubby and I feel quite safe and secure while going up and down the four steps. (Hint; be sure to count going down because hubby did a misstep and almost tumbled, trying to step down too early.) The other suggestion is after two weeks of use putting items away in our new kitchen, I've noticed the bolts to the handrails need to be tightened. Other than the missing parts in two separate shipments, I believe I would have given 5 stars for this handy, dandy ladder!
Gave these as a gift. Had them engraved and person loved them.
I got these to measure out a powder medication for my dog- they work well. Just wish they had the actual number measurement on them rather than "smidgen" etc
Alot smaller then expected . But itll get the job done .i would purchase again if need be
Plates look very nice and are a great price.
It's a good pan, especially for the price. Not 5 stars because the handle gets so damn hot. With others I have (Calphalon) the lid won't burn your hand.
This is such a cute gadget - got it for rob your neighbor game May not be the sturdiest item in the kitchen - but is cute and will come in handy for various tasks. Young adults loved it
Smaller than expected but practical 👍 good zipper guys
Fills up my whole oven just like I wanted.
Works well -- especially if chilled in advance -- and fits well in the freezer. As others noted, separating the insulated inner container from the outer is difficult. Further, if not fully dry before reassembly, you will get condensation between the layers. Despite this, this container is easy to use to produce single swipe scoops.
They began to rust after a few uses.
I used distilled water for a humidifier and was getting tired of having leftover containers to trash. Looking through the choices, this seemed to be the best choice for me. 1. The distiller was packaged well and highly unlikely to be damaged in shipping. 2. I laughed when I looked at the instructions. There was an item list and the instructions you see here for the item but nothing about putting it together. The small foldout had multiple pages, but that was for the different languages. There were three QR codes for viewing YouTube instructional videos. I had to download a QR code reader. Then, the third QR code linked to the middle QR codes videos. If you purchase this, save your time and do a YouTube video search for Life Basic and the title above each QR code. Now, this version has slight differences from the ones shown on YouTube, but they are close enough. 3. Putting the handle on the glass carafe was a bit of a challenge and it was much easier with two people. This was one of the two items that necessitated viewing the YouTube video. The metal bands are wrapped around the carafe opposite how they are packaged. The video shows a long metal screw and a nut. This version had two four screws, one for each side of the top and bottom bands. You'll need a medium size Phillips head screwdriver. I suspect the change was to eliminate the wrench required to hold the nut when connecting the bands. 4. Finding where the filter went also required viewing the video. I doubt I would have figured it out without a lot of trial and error. There was only one filter but I bought extra. 5. The first video clearly shows how to set up the system. It is really helpful when figuring out the reference to the silicon seal around the top of the glass in the carafe. 6. You do NOT connect the power cord until you are ready to start the distilling process. Put the water in, connect the distiller cord to the base, put the carafe in place, and then pull in the power cord. There is no on/off switch. 7. The process takes a bit over three hours as the water drips into the carafe. As per the instructions, it takes about 30 minutes for the process to start. There is some warmth but it is not hot to the touch. 8. Once done, I poured the distilled water into a large glass container like you would use for sun tea or lemonade. 9. Let it cool for a few minutes and then wipe out the base, the bottom of the distiller, and since I'm moving the water to an easier to use glass container, the carafe. Then, let all the parts air dry thoroughly before putting it away. This is working well and I'm going to be happy to have an easy way of getting distilled water for a long time.
Grinds coffee evenly, easy to adjust grind. A bit hard to clean, however.
We love this so much, this is our 2nd one. The stainless steel finish is nice and matches our kitchen appliances. The shelves hold most bottles, but sometimes we have a bottle with a fat bottom that will not fit (pinot noir). In that case, the bottom shelf has higher clearance so you can fit it there, or you can create space by reversing one of the shelves so they arc up instead of down. The finish on the newer model is scratchy, which leaves fuzz residue if you try to wipe it off with a paper towel. I prefer the smooth finish on the older model. The fridge also arrived with a small rust area on the top of the doors, which was disappointing but not worth the hassle of returning for a new one.
The gummy bear mold was a little to small. All the other molds work perfect!
No more guessing "dirty or clean". The magnets are very strong. Brushed aluminum is a little rough, but this is definitely the sleekest on the market.
Much larger than I expected, and well-constructed. The sliding cover glides smoothly and locks magnetically in place with a satisfying click. Came with a magnetic backing as well as adhesive circles. It really helps with our portable mini washer which requires constant draining, spinning and refilling to wash and rinse clothes. It's easy to forget which stage the laundry is at, and the indicator saves us guessing.
I bought it because I don't have a gadget like this in my kitchen. Also I like stainless steel kitchenware, too. This isn't a big pot, more like one cup. It will be useful to melt butter, chocolate, wax or to warm up small amount of gravy or milk. The rest and handle are soldiered and don't look too robust. I hope they will not be detached. The red wrap on the handle doesn't feel like silicone, I don't think I'd use this boiler in the oven. The bottom s flat therefore if it is filled, it won't tilt.
Works for our meal preps.
Attractive, the right size, drains well. Overall a very good product. There are two issues that kept me from giving 5 stars: 1) the angle and width of the slots in the drying rack doesn't accommodate smaller bowls. 2) the glass dirtying prongs around the outside of the rack allow water to drip onto the counter instead of into the draining tray, and they don't hold wine glasses securely.
I bought this pattern for my 7th grade daughter to make her Renaissance dress for school. The skirt was very easy to follow and the white shirt she chose to make was easy too. The vest started to get complicated so she decided to do without that and use the material we had bought for a satchel to carry her phone in. The instructions were a little hard to ready but she just followed the steps and it came out great!
I recommend this product for anyone who has difficulty in measuring oil. It is accurate and there is no mess. Just squeeze twice for 1 Tablespoon of oil or whatever you put in the bottle.
Good water bottle for a great price. Keeps water cold for a long time.
Cute little popcorn maker. Assembly was awful. Wish the cord wasn't at the top. Other than that, it's great!
It's very long if your short. I ordered in long and short
Got these after purchasing an identical one at a local store and wanting more. They work just like they should. Small size means they freeze quickly. Once in awhile a cube will be difficult to get out, but usually they just fall right out. Feel a little cheap, but so far they are holding up just fine.
My only complaint is the short cord, it's REALLY REALLY short.
Really strong for there size. I have other larger ones that are stronger and have an L hook that works better for hanging things from. If space is tight then these will work for light loads (small wire brush, manual etc etc) I don't know if I would hang something that weights 10 lbs from them, feel 5 might be safer. They are better then what you can buy in most hardwares stores.
Works good, but is louder than expected.
These koozies are great for the price. They keep your beer cold just as long as the top of the line brands. My only problem with this is that the plastic top is difficult to screw on. I've learned to screw it on before cracking the drink open. I've now gotten used to screwing it on over time so it doesn't bother me so much anymore.
My daughter loves helping me in the kitchen so these work well for us!
definitely like using these more then the wilton piping tips
Did as expected after running it through multiple times.
I use the small one and I really like it the inner part of the spatula is stainless steel, which is very strudy and strong, it works great. The reason only 4 star is they sell by a pair, and the big one is too big for me.
Doesn't work on pull tab cans from Costco. But it works in your standard tuna can.
Good locks. Had an issue getting the lock to secure on the hook. Had to try a few times but eventually figured it out. Glad it came with extra 3M strips. Had to take it off once and reapply a strip until I got the hang of it. Would recommend for the price.
they appear well built, and i was fearful to wash them in the dishwasher at first, but after 10-15 cycles they still appear brand new. i've had some other brand utensils fall apart because of the heat.
I loved how much of a cutting space I had, but after 1st wash I realized a crack going through the bottom side. Probably happened in transit?
Wayyyy smaller than expected. Probably my fault for not fully reading description, but they are very cute. They work very well keeping bees out of your glass during summer.
Small and practical, lovely shape. Simple and convenient operation.
Solid scrapper. Well made. Happy with this product. High recommended.
This is a pretty good product, which it were bigger to cook a whole fryer at once. The best I made so far was coconut shrimp and catfish! Definitely much healthier than oil frying!!
exactly as described
it looks great but a little wobbly
Looks nice next to the coffee maker. Keeps coffee fresh. Exactly what we were looking for.
Exactly what I wanted have 2 each in our truck, car, and Polaris !! Very pleased !
They were a little thin, but looked good on the table for the 4th of July
Works as expected, very easy to use. Now it's find the perfect roast for my taste which makes me wonder, why is coffee in Italy so much better.
These bags are pretty simple. I wish they had pre-marked lines so I knew where to cut. They should know where common Wilton couplers line up. Nonetheless it's a good buy. They're big, which is good for large volume projects.
This is a good little microwave, small foot print and good power. We like the quick touch cook time feature and the power levels appear accurate.
Great product but... the straps are too short to go around the faucet. I had to cut an old baseball cap fastener strap and wire wrapped it, to extend the length. So far, it's holding well.
Nice finish. It has some weight to it as well. Overall a very nice tray. I have a decanter set displayed on mine.
Run very small in size but functions as described. Washes in machine
I loved the spoons but the only downfall was that they were a bit shorter than I thought. Wish they were a bit longer.
Really was looking for a cookie scoop to make more uniformed sized cookies for a bazaar. This filled the bill however there was minimal sticking.
Fits my RTIC 30 oz tumbler perfectly. Seems like good quality. Only giving it 4 stars because there are squared-off, sharp edges on the bottom of the slider that can really scratch if you are washing it or pick it up without paying attention. Really a miniscule problem and I'd still buy it, but worth mentioning in case it catches anyone else by surprise!
The basket isn't as big as some other models but it works great and is easy to clean.
Should be offered as a 6 place setting set.
My one-year old lo as this cup. She's able to hold it herself. I
The item is much too heavy and loud. It works well, and I like the fact that the bottom section with the blades can be removed easily. But the noise is not pleasant at all and the mixer is much heavier than I like.
I love that the boards come in a set of 3 different sizes! And made of bamboo. I didnt give 5 stars because the packaging was ripped upon arrival.
Stable and stays where put unlike others
At this point I am satisfied with the cooker.
Perfect for oil foods to fry.. good
This is a great tool. I don't use it in the way most would. I use this to read the temperature of raw ingredients for soap making.
had the original magic bullet, but after many years the one blade was damaged. they all work the same, need to follow directions and not overfill the container. Wish it came with more full size cups. Not sure if I would buy again or go back to the magic bullet brand. For the money its a good buy
This is so much more efficient and versatile than the mandoline it replaced. I can't believe I waited so long to buy this. Easy to assemble, easy to clean, and very good at slicing and julienne.
Very durable and convenient for packing toddler lunch. My only issue is that the seals to stop leaking are porous and stain easy.
They're fine, but I could have done without the giant sticker on the side of the item. It's a pain to clean off.
I've had my EHM water filter for about 3 weeks now. It produces great tasting water. I can fill my 32oz water bottle twice which is great! I will say that sometimes the filter does get air bubles, but with just a quick shake, the filter gets reset and the water starts filtering through.
Keeps things reasonably cool right through the day (even in tropical heat). I add cooler packs because I carry homemade veggie juices that I really want to stay cool to preserve the goodness. There have been some complaints that the handle part is attached to the rest of the bag with velcro and it could be better designed. I agree with that, however I have found that once I make sure all 3 pieces of velcro are attached it holds well enough with about 32 oz of liquid weight in the bag. I use it every day for more than a month and it seems to be lasting well. I'd buy again.
I was pleased to get two matching pans with one purchase. These pans offering consistently great cakes.
It's a Brita product, so you know it works well. My fault for ordering the big size, but note that this is pretty big. For a single or two-person home, I'd opt for a smaller size. If you're trying to store water for a bigger family, then this is probably a good fit.
Cartridges arrived timely. Gave 4-stars as we haven't used them yet (and won't for some time). The filter is working great & I don't anticipate ANY issues with these cartridges. Will try to remember to update this review once I replace the cartridge.
I love my Pyrex dishes to store food and I use the smaller ones to pack lunch everyday, however the covers are not very sturdy. Most of my container covers have cracked within a year and thus the reason I needed to order replacement covers. This is the same for my round as well as my rectangular containers. Wish Pyrex would provide covers that last much longer or provide additional covers with their products.
This bag is a lot smaller than I expected. Worked well to hold a few things and like the cooler underneath but it's not my favorite beach bag I own
I used these to make teacher appreciation gifts. They worked great.
Nice! Need more variety. Maybe smaller with detail heads.
guests were very impressed. cleans up easy
This on works well :) Last one we tried did not kick out all the corns.
The bowls work for great for the intended purpose. The lids are flimsy though and if you accidentally bend them, they do not stay on. I purchased them because they are microwave safe and also light-weight which is what I need. Due to my age and an injury in my wrist, the glass containers I own are too heavy to lift and use often. I needed something lighter and these are perfect for that. If I intend to travel with food, I would use my glass containers for safety.
Light and easy to use.
Love this, and use it every day! It is great quality and easy to pack and clean! My only problem is that the water bottle holder does not reach the bottom and it is unbalanced and can't stand up when I bring my water bottle. But overall it's a great lunchbox for the price!!!
This is a wonderful product. Does why it says. Batter life is good so far cleaning hmm not so easy but I let soak. The base is a bit heavy though. Works great with small crushed ice or small cubes.
Seems like nice quality
Does just what it says it does. It's heavy duty and won't be breaking or rusting anytime soon! No more mess around the sink!
I purchased for my wedding reception, which was set up buffet style. They were the next best thing to linen and worked really well.
MagSlider Lid doesn't do anything. Certainly has nothing to do with sealing. Can't even swirl the liquid slightly without it coming through the lid. That aside, I like the Yeti for coffee and it keeps it hot for a long time as Yeti's are known to do...
It is kinda flimsy, but so far has held up to and done a nice job the few times I have used it.
I ordered this even after reading the reviews because where there is a will there is a way, I like the design and the fact that it is sturdy and heavy (thanks to the cast iron), thankfully I'm married to a mechanic and he fashioned a spacer and longer screw to hold the rod on with, which allows for a taller roll of paper towel and cannot be seen when loaded. I can attest that sparkle paper towels are too tall for it the way it comes, but that is the only kind I had on hand to try. I've attached photos of the adjustment we made. I do feel that the company should make a manufacturing adjustment due to all the feedback that has already been left on the issue, and that is why I deducted a star.
Great product overall. Fast shipping
Works well to make use of vertical space in cabinets. I wound up making risers to add height to the back row so I could better see the labels on my spice jars. One of the sets I ordered was uneven but the company quickly replaced it which was great.
Great but the coffe pot is very slow.
these are a bit wide so hard to squeeze with one hand especially when cold. the tops and bottoms are different sizes...if they were the same you could flip them over after changing tops and fill from the bottom without stuff leaking out the top. Otherwise good quality.
Really like them much better than tea ball I bought just wish it had two spoons for measuring tea
Works as advertised, and looks good as well. Cleans up easily and holds about a dozen large olives. I can recommend this product.
The size is ok. But the lids are really hard to get on and pops off easily. The price is a little high but I wanted to give them a try.
This is a must have if you own an instant pot. We steam everything now because its so easy. It cooked sweet and regular potatoes like a boss for thanksgiving dishes. We do fresh veggies almost every night. All pieces go right in the dishwasher for easy cleanup. Love this set!
I loved the soft close hinges. The cab is nice and sturdy. It's in my laundry room.
As a beer glass, it holds a pint of ale quite well. The etching is faint and seems unnecessary, but I read previous reviews beforehand so it was no surprise.
It arrived with a horrible strong chemical smell. I had to wash it. I soaked it overnight in laundry detergent then next day soaked it for about 1 hour in fabric softener. It took away the smell. It protects my fingers from the heat of my travel cup. It's worth the buy
Looks a little cheesy, a little smaller than I thought it'd be
Need a method to secure them to the cabinet floor. I plan to add cable clips
I would have given this 5 stars but as other people stated. It is nice but it is very thin stainless steel. I use this because mice got on top of my refrigerator eating my bread. This does store bread and other items. Large opening. Door rolls up nicely.
They look great but the size is better for small snacks.
The only thing I have a problem with is that it doesn't display the temp
Very good value would buy again and water tastes great!
It does what it's supposed to and keeps the floor clean. Vents keep it from getting moldy or stinky.
Very cute. Thin metal but still sturdy. Bought for a tea party
It's very good except the spoon thing wasn't there
Nice set but the tops keep coming off
Lots of room for cups, but thought it was metal. It's plastic, but plenty sturdy!
My wife asked for some stainless steel mixing bowls for Christmas. She asked for the 3 pack that Costco had for $20. I went and looked at them, and they were plain bowls. The edge on the top of the Costco bowls was a little sharp, and they had nothing on the bottom to help them from sliding. I decided to look for something different. This set is more expensive, but comes with 4 bowls with lids. It also has a grippy bottom. She loves them. The only problem we have with them is that the lid doesn't fit quite right after it is placed in the fridge. It is tight while everything is warm, but cooling them down makes the lid shrink so it is a little loose.
Very Great scale, I can turn it on with a container on it to automatically tare it to that container's mass. Also, batteries last forever on this guy. Top door broke months back but i still pop it on to protect the screen and scale.
Looks great with cupcakes but are very difficult to separate
it's easy to travel with, great case, lightweight, but the utensils have a lot of splinters (especially the fork, in between the teeth), so it can be dangerous to use until you clean them out and polish them.
I ordered three boxes of these as party favors. They were really cute and everyone loved them. The only downside was that one box was missing a charm and I only got 9.
I would give this 5 stars but There are a lot of ice cream that sticks to the side and gets wasted. Does anyone know how to avoid this?
Have not used yet. Instructions not very good. Going to have to figure it out on my own.
Ive only used a few times cuz its still pretty new to me. but i really like it. cooks food faster and healthier. even got my husband using it.
I love the packaging and everything about the purchase! The only thing is, it stated there would be 4 photo cards but there were only 3 and I wish that the poster wasn't folded (but you can't fix that, obviously lol) The album is wonderful and I'm so happy to have the photo book and album!
Great glass to gift my boyfriend, but must be hand washed and it is tricky to clean because of the indention. Not a huge deal, but wish I would have thought about that ahead of time.
Product was just as described. The handle edges are not smoothed down so it can feel a little uncomfortable when pouring from a full Press. My Press had a issue with the steel rod and screw breaking where it holds the filters on. I sent an email to the company and within 10 minutes had a response and they resolved my problem no questions asked. Very prompt and professional customer service. Even though I had an issue I would still recommend this company and product.
Used bowl for 22 inch fire table insert replacement. Drilled holes in bottom and painted with high temp grill spray paint. Works
Good, I'd give 5 Stars but one of the lids broke about 2 months after purchasing
This pouring shield is a great addition to my new Kitchen Aid stand mixer. Without it I would have flour all over my counter. This one is a great value. It arrived on time and packaged well.
Works for my purposes, but wish the indentations were a little more defined.
Very easy to use even for an amateur like me. I make a1 lb loaf every week. Once you have done a few loaves it gets easier and easier. You can make your own small adjustments to come up with your own perfect loaf. A great addition to any kitchen.
Good product, coating doesn't fade or peel. Forks are big but not too big, spoons and knifes average size. Our set had 11 spoons and 13 forks, oops!
A bit thin, but still usable.
i love the lids. they work well most of the time. occasionally one comes out harder then the rest.
Bowl quality is okay. Company is amazing. I had a broken bowl and they were more than helpful with replacement.
Smaller than I expected but still pretty good
Pretty neat sharpener. Small enough to tuck away for storage, and easy to use. Not my favorite way to sharpen, but it certainly works well.
i like this product...just put you coffee in pods and you're all set for a nice cuppa. really convenient. just as a hint, you can take regular filters and fashion your own pods. will save you money. you can do a bunch at once.
Great grinder, fast and powerful and comes all needed accessories
I love this set...however I am a bit saddened. I've had the set for about 3-4 months, and 2 pieces have stained from pasta sauce. The ugly orange has appeared...makes me sad whenever I look at them. Aside for the staining....its a great quality set
First time I glass ordered something that didn't arrive in pieces. I was very very pleased. Everything works great as advised but the whistle is weird. It sounded like a bird in distress. But other than that, no complaints.
It serves its purpose
I really like these. Took a few sessions to get used to the feel, but they're great. BUT, if you are worried about the gold harp, wash them by hand...our dishwasher has removed them. I don't care...they still say Guinness, and key is they still hold it for me to drink.
I got a great deal on these from Amazon, and they will work for what I want (stirring drinks in tall glasses), but they are not something I would recommend for anyone looking for a quality spoon to use for guests, or other nice situations. They are lighter weight, and I have the feeling they would bend very easily, so they are not suitable for ice cream, unless it's melted! They look cheap, feel cheap, but, for hanging out in the summer and stirring drinks, they will work fine.
Quality is good. Easy to clean. But not sure about nonstick. I am using oil, and was hopping it will be working as described.
This cleaner is more than enough to clean our housewares. A small amount can clean an item or a wide surface. It is also effective in cleaning my medals and trophies. All displayed items and silverware are already cleaned using this product. It does a good job making them shine like new again. I also noticed that all cleaned items don't collect dust as much as before.
I like the fact that these are mad of cotton. What I was disappointed in was that the large ones hold only about 5-6 pairs of socks. So it takes 3 bags to hold all of the socks. Plus it isn't big enough to hold a winter scarf, a washable purse, etc. Other than that, they are great. (Keep in mind that they do shrink.)
I'll probably never use all these bars. I haven't used other bars, but I found these to work great.
really pretty bag, definitely reusable. Was looking for a big gift bag and thought this would turn out a bit bigger than it did. Using it anyways
I really like these ceramic coffee drippers. I already have the larger #4 flat filter size, which has developed a crack over the years, and was trying to replace it, but seems they are only making this smaller size now. My new coffee dripper has an imperfection of a black spot near the drip holes. It looks like the glaze did not fully cover it during the firing of the cup. I imagine it will work fine anyway, but I hope that in time I won't get some kind of clay residue dissolving from contact with boiling water. This should have been weeded out in a quality check.
Thought it would stand up straighter in its own. It's kind of hard to zipper because the sides are not super sturdy and pucker in. I have to turn it on its side to be able to zipper it Which is pretty annoying. Other than that, it is super cute and a quality product!
Personally I really like this product! It's easy to use and very portable... It came with an extra head plus a scrubbing head. The only issue with this product is how you have to dump out the water....
I love these aerators, but the white wine aerator did not have a pouch with it, even though it was described as coming with a pouch.
Like the portion sizes. The cap on the smallest container fell off while I was biking. The others work well.
Was really happy and excited to get these in the ma for the holidays. I was a little surprised that I got pink ones. I was under the impression that they were blue. Anyhow I am glad these came in just in time for the holidays as I tend to have plenty of leftovers. You get a lot of them for the price.
Hot stays hot cold stays cold.
so cheap but cute and worth the price
This is a little hard to clean & maybe not what I thought it was for.. maybe only for simply watery sauces?
Love it! Just wish it came with reusable basket vs having to use coffee filters. Had one from our last maker so we just kept that one to use.
Solid, appear well-made, good variety of holes for salt & pepper pouring.
Does it's job. Not to durable.
Perfect size for carrying my multiple Tupperware containers every day for my 10-12 hour shifts. I received this item quickly, but I haven't used it yet because I've been trying to air it out. When I unboxed it, it had an overwhelming odor of dead fish :(
Seems to work fine. Having to calibrate it more than I'd like.
no instructions on how to use it. have used it yet.
Great serrated edge cuts through stake like a champ. Very slick looking and a great value.
Product is good. My daughter liked the cute shapes. But the plastic animal shapes are not good quality. Color is coming out. So not recommended to put in kids lunch box. But cutters are nice, easy to use. I liked them. Overall a good product but the plastic animal shapes are a strict no.
It is a quality spice holder, I just have two issues with it. 1) some of the lids don't screw on nicely and 2) it doesn't hold all of what is in a standard size spice container that is bought from the store so I have to fill it up as much as I can and save the rest which somewhat defeats the purpose of having this. I do like how big the holes are for shaking in spices so for my spices that have seeds and such, it can all come out. It is easy to clean and nice looking
I bought these plates because I liked the way they looked. They are good enough for a single use but do not hold up too well with multiple uses. Once they are put in the microwave they start to crack quite easily.
This was the second order because we loved the first ones so much but one must have had a hole and liquid seeps between the double wall. What I love about them is they feel like glass and drinks don't sweat in the Arizona heat. They keep drinks and ice longer.
Everything else is great, though, the silicone glove grips should cover more of the hand due to steam.
I ordered these so i could apply vinyl on it and give as a gift! Which were a big hit! I did was them before hand and used the cleaner for the straw which was nice to have!
this is a great product, i swapped it out from our detergent without telling my husband and he never knew i was using this to wash our clothes, i love love love this. the only downside is when i washed our dog beds it still had some dog odor, so i recommend using regular detergent for heavy duty items
My wife loves it. I could care less. Haha. Better quality than the plastic covers at Walmart. Magnets could be stronger. However there is not alot of metal in the top of my Microwave.
Good product overall.
Does exactly what I wanted it to.
Darker than pictured, which was disappointing as I bought this color to match my Rachel Ray cooking set. Great Price and quality however, so meh oh well.
We've made several meals and this basic unit does the job nicely
Lids fit well, the plastic cup is a little flimsy but still does the job.
Item served it's purpose and good price for the quantity. I don't think I would describe these as heavy duty.
Three out the four I ordered were really cute, value for money but one of them had a broken package. So the 4 stars
Solid product. Issues are that it reverts to clock too quickly and when a time is up it doesn't automatically reset to original time when stopped.
Nice. But thought it would be a little better made.
So far so good other than the cleaning. Boils my milk pretty fast
Simple, low profile and inexpensive. Holds more knives than you'd expect. Only thing I'd say is since it's made of plastic. Use screws with larger heads than the ones provided. Otherwise it seems flimsy on the wall
Came on time, nicely packaged, everything in there as advertised. Happy with my purchase
Well its good but the only problem is that after 3 months one of the eyes is not working. This is the second time i buy. I think this is not made for long - intense use
Gave this to our daughter in law as a wedding gift. Hope it serves her needs well.
Knife looks good, feels right in your hand and holds an edge very well. This has quickly become my favourite. A handy addition to any kitchen
Purchased it for my now ex for his bday about a month ago. He loved it when he saw it. Always said it was good and helped him meal prep. Hope he's still using it.
Everything about them is lovely and wonderful save for the storage. GREAT price for a two jars and the rack. (Need to find a single rack so I can use them individually. Would have been an easy up-sell if it was a suggested purchase with the set.) The box they come in was cheap and the Styrofoam was falling apart and clinging to EVERYTHING, so I threw it out. Still on the hunt for the best way to store them. (They are currently wrapped in newspaper and in a too large storage bin, but I thought that better than a too small bin.)
This is a great value set for people who wants to learn making cake.
But its a bit heavy for a toddler
Small & Sweet fresh grinded coffee maker. Easy to use and easy to clean, have homemade fresh grinded coffee whenever you want. If the built-in grinder be more powerful, then it will get 5 stars. I grinded the whole bean coffee twice when I made stronger coffee like espresso.
Easy to use and makes eating fresh pineapple more pleasurable.
I have only had a chance to cook on it once but the hamburgers cooked up nicely. They had the grill marks like an outdoor grill and there wasn't any smoke. The grill washed up nicely.
I expected this to be metal but it was just flimsy plastic...still perfect for what I want it for.....just don't expect heavy duty.
The first machine, I had to returned because it did not cook properly the bread. After the second unit, I have to say that this bread maker is an excellent machine but you need to understand that the Instructions are horrible. Perhaps the type of ingredients are the issue . If you use the recipes given in the book you will return the machine. If you begin using the different settings you will waste your ingredients and your time. I did realize that after many trials. Just use the simple setting the regular white bread by default select loaf size 2 lb loaf and dark or whatever term you want in your bread and voila! Great bread in 3 hr 25 min. I add the Quinoa, raisins, walnuts when the machine requires to add them, after 30 min or so, let the machine do its cycle and remove the blade at the last 1 hr 25 min perfect 2 lb loaf bread. It only takes me less than 5 min to set it up with all ingredients and up and running. They key for the perfect bread is the water cups which are not properly given in the manual instruction. Perhaps the ingredients are not the same used by the person that wrote the booklet. For me at this point and one up to two breads per week, which means many loafs after a year or so.
Tools look great and feel sturdy. The melon baller did a good job and easy to use. The watermelon slicer Is a bit more difficult but I am working on it.the zig zag pointy tool is a lot of fun to use. I am enjoying using them and my presentations of the fruit look good.
Works well and is exactly as described. Easy to use, difficult to clean. Arrived on time and without incident.
like these they are very slim to keep my meals cool I have to use all 4 of them as they seem to thaw out pretty quickly.
Pretty cool. Looks better than the black burners on my stove. A little flimsy but I like the look.if more sturdy would rate a 5 star
These are so awesome. Cannot wait to use them.
Husband really love it
Very good Requires minimum effort . Used only once but I'm pleased with my purchase
I am a new beginner when it comes to baking so it's a big help since it helping me a lot on sizes. It is easy to use and it's not slippery too.Recommended for those who loves baking
I would have given it five stars but I bought it to store a 15lb bag of dog food and it doesn't fit the whole bag.
A bit larger than I expected but it gets the job done.
Watch out for the (4) little black rubber cleats that it sits on so it doesn't move. They fall out very easily as one seem to vanish.... Will see how it's doing after a year.
I gave it to a friend, it was not tall enough for me.
We purchased this for our small office. While it was very easy to install, it had issues with ceasing up. We made a minor tweak to it to see if the dispensing of water to the machine helped alleviate the issue. Jury is still out if we love or hate it.
Substantially thicker and heavier than most mugs I have encountered, and will take some getting used to. But overall, good quality and seems like it will be very durable.
Little too big for the box of popsicles but it will still work the others we already have are only 1.5” or so
Stopper could fit just a little bit tighter. Otherwise, it works exactly as advertised. I definitely use the included funnel for refilling, it's ver useful.
Well made. Needs slightly better insulation.
Great for cooking, durable, easy to clean, well worth the money.
Best shaker bottle, highly recommend then the rest
Fast shipping. Some product was missing so I messaged the seller and they fixed it promptly with no hassle. Would purchase again.
Sometimes they feel a bit loose but for the most part they are great. I dont make traditional types of Popsicle so that may have something to do with it.
it works and is easy to use
I like this product as the chain for cleaning my iron skillets, but the sponge turns black after use so I just use a better brand sponge or none at all. Does the job
These items function as advertised. The mesh is tight enough to trap a large proportion of the grease spatter. As for cleaning, they have survived at least 10 trips through the dishwasher so far. I'm not sure how durable they will turn out to be; but the price is right. I suspect they would last longer if one were to wash them in the sink.
It is beautiful but it slide off the table a lot.
Works pretty well but not always
Definitely needs some work, this is a good product and helps me out
Is a fun frame, but is not very sturdy. It does served the purpose , but you need to be very careful it bends easily.
Just okay scratches fairly easy
Works well, not too expensive. When you press the cheese, you have to be careful to make sure that the disk continues to push down flat on the cheese and does not go lop-sided at a diagonal and go out of place, but you can easily see through the holes and loosen the press and re-press if you see this happening. You will need a cheese cloth to go with the press, which is not sold with the press. You can remove a lot of moisture from the cheese with this press. I used this for pressing soft cheese made from 2 gallons of regular temperature pasteurized whole milk curdled with lemon juice. In order to press this much cheese, I filled it up completely once, but it wouldn't hold all the curds in the first press, then pressed out the liquid, then unscrewed the press, and put in the rest of the cheese. In this way, it could press the amount of curds that comes from two gallons. The total volume inside the container is about 7 cups, bur remember you have to press the cheese down so your total at the end will be less than 7 cups. I'd say I pressed 2 gallons worth of cheese down to about 4-5 cups of cheese in the end.
This was a gift to a friend who had an old coffee maker. She loves it. Twice as fast, coffee tastes great. Easy to use
We're enjoying the new coffee maker at the office! Much faster than the 15yr old model we had before!
Lasted for about 6 months and then started to tear out
I really only needed the 10" for a recipe but decided to get this set so I'd have all the common sizes covered. When assembled properly (ahem!) they are indeed leakproof and are easy to clean afterwards.
Have not put the product in full use yet; but I give the manufacturer the benefits of the doubt that the bags and the pump work as described in the product description.
Larger than I expected. Very good quality.
I bought this for my sister as a gift however I also have one. It's a great pan and worth the $. I have had trouble cooking certain things on it but probably my lack of knowledge. Also only use brush to clean it and water, then season with oil after.
Love the bag, if I had just one complaint it would be the spot they place the strap hooks, makes it difficult to use the side pockets. But it's a nice sturdy bag.
This package is great for the price. It was easy to fill and hang!
Shorter than most mills so doesn't fall over. Least courseness adjustment seems to loosen with use creating bigger pieces than desired
The customer service was not the best! Outside of that these work great!! Great product and fun recipes.
Thought that it was larger. I didnt do my math to make sure.
I really like this product
Good toaster, like every other toaster that I have own, sucks to clean. Hold over sink and shake it. besides cleaning, it works great.
Wish they lasted longer. Takes several to get my bourbon cold, and doesn't quite keep the temp where I would hope. I think there are just limitations to how cold they can achieve with these.
Very satisfied with the product but didnt realize they were different sizes
This is a nice glass! I gave as a gift and they were very happy! Definitely worth the purchase!
Very awesome, but I wish if it has Measure
Seems to work great if produce is dry
I've been using this coffee maker for about 4 months now. Pros: - Coffee stays hot for hours after being brewed - Quality of brew is exceptional Cons: - The water reservoir tends to get a moldy smell over time as a result of moisture post-brew. As a result, I open the lid after brewing, but they should really look into venting the lid to prevent this
The concept is perfect, but one flaw! Wish the the spatula and spoon scoop are just a bit narrower. Neither end fits into the neck of a salad dressing bottle or small olive jar. Too bad, would be a ton more useful!
These filters are simply replacements for filters I used before. It's hard to "love" a filter!
The cutlery is beautiful, but is a little too long and could be lighter. For travel cutlery, I found it a little heavy.
I got this lunch box for my 5 year old daughter and she is love with it. She loved the color and the shape. She generally eats hotdog buns so the shape of this lunch box was perfect for her. I like the the spoon and the fork as well. You can divide the top lunch box in two so I think it is very useful. I generally put fruits and veggies on top. The only negative thing about this lunch box is when I received my packet I realized there was a very small crack (picture is attached) on the top part of the lunch box. I could request a new one but I do not think it would cause any problems and it is hard to see it. So overall we are happy with our cute lunch box.
This is an overall great buy if you are looking for a carry mug for your hot or cold beverages. The elegant stainless steel design is combined with an excellent build quality which feels premium and is very sturdy. My hot or iced coffee which I bring on the go stays at the right temperature easily for 4-5 hours, however I have also used other carry mugs which can offer insulation for up to 6-7 hours. Moreover, the narrow and tall design does provide a good grip but a textured grip would have been more effective to prevent any accidental drops.
We like it a lot so far. We had difficulty with the first filter/ pitcher attachment (water leaked out of top of filter/ thread), and the company sent us a free replacement pitcher and filter. It seems to be working well. Great that it's a U.S. company and made in USA and they send pre-paid return labels to recycle used filters.
Although this pitter is only good for one cherry at a time, the size of the cherry doesn't matter. I did not use the slide but rather placed the cherry so that the plunger would most likely go through to the pit. It worked most but not all of the time.
Even though I've only had this machine for two days and made one loaf so far, I have no hesitation in posting a review early on. I've been making my own bread for over 50 years, and have had the original Zojirushi bread machine for over 20 years. When it died a week ago I researched carefully before I chose the Virtuoso Plus. Make no mistake, it's expensive and big and heavy (I needed help from my son to get it into my house and set up). However, once set up it was a breeze to use, and the finished product - a basic white bread - turned out to be possibly the absolute best loaf of bread I've ever made, including when compared to hand-kneaded, oven-baked loaves. The double blades do a superior job of kneading the dough, and the additional top heating element result in a superior finished product. Really an exceptional loaf of bread. Also, this machine is very versatile, beyond baking bread. There are a number of websites that describe a range of oven-type foods that can be baked in bread machines, and with the additional top heating element, the possibilities are expanded. So happy I chose this machine! I took one star off my rating because the display is more challenging than it needs to be, with no back-lighting (I have to use a flashlight to read it), and being located on the top of the unit rather than on the front, as it was on my old Zo. That's especially annoying if you're short, like me. In fact I had to disqualify most of the other machines on the market because they didn't even have a slanted display but only had a display located squarely on the top. At least the Zo Virtuoso Plus has a slightly slanted display, so I don't have to stand on anything to program the settings. What are manufacturers thinking? Do they think most users are giants? Clearly, they don't think at all!
received 2 coffee cups and 1 bowl broken.
Heats up fast. Vibration actually does something. The band is comfortable, can be worm on bare skin and stays on. Controls should be upside down (facing user). Battery falls out every time i get up or squat down to pick something up. This is a huge minus for me. Seems like an easy fix.
Was as expected for the money.
Fits my Granite Ware Covered roaster perfectly & it was easy to clean. I would have liked it to have been a bit higher, like 1/4" so that the item on the rack is higher out of the drippings/liquids.
Work but drink quickly as the grounds just sit there. Last sips if you are leisurely drinking are harsh
This is my first scale. So far so good. Have gotten accurate measurements everytime I double check my weights. It was super easy to figure out without reading the instructions. I had problems with it 1 night after my husband cleaned it, It wouldn't weigh in grams. I didn't pull the scale out of it's box for about 2 weeks after delivery and I was surprised to find that when I pulled out the battery tab, it read only half way charged. Very displeased with this. Will have to purchase a battery so soon after purchasing. Can't beat this price.
These bottles are great! However I ordered Blue, Black, and Red; but received Light Blue, Pink and Black...
The rug is very soft and a nice shade of gray. The only thing I'm not sure about is the backing which seems a little thin, not sure it is leather which I was hoping it would be . I will be using it on a leather chair.
So far, so good. These are heavy. Not the cheap thin stuff. Time will tell if the finish holds up but it seems unlikely to fail.
I love these pots and pans! Bad thing is I got them today and opened to find that the big pot is bent and damaged.
My favorite peeler got lost, probably went out with the peels. This one is pretty good. I think I can get used to it. Peels nicely and quickly.
Great tool, just not sure it's strong enough.
Seriously roomy, great little fridge. Sides get REALLY hot though so that made me nervous putting it into the space I was going to put it in my RV. Also, freezer area ices up so I'm going to have to unplug it and wait for it to defrost...annoying. Looks great too. Overall, VERY satisfied!
I love this pitcher and I use it multiple times a day. Giving it 4 stars only because the filter indicator stopped working after a couple of weeks.
Good retrofit in the light can. Bright and dimmable.
Not for every day use. Possibly of catching on objects causing runs. But beautiful and easy to put on and take off.
Size works great and it's built well. Only issue is even with multiple ice packs food doesn't stay cool very long.
It looks lovely, just the look I wanted, but you should know it is HUGE. It could hold about four sticks of butter. I'd really like the exact same thing in a smaller size.
I bought this bowl to use as a possible shaving soap mug and guess what. It works. The wood finish is nice. It's the perfect size to hold a standard shaving soap puck. Lightweight but seems well made. Wish it had a lid. The real test is whether the dish will hold up well given that I get it soaking wet every other day. Time will tell. In the mean time, I'm satisfied with this bowl considering it's reasonable price and the fact that it's handmade.
This was a gift, but I know these replacement parts are much appreciated when we didn't need the whole NutriBullet set.
This is a nice measuring cup, but only gave it 4 stars due to the fact the handle feels flimsy and may break off eventually.
Work well for what I wanted them for. Sturdier than I had expected for the price.
Still has accumulation in grinding chamber and has to be thumped to get remainder of ground coffee at end of grinding.
So far so good. This blender works really well. It's super strong. I tried making smoothies, soups, dips with total success. I've been using it every day (sometimes twice a day) for a month and it had no issues. The reason why I put 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the noise it makes. Pretty loud!
Hard to see the water level in the black pot.
Originally purchased for my kid to bring to school. We have a large Time Timer at home that works great. This one provides the visual time, is easy for my kiddo to set, has a magnetic back, and is a good price. Unfortunately, it ticks really loud... too loud for classroom use... So we have another at home timer. Otherwise it is great.
Packaging was a little bent, but fortunately there was no damage to the board. Cutting board looks amazing! My only gripe is that it does not come with an easel as shown in the picture. This is a Christmas gift for my mom and I purchased it for her to display as I'm pretty sure she won't use it to cut things on. So yeah, the lack of an easel is really disappointing. Otherwise, it's a great item.
Does what it is suppose.
For the most part these look really cool and are easy to put out. They are pretty realistic and pretty good quality. The only issue I have is that a few don't stick very well. I used on my floors and windows for Halloween decorations. I would buy them again.
Excellent fit and finish. Performs as expected. Would definitely recommend this product especially for the price.
A bit larger than I anticipated but love it. Could collapse a bit easier to put away, for someone with problem hands. Otherwise great
Great replacement for the knob that came with our original. Fits on both our large and medium pots. Primary reason we got it was for baking at high temps and it does the job. Material doesn't feel that premium but it works.
First off I wanted to say I have not yet used this product BUT, everything came as it said . It looks great , I like the mat it comes with for dough sizes, I have washed it so it's ready to use. I will update after I use it. Can't wait though. Making lots of Christmas goodies!!
Bought these for an upcoming outdoor wedding to give it a little flare. Quality is pretty good (2 or 3 cups were broken on arrival, at the top) but for the money, we just ordered extra in case!
This sous vide cooker is good for perfect cooking of the fish, chicken or any meat you would eat. I also used this for tempering chocolate, melting butter, for making tofu etc, all of the items came out well. Not only for people who eat meat but also for other non meat uses. Comes with the nice clamp to attach to the pot. If you have a deep pot and this is perfect, not suitable for small pots. Gets and maintains the temperature to that level consistently which makes the cooking even and food cooks perfectly. I ordered this with US plug, will buy one for my mom in europe as they also have eu plug
Seems like it will mount anywhere in the kitchen that is desired. I placed this under the sink by attaching it to one of the doors. It's a pretty convenient way to hide the towel roll but keep it super convenient. Before it arrived I didn't realize it would make loud clicking sounds when unrolling and the resistance on that ratchet mechanism is not quite enough for our towels to break at the perforations.
Works well for brats or hot dogs, but it would be nice to have one flat side for when they stick to the grill.
Very handy for small mixing jobs.
Works great. I haven't had any problems with it yet.
Apron works well but this is the second one I've purchased because all the buttons fall out so easily.
Not as fine or a front edge as I would have liked. But works good
Prefect for a party! Colors make it easy for people to identify drink
It's a great pan. I really like the handles. What I couldn't tell from the description was how many cups it holds so it's a bit smaller than I would have liked. Otherwise, it works fine. Cake came right out.
Saves me a good 30 minutes cutting potatoes by hand. Very happy with the time savings. I was expecting that the whole potato could fit inside though. The device is not big enough, so I have to quarter my potatoes before cutting. The packaging makes it look like the whole potato fits though,
I had to return this one although it was pretty neat it was small for my daughters lunch as she stays longer at school than most children
Now my kid can have freezer pops.
I really love them and easy to use
I like this product very much and it works well.
It does the job, be honest with yourself. You're not paying a lot for this and it does Zoodles and a whole bunch other things. It is worth the money but it does sound cheap and there are a few nooks and crannies you need a brush to clean it with.
I love the size and the fact that it comes with a straw. The only thing is the lid started to tarnish a little. Turning orange from the water/metal
Just the size I wanted. Big enough to pack breakfast and lunch. I usually keep it in the fridge at work so I really can't tell how it well it will function without refrigerator
Great look, easy to handle.
More for looks than functionality. My husband loved it.
ALl good for what it is intended to be used for.
good clips just decided they were too expensive so we sent them back.
Nice color, not as rich as I would like, but nice. Good price too. Only real flaw is you can see where they broke them off the mold.
Perfect for grill cheese sandwiches!
It's a handy little aerator. It takes longer to pour than when I used the aerators that are not attached to the bottle but this works well. Something to consider if you have a heavy hand but not a deal breaker for me.
like them, they are not the just conventional. Only thing is that the glass is pretty thick - so they do not come in an elegant way.
Being able to make snow-cones at home is priceless! This machine works well and the price is right. The ice shavings are not as fine as I would hope but they get the job done. Keeping the ice as cold as possible before shaving is important.
I've never really been a fan of the microwave popcorn found on store shelves. So, I've always popped my own. In my humble opinion, the best tasting popcorn is produced by cooking it in a pot on the stove with oil. Well, I'm getting older and sometimes I don't feel like taking out a pot, etc. For this reason, I'm happy to report that this little gadget takes most of the work out of making a perfect, fluffy bowl of crunchy goodness. All you need to do is melt your butter and add seasoning. I've left a star off for the fact that today I filled it to the top line, but found a lot of uncooked kernels at the bottom. So, it's probably better to fill it no higher than the lower line.
This is not glass. Therefore it doesn't clean like glass and remain clean and clear. I washed mine in hot water, several times, and now has a faded type look to it. Doesn't bother me much, but may bother others. Still can read everything on the separator thought.
It is sharp and heavy duty. I would have to use it for a while to see if this is rust proof. Will update.
The frother does a good enough job, but I was expecting a bit heavier froth. I was disappointed that when I tried to activate the registration, it was not found. I used both the scan QR code that came with it, and going to the website, but the product was not to be found. So I can't register for the warranty or customer support.
Not bulky to store, easy to wash off, and I find them convenient to grab and use then transfer ingredients to the pot or bowl. I can chop up about 2 whole peppers or a large onion and have room for all of it on the mat. Cut marks appeared immediately on the mat, but I haven't cut through it. I wouldn't whack the mat with a sharp knife, or chop like a Ginsu master, but I'm confident rocking my sharp chopping knife back and forth or chopping through a watermelon. I keep 2 in rotation & store them stacked vertically & put the extra one under my silverware tray in the drawer until I need it. They will wear down & probably crack eventually, but I will repurchase as long as the price point remains low. I paid five bucks for three.
But the price was very high. I am glad it is exactly what I wanted or would be upset.
Great product use it at work
Received unbroken, well packed to prevent shipping breakage. large enough to make two quart sized mason jars fermented vegetables. The water seal rim is nice, but needs to be tended (water topped off) each morning. I would recommend it to friends who are interested in homemade fermented food. (FYI - fermented green beans are the bomb)
Good variety fits well in my 5.8 quart Air Fryer. My only problem is there were no instructions on how to use some of the items. I have no clue what to do with them.
Works well to make quick meatballs to fry up
Full disclosure: I haven't tried the grinder for anything but use in a drip coffee maker so I don't have experience with it trying different grinds. And this is my first non-electric grinder so my perceptions are colored by those things. The grinder seems well-made. All the parts fit well together and the design appears to have been well thought out. The ceramic conical grinder is sharp and grinds very efficiently. It does take longer to grind enough coffee beans for my morning coffee than I thought it would. I'm usually making 1/2 liter of coffee and it's taking me 4-5 minutes of grinding to produce enough ground coffee. In order to save time in the morning when I have to be out the door and on my way to work early I grind the beans the night before rather than just before i brew the coffee, which was my pattern with my old electric grinder. Grinding enough beans for several people to have coffee would be a chore. When i first got the grinder I followed the directions to take everything apart so I'd know how it was put together. It's a bit of a process to get it all apart and you lose your grind setting when you do take it apart. One minor frustration is that there's no indicator to show how fine the grind is set for. Even if it's arbitrary, if I know I want it set for, say, a "5" then after I take it apart to clean everything I could reset it for a "5". As it is, the closest I can come to that is to tighten the screw down as much as possible for the finest grind possible then count clicks back to the spot I want. That isn't as convenient as having a number to which I can refer. It would also be nice to have it be easier to access the burr to clean it. Having to disassemble the entire unit means I don't bother taking it all apart and keeping everything as clean as I'd like. I'm used to quick and easy accessibility with my electric grinder for cleaning. It's a good, well-made grinder that does the job. There are things I'd like to see that would make it easier to live with but, overall, I'm happy with it.
I really like this pan. Perfect size, lid is tight. Only problem I have is no matter how tight I screw in the handles, they tend to come loose.
Great for storing pantry items because you can see what's in them! Perfectly clear plastic, quite strong.
Quieter than other kettles we've owned, and slightly faster. The adjustable temp setting is a very nice feature we regularly use.
Great product with fast delivery!
Quite heavy, but durable and very happy with these
Awesome set! Easy to clean. Just wish they all had lids.
I really like this product
She was in need of a new one and this one fit her needs. So far so good.
Good product..... Wish it was little bigger
Very nice simple timer. Basic but nice and loud
Cute mug, got it for my sister. She loved it
love all the settings, this is the second one I purchased because the first one, and this one, fell off the microwave onto counter because the magnet adhesive came off. The first one fell into some food and I washed it which made it not work. This one also had the adhesive come off and I just super glued it , but I like the settings.
Good quality , all three fit into each other making storage easy , hangs on the wall above my stove perfect . Easy clean up . Use it as a strainer and good with frying .
I saw where people said it was small but I didn't look at a ruler. Its small but effective, I may purchase a bigger one but this one is beautiful and has the little bottom that catches pieces. Its great for little things but could become a pain if you are an avid pepper user.
Didn't work great, but does the trick.
Sturdy, easy to use, good selection of shapes. Cut my finger twice when I washed them. Hard to clean, especially between the ridges.
Really like it, I like the look, I'm given it 4 stars because there were a few scratches on the edges, it did not cover my complete stovetop, I'm not sure if it can take heat, I've never but anything hot on it, I will order another one.
It presses the water out well but it changes the texture of the tofu and that take some getting used to.
It does the job.... teas now have a home. Plus I'm sure someone can find other uses for it
I bought this party set for my mom's 60th birthday party. Everything came in perfect condition, separately wrapped. We didn't have a use for the Pom Pom decorations so I cannot review that part of the package, but everything else was of great use. I especially liked the time the seller took to email me asking how the product was. Most sellers don't do this. Most importantly, my mom LOVED everything! Thank you!
It's pan is good and but not that big.
The silverware have a nice weight to them and they look good. I was a good buy. The display part came apart in delivery but it didn't mess up the silverware. All and All good buy
Have not had any rusting issues with product I have had it for awhile now. My only issue is cleaning it is very hard to get into the grates to clean it.
Its a great paper towel holder, Sometimes the screw comes undone but you just have to re-tighten it.
Good but may have problems screwing cap on threading good for price
I was looking for individual cupcake holders for BIG cupcakes and these aren't it. They will hold a regular size cupcake just fine and they are great for that. They close easily and stay secured which is good. I will use these for our bake sale, and continue to look for a container for BIG cupcakes and muffins.
Quality is great but having a hard time finding a candle that fits snuggly to keep the candle from falling over. :(
Good product, no issues
These are great from e liquid, the only drawback is the difficulty in removing the tip for refilling. And they aren't soft squeeze. Butt they definitely get the job done.
My fiancé and I are getting married soon and I wanted to have his and hers cups. These are so nice and he loves them. They are very sturdy. And hold a great amount of coffee.
Purchased these for a special project. They worked well and did the job. Good hardware for the money. Repurchased another set for a second project
Would have gave this a 5 star rating too, however the outside edges where not clean up when making this bunt pan. If the edges where smooth like the rest of it, I would haven given 5 stars over everything.
Worked great to decorate my office for Easter.
Works for what I need it for. Thought I could have more than one thing monitored at a time since it had an extra meat probe but it will only do the grill temp and one cooking item at a time.
I ordered this tier to use in photos and it definitely was exactly what I was looking for! It was tedious to put together but you can't beat the price!
these work well. The alarm was a little loud for my taste. I use them to time psychological tests and I don's want to startle the client. I put tape over the little hole where the sound comes out and now they are nice and quiet.
I have ordered these twice for friends that moved away from Michigan but neede a little home. they are very large. probably size of my hand. but they are well made and super cute.
This is the modern version of a blender we used to have when I was a kid. I love the simplicity of the controls and the glass jar. I love that I can use my old Oster blender's accessories that were still good. Things I don't love: It's a teeny bit taller than my old Oster blender and the assembled unit does not fit under my cabinets on my kitchen counter! Also, obvs a blender is a loud unit, but it's true, it's *significantly* louder than my old Oster. I didn't find this to be an issue -- but if you like making smoothies when your roommate is sleeping, there are definitely quieter units out there.
Works well for grinding coffee.
I'm not very handy around the house but managed to put this together by myself. One small section was bent but easily adjusted. The rubber feet are easily adjustable to help balance. Sending an email begging for a review the day before I even receive the product is a bit annoying. Email received Monday, item received Tuesday at 8pm, put rack together Wednesday afternoon, writing the review Thursday morning though I haven't really had a chance to use it fully. I have it full of jugs but haven't been able to see how easy it is to switch out under normal circumstances & if it holds up well.
This pot is on point. Very good. No sticking.very easy to clean and cooks perfectly fine
Works well! I tested this with strawberries, and it definitely kept them fresher than if they were in the package. But they still went moldy within the week. I was hoping for a bit longer, but I will continue to use it and see how it does with other fruit!
It does not keep your coffee hot. So if that is why you want it, look somewhere else. But if you want a beautiful cup, without a plastic lid, and you are sloppy and spill coffee everywhere (like me....it's an age thing), this one is very nice.
The spoons are little bigger than what I expected. Other than that they are very good.
Haven't been able to get handle on lid-hole is off center. Hole is lined up incorrectly. My Rival skillet lid fit the pan, but not same curve so can't steam foods etc. VERY disappointed, pan DOES HEAT MORE EVENLY THAN PREVIOS OTHER BRAND ELECTRIC SKILLET.
Was what I expected and useful
I love the whole line of Blue Q bags. The ones with the zippers are great for rainy weather. I get lots of complements on them all. Especially the peacocks. I like that the ones with handles stand up on their own. I have 3 bags (one large zippered, one large open, one small and two zippered pouches.) I love them all.
Little bit of a learning curve but overall great coffee. I'd like it to be able to make stronger espresso but it's better than pods.
This corkscrew is great! It's sturdy, beautiful in design and great size. It has the foil cutter and can open bottles of any kind. It's sturdy but also on the heavy side which is the reason for the 4 stars over 5. Throw it in a gift basket with some wine or speciality beer or hard cider and it's great for anyone!
A little bit hard to get used to. Frosting has to be the exact right consistency or it really wont work. But when you finally get the hang of it. they turn out nice.
I like the tight seal and that I can see if need to buy more at a glance!
My smokeless indoor barbecue grill is great for quick meals. I've used it to cook chicken and vegetables, both were nice and tender. The drip pan catches the fat and helps keep the kitchen smoke free. I also added wine to the drip pan along with water for extra flavor to my food. This grill is easy to use and I'm looking forward to cooking more meals on it. The instructions are written on the inside of the box, so make sure you don't throw it away.
Produces a great, consistent and very adjustable grind. I've used it for coarse cold brew and fine ground coffee for my AeroPress. Works smoothly and relatively quietly. There can be some static charge that makes things more messy unless you give it time to dissipate. Build quality seems good, the stainless steel very feels very sturdy and looks great.
Crock pot is good but the package was damaged and a dent was in the side when it arrived
Good cutting boards, but the non-slip was pretty hard. It does slip.
4 stars because both reusable storage cases were broken. After washing them, I put them in a plastic freezer bag lying flat. They did take 2 days to freeze but now are freezing up within hours.I am using them in a lidded thermal mug for iced tea and they stay frozen and cold for hours. After use and washing, I put the unfrozen ones in a small freezer bag inside the larger freezer bag. One had a hole and leaked. Tested each as they were used and the other 39 are Fine. Much better than buying a bag of Ice for $2.00 every few days.
I gave it 4 stars cause mine game with a screw loose and missing from the back but thankfully I found it in the box and was able to put it back in its place. The Microwave heats really well and we are very happy with our purchase. Easy clean up when you have a child make a mess with heating up spaghetti.
Broke within a few weeks if that long. Side handle just collapsed.
I received this as a gift from my daughter, it's truly adorable I also like that it stand up on it's one
Only thing I didn't like was sides weren't straight so when using to stack a cake not ideal. Otherwise work great
Very pretty and very good quality, looks exactly as in pictures and magnets strong.
Cute sign and bigger than I expected but as some reviewers mentioned, the sign came in a flimsy cardboard shipping box. During the shipment it creased the corners of the sign, hopefully they add packaging paper next time!
Very cute, love the design of these but didn't realize they were car sized. Bought for my living room thinking they were full sized. I was disappointed they were small but they're so cute I kept them anyway. I just have to put my drink perfectly on them
Have had one of these for years. Great for breakfast, thrown in one serving of sausages and after thatt one egg, easy. Got one for my friend, he was surprised at the wieght (iron skillet newbie) and said if there was a home invasion f*** the knife grab the pan.
This defrosting tray does not work as fast as I would like. but it definitely cuts defrost time down considerably.
Very nice color and easy to use
Goes great with my home decor
Works goods. The bottom part is able to hold like a small sliced ham not as big as I thought it would but works great when you want to cook 3 separate things
good quality product
Good quality but too small for the badge reel/badge holder I wanted them for.
Worked but I think overpriced for a rubber gasket and I'm annoyed you have to replace the part pretty often after spending hundreds on the actual rice cooker.
Is very easy to use as well. Had useful information included with it for high altitude canning as well which is just marvelous since I live a mile above sea level and canning can be tricky.
I use it primarily for tuna, and it strains the can exactly as it should. My only complaint though is that it's too small for a larger tuna can, so I have to improvise a little to use it. Wish it was offered in different sizes.
Simply like the simplicity of using this convenient fryer. The Best part is oil stays inside the fryer not all over the house making a mess. Recommend to anybody.
I'm a huge fan of French press and Star Wars. The picture looks a bit bigger than it it but it still holds about 2-3 cups of coffee. Wish it was dishwasher safe but totally worth it. Love my R2-D2
One ball arrived without the top. Made a makeshift one from wire. Worked OK. Looked bad. Otherwise balls were fine. Pretty.
The product is great and is exactly as described. Used to make Sushi rolls and they came out great.
This will make a great vacation purse. It has several pockets and I like that. Also like the how light it is.
Very slick surface and food just slides off.
Very handy in a party, will wash up for a second or third use, no dishwashers, turn into a mini cup. Would buy again, price point could be a little less for what you get.
works great, just wished the opening to insert the fruit was wider
Nice, heavy and flat........ Very rough, black bottom so I ground, polished and seasoned this and another I bought here.... Good price and with a few hours work, very nice cook surface, Restaurant quality... 4 stars for not being polished......
I found the large one bulky and awkward to handle (in pictures), however the smaller one I became a pro at. If I ordered another one I would only get the smaller size.
It looks nice and does the job it's supposed to, my only problem is that it is too small for us. I thought that with just two people in my household this would be plenty big for us, but I find that we actually fill it up everyday! So now I'm shopping for a larger bin :)
Was hoping they had a pocket, but they were good to use for our halloween costumes!
Too soon to judge ease of removal, as I've not used them yet. But they appear sturdy, attractive and the little brush and collapsible funnel promise to ease use. Fine for cost.
Keeps the mix off the edges well.
It is exactly what we wanted, for the few pounds of meat we want to grind up. Having said that I don't know how it would function if you used it for a large amount of meat
Was easy to put together. Very sturdy.
Very cute but sometimes gets stuck.
I love that this fits in multiple pots, it's American made, and it's super easy to clean. I just wish it had a coated handle. It gets very hot (as one would expect) but there isn't a great way to grab it. It's awkward to pick up with a big oven mitt but too hot not to.
I got a lot of compliments on how pretty they were
I am waiting for my sun room to be ready to use it daily for moisture. It did work fine when I tested it a few days and saved the box.
I was able to make some nice chicken sausage with this meat grinder. I used all natural ground chicken and it worked nicely. I was also successful using it for sweet peppers. The suction cup took some work before I got it to a place where it would stay. It seems to be very particular, but once in place I got the job done.
My boys love their lunch boxes, but I was not so impressed with the quality of the picture on the front, it's not very sharp looking.
My family loves soup. This ladle is great since it can separate out the solids from the liquid for the picky ones who only likes to drink the soup or those that enjoy the solids with the soup. It is stainless steel so easy to clean. The one negative about this ladle is that it is larger than expected and therefore hard to store in my kitchen supplies drawer.
Good looking exspensive napkin holder. Does what it's supposed to do.
good sturdy bottle but not dishwasher safe
Easy to hold and use to clean dishes. I like the quick dry feature. I only wish one side would have bern scrubbier to handle burnt on food.... overall I like them..
I love these, but the clip snapped off after the first use. I'm not sure if it was in the sink or dishwasher when it happened, but I was sorely disappointed to find that it wasn't as durable as I had hoped.
We got this set of attachments with the multi-functional stand mixer. We've tried all three attachments - the meat mincer and the food processor work great for us as they perform similar to previous standalone machines we used to own. The blender is weaker than the vitamix we own - but given the price we think this is still a very good deal! These are very easy to assemble and most parts can go into dishwasher. So very easy to clean afterwards. For a compact apartment like ours, having a multi-functional machine saves us lots of space.
I drink a lot of tea on the go so when I saw that they came out with this lid, I had to have it! And I love it! Still keeps my drink warm and there tea sealed inside, no leaks! I am taking one star of color the deep lip where the mouth is. Seems like a good idea but makes it a tad more awkward to drink from.
Exactly what I was looking for!
They were good gloves and the price was good.
This was so easy to use and clean. It's very light and makes me think it will not last very long. However, for the price, if it lasts a year or a little more I'll be happy.
My daughter loves her glass
I life the fact that it was available as a replacement
I had got this as a Christmas gift for a friend of mine and although the glasses were as they're pictured, I was a tad disappointed how they arrived (they came in a shipping box only, not in a product box and were dusty so I had to clean them before gifting them).
Good quality and price
This is a good quality bag , but a little small
The glasses are well made with a smooth lip. All were the same size - diameter and heights. They hold about 10 ounces. My package held 4 bright green glasses. I am pleased with that because I like the color. However, the advertisement shows 4 different color glasses. That is what I expected and would have preferred. The ad is misleading. The glasses are, however, lovely.
Air-tight, simple design. A bit awkward to get the butter out when cooking, or at the table, because it is double the depth of a European stick of butter. Overall, I like it. I'd buy it again.
Except for the noise I really like this ninja. Expect it to be loud.
Love to be able to see the time without moving or having to turn to look at clock
I liked not getting splashed with grease while cooking bacon.
Purchased as a gift for my mom, she says it's very easy to use but doesn't heat up as fast as she would like but over all she really likes it. She said her favorite thing to cook in there is chicken and it comes out really juicy. Which we all know is easy to dry out so that's a good thing.
all you need is stars if you want a review
Great product so far, only complaint is that wine is loud rubbing against grate while taking wine out. Very small complaint for a good product
They were as advertised worked perfect
Not that sparkly but it served the purpose.
THESE CARDS WERE A GREAT QUALITY WITH A BIT OF A STRONG PAPER AND YET THE LINES WERE WIDE ENOUGH TO RELAX WHEN WRITING THE RECIPE. THE PRICE WAS EVEN BETTER!!! DON'T PASS THESE CARDS UP. NO REGRETS!!
Very nice bowl. Came packaged very well. Id buy it again.
Purchased two. The juicer does the job. It is much easier and faster. It has where you can adjust the pulp level. It's slightly noisy but ok.
I love that this doesn't leak. My 3 year old daughter does have a hard time with holding down the button to drink. The lid is hard to clean. I know it's only for water but I have the need to scrub it out instead of just running it through hot soapy water.
Received well packaged and ready to whip my morning into shape! Only downside, therefore a 4 instead of a 5 star, is the cleaning; little tricky to avoid the mechanics. All and all, a good purchase.
It is really worthy for me
I chose this product because I wanted something looking elegant, and it was true to the photo. I ordered one set and then realized I needed more so I quickly reordered. The service was excellent. I can't wait to hear the comments on my elegant setting. Planning to reuse for other occasions.
nice. we use it for port wine.
Received the product, but it doesn't work, so returned.
My 13 year old Grandson likes the product.
They're magnets. They stick to metal. What can I say?
The earth is your friend. Reuseable bags saves money and prevents filling the landfills. These worked nice and stored fruit easily. The locking mechanism can be tighter but it works fine when having the bag stand up right.
The glasses are decent quality but 3 were broken. They were left on their side in the pouring rain with no plastic bag so the box was soggy and soft. Delivery person either needs training or a different job!
Easy to carry or clip on bag. Has measurements on bottle so you know how much water your consuming.
Little worried about plastic glasses, but these are a big step above plain old plastic. Look like glass but feel like heavy plastic. Not cheap, but who wants inferior product.
I love the ideal of stretchable lids. It goes well on pyrex glass boxes. Just make sure it is of perfect size. dishwasher safe. Do not leak but don't store liquid in container and then hope it to replace your lid. About the zip seal bags, they are ok not that great but fact that it is re-usable I have lot of use cases for organizing my fridge with them.
It works, but the slots are a bit wide and don't fit any of my cutters snugly so it isn't as consistent as I'd like. I have a blameless beveled and trimmer so I cannot day I've used that feature of this tool. Overall it works, but I will likely trade it out for a different solution in the future.
They seem to be durable and hold up well. They part is tricky for me is the where is the top fits on the bottom they don't seem to gel with each other too too well. There's some kind of special instructions you need to turn the top to the base? The tops and the bottoms do not move fluidly together.
Really cute mug. I would have given 5 stars if it were a bit bigger.
there's a safety button that must be held simultaneously to turning on blender. it's a pain ... unit starts and stops often whilst mixing. my other unit did not have this. so frustrating! takes twice as long to blend anything :(
Not rigid like you'd expect, but thoroughly adequate . Fully loaded, it sags just barely.
Works good for the price and size. It chops up most foods nicely. Keep in mind that it works with a manual pull string, so it might have a harder time processing the tougher veggies.
The OEM replacement was $45 thanks Shark! Mine broke at the base as liquid poured though the blender uggg. I did not expect much from from this product but when it arrived I was impressed with first use. Just to be safe I purchased two.
It was as described, cant wait to use it.
Good product for the price
I really loved it, my only real complaint is that I pack food for the whole day and I wish it was in a slightly bigger size. This is great for a medium to light lunch pack, but if you are looking to pack food for the whole day, you gotta find something elsewhere But its for a good cause, imma still use it. The ONLY reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because irs smaller then I was expecting! But very cute and durable!!!!
We bought this to use at our wedding it came out great, it was pretty on the tables and it was very durable and it was a great value for our money
Works good not as sharp as it should be I do like the fact you can take apart to clean
Seems sturdy, made of heavy gage wire , K-Cups are not heavy so this is more than adequate to hold them. Does not take too much space and rotates freely so it is easy to see all that you have.
These are easy to use and out off a nice warm glow without overheating. I used to use regular Christmas lights in my wine bottle crafts. This has been such a useful find.
These work well with my older Keurig model. Be sure not to overfill them or some grounds will leak out and get in your coffee. I measure 1 tablespoon of medium grounds (not fine) and it works fine. I prefer a certain brand of coffee that is rather expensive in pod form, so using these will save a lot of money over time. There are enough to bring a few to work as well for our workroom machine.
This item is working as expected so far; I am drying herbs without a problem. Hoping all will continue to work unlike the last dehydrator that I bought and returned. This review comes after only using it once is what I would like you to know though........
I really like this space saving toaster/toaster oven. Would like if the unit was an inch higher ... very low space when using the oven part. Would also like a timer for the oven. Finally figured out the "pop up" for the toaster ... tried the old fashioned way ... simply pushing up on the toaster lever... well that didn't work. Then I found the cancel button and that's actually pretty nice. On the whole, I love it.
Not rigid, so it didn't crush potato chips. I wash and dry and they hold up just fine
Best pump ever......
Product arrived well on time, well packed and looks and feels just like expected. the item is a gift for a family member so not be able to actually use it for sharpening but it is a solid construction and the grip is very good so am sure it will do the job well. (I am familiar with this type of sharpening tool so am judging by its construction and feel) Every kitchen should have an efficient knife sharpener - too many blunt knives being used !
I just wish it was machine washable, otherwise it is good.
Not sure yet not had it long enough
Good purchase for the price. I wish the temperature and the tray heights could be adjusted. It is very light but does the trick. Good size for me.
It does work for defrosting meat quicker.
Have had it for about 5 months now. We have super hard water, and we don't have any water full stations in town. Closest one being 30 mins away. Didnt want to drive away half an hour to fill them so bought this as zero water has better tasting water than compare to other brands. This does wonders on top of our water cooler and we don't have to make a trip or order water jugs. Convenient. Leak proof so far. Simple to use!
The kids loved these clown noses. They were a hit as far as the concept went. They could be a little better fitting, but they were still enjoyed by a roomful of children.
This is a big drink of water. Keeps my in track with fluid intake. Wish it could be locked so as not to spill with the straw in it
A little more stiff than I expected it to be
Arrived on time and in perfect condition.
These balloons were actually adorable, we blew them up ourselves with our mouths because our pump broke last minute. My only complaint is the multicolored confetti actually had both pink and blue colors in it and it confused a few people as if we were tricking them.
Cute keychain. Much Smaller than expected, but still adorable.
I am very pleased with this omelet maker. We used it for the first time this morning and the omelets turned out great. When I saw this product the day it was delivered, I was afraid it may be broken. The box it was in looked like the same packaging that you would see on a store's shelf. I opened it expecting the worse. Upon opening it, I felt much better. My only concern is that the top seems to be a bit loose and has a little wobble to it (but I don't think the shipping method has anything to do with this). However, it didn't effect how the omelet cooked, so I guess it's okay.
Such a cute little machine, works great. But the coffee pot part was cracked when we got it. I tried to contact the seller for just the replacement piece. They emailed saying they issued a refund and a new one is on its way.. i was so happy that this seemed like such an easy fix. Online, it says the replacement was delivered (which I haven't recieved) and the email says the refund will be reflected on my bank statement in 2-4 days. It's been 6 days and no refund...
Nice design and size, but this mug is too heavy to hold with one hand. I found myself having to use two hands to be comfortable.
Would give it 5 stars except the cord is really short, and the product is so lightweight that it tips easily, such as when you are pushing the lever down. I do like the lovely red color of this item, and the nice, wide slots. It toasts nicely, and it has several shade selections, and love that it has a lever to help push the bread high enough that you can get it out without burning fingers on the toaster. Good enough product for the price. Mine does get very light use, so can't really tell you about the longevity of the product.
haven't used the dehydrator yet but i plan to soon!
Cute, but flows very heavy.
Great product and seems cery durable. Blued it as recommended till is was black but still shows signs of oxidation
Standard kettle that gets the job done.
Cheap looking metal. Will rust easily
Good for the price, but kind of cheap. A piece broke off after a few weeks of use, but it still works so I'm not too disappointed. Fyi doesn't work for soap unless you don't mind waiting for a slow dribble of soap.
Good containers but hard to get lids on.
Does the job. Back row can't be used.
Great for making cookies = have to dip in hot water when scooping ice cream
Luckily I read through several other reviews and was prepared to have to do a little DIY work on these little suckers. The are absolutely adorable, but the magnets are just barely attached to the panda's. If you're interested, just be prepared to hot glue them back together as they break apart.
These round silicon mats can go over the turntable in a microwave for easier cleanup in case of spills. Since they are just flat silicon sheets, they could also be used as a nonstick liner in a round cake pan. I've been using these in both ways for a bit, and they are sturdy and easy to wash.
I gave them as a gift and the lady thought they were great.
Its a bit small, but not bad to keep a cup of coffee warm for a while if you have a desk job.
while i like this it is kinda slow to pop
The Vremi cheese grater comes with 4 different grating attachment options and 1 main housing frame with a handle. It stores really conveniently with all 4 attachments fitting inside the collection container. There's also a lid which is great for storing extras. I find that I personally use 2 of the grater sizes most often- the regular and fine. The attachments fit easily in the main piece and the handle is really helpful to create a little resistance as I grate so i can work faster. My only complaint is that the clear collecting part is kind of small on one end so it fills up quickly. It's not a deal breaker because i can open it and either empty or push the cheese back the larger part. Also, it's handwash only which isn't always convenient, but it prevents rust on the metal parts. Overall it's a good value- it stores easily, cuts wells, and has a lid for saving extras.
Light, cute, and easy to use! Not the BEST non stick surface especially in the corners so I still need to use some oil, but overall works well! Love the shape size and color! Don't know how durable it is yet but feels well made.
Good pan to make layered cake and non-stick definitely worth it !
I purchased this item for my office at work. The girls love it. It's easy to use. And the coffee makes our office smell so good. We have limited space in the office so the compact size and removable water basin is ideal.
The small spoons were for appetizers didn't expect that but otherwise they are beautiful and did not change colors with red sauce.
I am very satisfied with my purchase. The knife set comes with different kinds of knife which is actually very helpful in day to day kitchen purposes. So far, the knife has looked sturdy and is very sharp.
Nice idea and clever design however the dish I got was poorly crafted with a out-of-square top that does not fit well or air tight against the base. That said, the seller made contact based upon the original review and attempted to make good on the product. There was an obvious ESL issue that complicated the communications but in the end they sent a different dish as a compensation and it was very satisfactory if not the same conceptually.
...but it works well. Just be sure to wear gloves when removing it from the microwave oven 'cause it gets _HOT_!
The last cup I purchased, the cork started peeling from the bottom but I liked the cup so much that I reordered another set. So far I haven't had any issues with this one. I'll just have to wait and see.
Rack is a bit awkward for some items
Delivery as expected, will by from seller again.
I used them to make coasters. Although they are really thin* I loved the final result. *I used two pieces per coaster.
I give 4 stars for the knives themselves. Good handles, and they are nice and sharp. The holder is cheap, and well...stupid. Its all plastic.
Duarable and good quality.
Overall I've enjoyed my DASH. Ive it a little hard to clean thoroughly though. Quick and easy to use.
thought they would be a tad bigger in size... but a great value .. they are a xmas present..
4 stars instead of 5 because the color is very bright copper, not dark in the picture. Nice and sturdy and does it's job, very cool item
the way product no is listed in heading one can easily assume that you will receive 6 bags not 2. no listing indicates otherwise _ *** deceptive**
Cooks well. Easy to clean. Cooking instructions could be more detailed. Somewhat of a recipe book would have been a big plus!
Works as advertised, food doesn't stick and cleanup is super easy. Curious to see how it holds up over time.
These are super cute and work well. They are a bit lighter than I anticipated so they won't work outside or anywhere with a bit of wind.
Fits our 11 inch fry pan perfectly. very happy
bought these for a local Flag Football Tournament. They worked as expected.
Feels a bit thin and light but does the job!
We had trouble with the lid not fitting tightly so it leaked a bit. I let the company know & they quickly sent out a new shaker without me having to return the old one. Very nice. All is good
Use it & throw it away
I was expecting all of the molds to be the larger size, that may have been my fault though. I must not have been paying attention after looking at so many!
Have not used it much as we have been traveling. The pump is very easy to use. It sprays in a much more controlled way than others I have owned.
They're fine. Really tiny. Like, really really tiny, and quite fragile, but they are okay.
This is a cute little pan.
So far so good. It's a nice size. The well around the edges prevent juices from leaking on to the counter.
very nice quality product
My husband does the outdoor grilling and he loves it.
Nice glasses. Easy to tell who's drink is who's.
This cake decorating kit has everything I need for decorating my cake; all the tools were so useful for me. I bought this set for No regrets! I love the two large icing spatula are so straight and easy to hold and adjustable scraper was perfectly smooth out my cake. I also had a fun time while doing it! Right tool for the job! I highly recommend this set!
didn't expecte get such sharpe carving knife by this price, but it's ture!
Love this tumbler. Doesn't sweat in the heat and ice takes a long time to melt. Definitely will buy again!
flexible microwave lids in graduated sizes that fit inside one another through the central button handle - work well, excellent price. Anticipate they will be durable.
No problems like them
Have brought these bowls twice love then great fro salads and meal prep
These came in 4 separate packs inside one big plastic pack. They were the perfect size for cake pops. i feel like the 4 inch might work too, will try them and review when i do buy them.
Beautiful, I absolutely love this set. I wanted a decanter set to add a talking piece in our living room. I do recommend washing them out before you present them it will make them pop.
I absolutely LOVE these! Perfect size, and so beautiful.
Very good I like it very much
Good quality but gigantic. I new this going in but lol its huge. Coffees lovers Dream . I gave the thermos five stars but only three stars as giftable because most people wouldn't want this big of a thermos that's my opinion. Unless you are the Jolly Green Giant lol
For the price cant go wrong. Ive only had it a short time so cannot make statement regarding its longevity.
I've never used a spiralizer before, but as far as I can tell this does its job well. I get super long even sized zucchini noodles. I bought it specifically for zucchini and haven't tried it for anything else, but it works well for those. Easy to clean, simple. I thought about getting a big fancy machine but decided that was probably more work than it was worth and it would just end up sitting in the back of a cupboard forgotten because I wouldn't be motivated to pull it out, put it all together and then clean it after. This is simple, small and easy to clean and store.
My husband stated just the other day how much he liked the shakers, especially the pepper since he likes course pepper.
Fantastic! Easy to use. I cooked the green beans. They got fully cooked so quickly!
Love this! I cut 4 zucchinis in to slices in just seconds.... Can't wait to try it on other veggies.
Came just as expected, good quality and great price.
Fantastic knife for the price. I am really glad that I bought. I can't believe that it works so well. Very sharp.
Really sturdy plastic, fast boiling and doesn't scale you to the touch. I'm really pleased.
Shipped fast and looks like it will be the perfect replacement part and we will have plenty of spares should we need them, lol.
Good knife...Good quality.
This was a gift for my dad. He loved it.Sturdy &&definitely worth the price.
I use this weekly or even more. Cooking is a chore, so using the crock to make meals for the week is a plus. The item is nice to look at, so doesn't take away from the room, and easy to use. I'd recommend for anyone who is a lazy cooker like myself!
The 15" size is perfect for so many things. It is lightweight and yet heavy duty.
Sharp, easy to use - best we've ever tried!
Beautiful look. Works well.
Very cute!! Exactly like the picture!!
I love the Contigo Shake & Go Fit mixer bottle. They hold up very well, and mix shakes *extremely* efficiently. No more gritty leftover powder and no weird texture. Big opening for easy washing.
I can't let go of the design and the color of the metal. It looks very high-end! Hold it in the hand is even better! I can easily open a bottle of red wine right now, and I don't have to worry about pulling the plug.
I have been using this often, and it works well. Cuts fast and pretty cleanly.
I am happy with my purchase, I needed a lunchbox for my son and couldn't find anything that wasn't "girly" in the store. I have used the Packit brand for the past 5 years for my daughter so I knew what I wanted for my son.
I like this cooler purse I used it for a day trip to zoo.
Absolutely love it! Bought it for a friend and now I am thinking about buying one for myself!
I bought these to use at Thanksgiving. I am so happy with the color and Quality!!
Ordered two because I had two previously but one got lost. Really nice to use for oranges for a household of 9.
Nice, clean looking Bamboo Jar. The top swivels to open and it is held closed by a tiny magnet. Works perfectly for keeping my Himalayan salt.
This french press is amazing! Great price! Great quality! Very easy to use! Bought for small apartment space living and it's amazing!
Nice look and feel. Cuts clean through ribs or brisket.
Lots of items and options for the price, seems to work well.
We absolutely love this French press, its easy to use, great quality and its a great size for two people. Works great for both hot and cold brew. Excellent product.
absolutely love these storage containers These are really great for storing food in your pantry. This product was exactly what is was looking for to get my pantry organized. They look so neat and organized in my cabinets. A lot more convenient than the competitions. I would like to add that the customer service for the company is great as well.
This is a great little scale. I really like the case, which doubles as a weighing tray for small parts. The piece count feature, allowing you to weigh ten items, like a screws, then put a large number in and count them works like a champ, left me with grins all over.
I was tired of paying $7 PER knife for sharpening. I got the LINKYO Electric Knife Sharpening and within the hour ALL the knives in my kitchen where sharp and ready to get to work. I'll never have to deal with a dull knife again!
I loved it! Thank's Recommended
This is my 2nd one the 1st lasted 3 years easy to fill with filtered water from refrigerator.
very easy to use , seems to be reliable , the instructions say to let it cool between use which I have been doing and all is ok , and you can reseal stuff ie multi packs of nam bread , very usefull tool
This pint glass was exactly what I was looking for for my brother's 60th birthday party at a brewery! Very nice quality and arrived without a scratch
This item was cute. It did just what I wanted it to do. I wanted too be able to make zucchini noodles and it did it beautifully!
Looks fabulous on my cake. So worth the money.
Great product!!! Very happy with how well it works!
It is an amazing idea for those who wants to replace plastic straws for something reusable. I bring it with me every time I go out so I don't need to get plastic straws anymore.
When I want just one more cup of joe, this fits the bill. Grind a few beans, put a #2 filter in, heat water on the stove and pour. The only tricky thing is to know how much water you actually need so it doesn't over run the mug. Pro tip, only heat one mug worth of water...
Used these for the tops of cupcakes they looks cute!
I was searching and searching for something large enough to hold all of my many MUST HAVE utensils. This was it. It's durable, easy to clean, and large. The price was right and I'm very pleased with this purchase. If you have lots of tools of the trade grab you one of these.
This is so easy to use and I think my coffee does taste better.
Wonderful candles for birthday gags! I got these for my 22nd birthday, and everyone loved them !
Works great! I use when my IP is on a slow cooker setting and the food comes out just like it does using a CrockPot.
Great value for the price. Easily cuts up herbs. Love that the case is also the cleaner to get the bits out of the blades. I had basil and chives readily available when I got these. Chopped up so quick! Sooooo much easier than my knife! And my husband says "safer for me too." Highly recommend this nifty gadget!
I purchased this after a friend recommended it. I have fine medium length hair and this works amazingly on my hair. It doesn't tangle, gives volume, and is much easier to manage then the blow dryer/roll brush combo. I divide my hair into three sections starting with lower/base of hair drying my way up. The whole process takes maybe less than 15 minutes from starting. It also works great for next day hair to work out any waves or kinks from sleeping.
A grate wine stopper at a good price
Obviously these are pretty standard silicone straws, nothing too fancy, but I LOVE them! The colors are cute (the mint and gray are my fave), they clean super easily, and I'm happy to do our part in decreasing plastic straw waste. I've had them for a month now, and we take them with us on all our summer trips: on the boat, to the cabin, etc. The kids each have their own color so they can easily identify their beverage, and I don't have to worry about them tripping with a plastic or metal straw in their mouths and injuring themselves. As a mom, that's a huge win! Definitely a good purchase.
Very Good Product Very Fast Shipping...👍👍👍
like their food icons to separate food , I can cut my food apart no fear that they will get other smells.
Highly recomend!! Holds a great edge and is very affordable!
Very high quality and high end
Perfect size and very well made.
Its perfect for my Hot peppers powder I make from my hot pepper plant.
I've using this kitchen knife for a week, so far it's still sharp for cutting everything includes beef, my husband likes it so much.
The colors matched my daughters wedding shower perfectly!!
The purchase was amazing and it was everything that I needed.
We got it delivered today and the first thing we did was put it in the dishwasher. This will replace our 10 year old set. It is a better made set then our old one and looks better.
My daughter loved it. She takes it to school everyday. Good quality
Does the job for basic cooking, like eggs or omelets. Not a big surface area so not great for transferring a big item anywhere.
Really love this coffee mug, I wish they had more themed coffee cups with this level of detail
Exactly what I wanted to get for my brother. He LOVES it. He said his water with ice stay cold for so long.
Works great have recommend to friends, use it all the time.
Great price & love the cover!
Love this dish rack! It is so easy to fold and unfold. It's sturdy and the perfect size. Big enough to fit some items but not so big that it takes up all the space on the counter. Use it everyday and still in good condition. Is slim when folded and put away.
Great product. I was not disappointed at all.
I love these bags so much! They are adorable colors and carry a lot of weight. They seem like they will last a long time.
A must have for cupcakes, mess free
I like the bread pan
When I opened the package, I immediately fell in love with this set of kitchenware. It is more beautiful than the picture. Black nylon with silver stainless steel, simple but never going out of date. I haven't used it. I gave it 5 stars for this appearance.
Can't go wrong with this purchase
Great little set of tools for the kitchen. First off, excellent for making salsa. The grater and slicer also come in handy. Use the included recipe book as a place to start for salsa then try if for other stuff. Oh, and its unbelievably eco friendly.
The pan is perfect - no problem with sticking.
Good-looking bowl, good quality, used to hold rice, just the right size, eat with such a beautiful bowl, I feel that I will eat two bowls of rice. I really like this bowl.
This is one of the best things I ever bought. It saves me so much time from hand squeezing and even catches the seeds. A+++
I bought this because the large coils on our antique stovetop quit working. My wife has used this daily for a year and loves that it is portable. It gets the job done for large pots and heats quickly.
This was perfect and works great! I have cabinets over my counters so being able to control where the steam goes will save them from damage. Bought this for my ultra and fit was perfect!
I very rarely leave a review - but this product is so stellar I felt compelled. I have fine, thin hair. Almost every other type of roller damages my hair causing it to break off. These rollers have a plastic core that makes them more rigid than any other foam roller - so they make the rolling up part much easier as they hold their shape and don't compress. I do not use the black self lock bar because it puts a "dent" in my hair. I use the thin clips/pins from my old hot rollers. They slide easily over the roller and hold it in place. If I need more clips I order these: Pro Touch Assorted Hot Roller Clips, 12 Count. I half way dry my hair and then use the rollers. If it gets too dry I spritz with water. Then I use the blow dryer to dry each roller. I put on my makeup, get dressed and then they are dry and I take them out and have firm, long lasting curls. BTW, i do use gel on my wet hair. I often sleep on my hair (no rollers) and it still looks good the 2nd day! I have short - medium length hair.
Great quality - I make green smoothies for my 3 year old in this, and he sucks them down. Only wish it was easier to clean, tiny smoothie remnants in the straw valve no matter what I do.
Arrived on time in good condition.
We are lovers of good coffee and this machine fills all our needs. We highly recommend it.
Perfect. Used these for our party and got the jingle juice going
This is a very nice addition to my service pieces.
I bought 2 of these as gifts and heard great things about them so I bought myself one. I am so pleased with this. It keeps my coffee just as hot as when I pour it in my cup which is how I like it! But if you dont want it that hot you just turn it down. I like that it has a digital read out and easy off on digital touch.
Bought two and then two more. Making egg bites is so fun and easy too! Love these! Thanks Deb!!
Lock is a little hard , works great... would buy again if it lasts at least 3 years, I will use it alot.
I haven't used them yet but they seem really nice
I am very happy with my dehydrator. I have used it for tomatoes, potatoes, herbs and carrots, apples and there are grapes turning to raisins in it right now! Recommend it!
Ordered this because I got tired of buying ice bags and always seeing an empty bag when I needed ice. I love that this makes little ice chips and doesn't take a lot of space like the bags. Overall really good product.
It is great and I love the straight sides. Easy to clean and remove contents. However, it is a little on the heavy side. I would not recommend for some one with problems of lifting.
These knives are extremely sharp, and I love having non serrated steak knives. They do a great job with cutting, and while i've done my own sharpening with a whetstone, its not really required. I just wanted to have extra sharp knives. They are very light but they are very durable and useful. The block isn't that great its kind of a hollow plastic, but its just a storing mechanism.
I've been using olive oil. I really need a good distributor. it's very good and unclear, so it can protect the oil from light. This dispenser is excellent and of good quality. The dumper did a good job and no oil dripped out.
I LOVE my new kitchen utensils and holder. They are well-made instruments and as a bonus, they all match and have nice wooden handles.
This little blender is more powerful than I expected! I have done several different kinds of shakes and smoothies with it now and each time they have turned out great! If the blades get stuck they automatically turn off I Which is nice, no burning up the motor. All you have do is shake it a little to dislodge you ice or frozen berries and then turn it on again. You can gently shake it while it is one to blend everything evenly. I have been using it to make frozen protein shakes and it works great! Very satisfied with how this product works!
It is better to use it in a metal bowl, as it scratches the plastic ones. No big deal, though.
It works well on the stove top but not for the oven use.
Awesome salt container makes a punch of salt very easy and clean!
Love my bowls. They even look better than I expected.
I ended up returning mine, they are super heavy duty.
These work SO WELL! It's so easy to cook my eggs at work now with little to no mess. Highly recommended!
This thing, wow. Seriously, it feels stupid to be so happy with a peeler, but, wow. This thing peels stuff soooooo easily. I use it a lot for cutting lemon and orange peel for cocktails and it has no issue at all getting perfect ribbons of citrusy goodness. Honestly this is the only peeler you will ever want to own for the rest of your life.
I bought a tumbler for a fallen officer friend. I honestly was worried the lids would fit. Lord and behold they fit great. So, not i was worried about the price and it really not going to leak. BAM! No leaks. I would recommend!!
My toast are always perfect lol.
Great sturdy product for neatly organizing spices.
I bought this set as a Christmas gift for family. It's so beautifully wrapped. I don't need to repack it. Just need to find a small gift bag and put it in. I'm happy with this purchase.
Easy to use the instructions are clear and precise. Almost no oil at all everything taste great so far. And the price was very good to some more expensive models.
it helps me start my day easily
Speedy service and product looked and worked like image described, I would use this seller again.
Great product, just as advertised. Fast delivery.
I thought it might be too small for my needs at first because it is narrow, but it actually holds a lot! It's perfect!
Great way to up your pancake game. The wire ball mixes the batter beautifully and I love the way you can squirt the batter directly into the pan. So much fun!!
I really like these bags. They're easy to toss in the wash and this pack comes with a great variety of sizes. I tend to purchase a pretty decent amount of produce each time I shop and I normally still have a few extra left over after grabbing everything on my list, which was a pleasant surprise.
This is an awesome manual spiralizer. Its easy to use and durable.
I will say I was expecting two clear with black lids based on the picture of what we ordered. What we received was a clear one and a light black colored one - both with black lids. Not a real problem though and they work really well.
Bought this for my daughter and she loves every aspect of it
Bought as gift and she loves it
Really cleaned up my kitchen cabinet draw
use this everyday at my desk does a wonderful of keeping my coffee warm
These replaced an old pair of pampered chef oven mitts. So far I really like them and no longer worry about thumbs burning
Excellent! Way more than we needed, but will last forever and literally makes SNOW.
love this product! cant go wrong with these for camping!
The smart oven is great. It cooks everything to perfection. I use it for everything. I was so happy with it, I bought it for my kids. They love it too.
These are good for the environment. So buy them. Save our planet if you don't want to wash dishes
Perfect for a tea party!
These cookie cutters are awesome! This is my third Ann Clark set as I love the other ones I have. These plaque and frame cutters are the perfect size. Not too large, but not too small. The quality is excellent and the cutters don't feel flimsy like other brands that I own. Looking forward to making awesome cookies with these!
Love these bags! They're perfect for packaging my soaps to sell in my shop, and I love that they're eco-friendly.
Best for chef and professional use
Simply slip these over the bottles and you've got an "Etsy-like" gift. The material stretches to fit a variety of bottle sizes. I did not have any issues at all.
Got two of these for 3 gallon water jugs. Feel stupid not to have gotten years ago. Mostly easy to put together but instructions and diagrams could be better.
it worked fine for a year, except for one occasion where it just did not work....... i took the machine and shook it a few times, it magically started working again several months after that, it stopped working at all..... but there was a 2 month warranty period, and customer service sent me a check for the refund..... so things left on a happy note on another note, it's small and very easy to use, looks nice too..... neat stuff
This is a very nice wine opener. I have da electric openers and the butterfly ones that are similar to this. This opener is far, far, superior to them all. It has an amazing ergonomic feel to it. If you have a hard time using this opener, you should stop because you are probably drunk and don't need any more wine.
Used during a wedding and it held up great.
Best magnetic knife holder I have owned.
I'm happy with the carafe- it is very pretty, elegant and looks functional - can't wait to use it for the holidays. I had an issue with the seal leaking around the edge where the top screws on. Contacted the company and they were able to help me figure out the problem and fix it. It was just a warped seal around the screwed in part. Just put it in steaming hot water so it would go back to its original shape. Works fine now!
Gave as a gift they loved all the sayings
Very functional array of sizes! Bought as a gift, and the recipient loves them!
This was a big hit with my 17 yr old nephew. The lights are quite bright and they are a lot of fun.
Love it , If you like some kick then you will like this... pops up great has heat, I add butter to mine just for more butter flavor...
The polished chrome will stand up to the weather. I mounted this on a wall that my BBQ sits in. I wanted it for the tools and to hang knives, towels, and all other BBQ items. Love it!
Great product and easy to use.
Great popcorn maker! It was easy to setup and use and makes the perfect popcorn! It's not too nosy and holds a lot of popcorn, perfect for entertaining
Perfect for what I was looking for. Nice fit, seem to hold up to heat, adds a little color to the kitchen. They seem very similar to a 'name brand' pair of mitts that i had previously, but at about half the price
Awesome spiralizer that have so many different functions. I use it daily to chop all my vegetables and potatoes as well. High quality and fast chopping. Save me time and energy. Highly recommended. Amazon has on time delivery which save me time As well.
The cups are good and sturdy. Great for my baby shower.
The aeropress is simple and easy to use, and both my wife and I think it makes a superb cup of coffee. We still do drip coffee on weekdays just because it's a little easier, but the aeropress is our weekend treat (that still doesn't require much work). Where it really shines though, is when traveling. As long as you can boil water, you can have good coffee. At home, in a hotel, an RV or camping, it's portable enough to take with you. We recently took the aeropress on a month long camping trip. Great coffee in the middle of nowhere was the perfect way to start the day, especially compared to the instant stuff which would have been our other option.
These bowls are 100% leak proof and are the perfect portions for soups or salads. Would definitely recommend.
I like the color and design of this toaster. It fits perfectly in my kitchen counter top. Bread toasts uniformly and can remove bread crumbles from the bottom tray. I highly Recommend this.
Love this product, this charge bit was a kinda strange but after watching a YouTube version, so got a hang of it. Because this is no port(it is a waterproof so there can't be an opening) you think you are break it by inserting the charger prong thing but if you push it a bit further the red light indicating that it's charging will turn on.
Love this cooler. It's the perfect size and keeps my liquid gold cold while I go to work and school. The polka dot print is also super cute.
much easier to clean than the old version
Exactly what I expected
Their customer service is exceptional! All of my questions were answered quickly, usually within minutes.
This cup appears to be very well made and it came with two straws and a straw cleaner. I can't wait for my husband to get it on Christmas!
Love this little gadget. I love to make the ice balls with a a wedge of lemon, or a sprig of parsley. They are a perfect addition to any pitcher, and great conversation piece. I am going to use these in the winter for a "ice ball hunt" when there is snow outside! Makes a great gift too!
Got these cause my boyfriend and I needed some new knives and these work great they cut easily and are plenty sharp. And they come with a little piece that slides on the edge so u don't cut yourself when grabbing them out.
So much better than cork! They keep our wine fresh and it's easy to put them into the bottles and also remove them. No brainer!
Perfect for my work party candy guessing game!
I give it 5 stars but i just found original milk glass bottles with milk same size made for that, for same price of each empty milk bottle here on picture at whole foods. Just clean lid buy hand and bottle no dishwasher. And dry lid.
These look great and they have a nice weight.
Just love this bread machine. It works, it works, and it works.
very well made, fits my big cast iron skillet perfectly
Had this rice cooker for about a year now or maybe a tad longer. Still works great. This brand never fails me in terms of rice cookers. :)
Use this every day to take my home made smoothie to work.
The canisters are easy to use, and when you finish them, you can send them back for a refund of the deposit. I contacted customer service to get a shipping label, and they were very helpful and friendly. It doesn't hurt that the company is based in Ann Arbor - Go Blue!
My 2 1/2 year old Granddaughter loves her new bank. I am so happy that it is unbreakable. Would recommend this Bank to anyone.
Keeps drinks cold for hours
I love these. They are sturdy and really. I loved the stand it came in. Overall very happy with my purchase
I have two of these blocks and love them. Although a few folks have complained about splitting, I have never experienced this problem. It is critical to maintain the blocks using Boos block mystery oil and wipe off liquids after use.
I bought this to go with the matching teapot. Very happy I did, they are beautiful together!
The non-skid bottoms help keep the bowls steady and avoid accidental slips and spills. They don't stain. I've used them to chop whole tomatoes for soup. Love them!
The item is good , the Issue was the delivery was in a wrong apartment number , the Good thing was my neighbor gave to us ..!
As long as you don't put this in the dishwasher, it won't stick as bad. Have to hand wash.
It's really well made and designed. Love the heaviness and durability. Love that it keeps water cold for a LONG time. I love cold water with lots of ice, and this is great for that. Holds a lot of water. I bought the handle to go with it. I take it in the car with me. I keep it next to my bed. Love the design and the cool magnetic slide. I'm sold on Yeti!!!
I think about to buy a processor for a long time. I was very satisfied with this product. It helps me a lot on cutting vegetables. And I can get the different shapes of vegetables. So cool!
I haven't had the chance to use the product significantly, so can't state how well it will hold up over time, but do expect that this product will do the job for a long time. It has some heft to it, but isn't too heavy and the handle shape is pleasing to hold. Overall a good product. Furthermore the seller did a great job. Somehow we received the wrong item initially (similar product, but with wooden handles and different brand name...much poorer quality) and the seller rectified the situation quickly.
The best toaster I have ever owned.
Great for decoration! Actually very sturdy and easy to hang.
Holder came fast and was free from damage. Works well in a windy environment and looks nice on the table.
I love the table cloth. i get so many compliments from people. Easy to clean and I definitely recommend it.
Well made and works great. In summary, this item is 100% Lin Hint approved. If this review was the tiniest bit helpful to your shopping experience, please press the helpful button below. Have a great online shopping experience and a great week!
These work perfectly. They were delivered quickly and the seller confirmed that we were happy with our purchase.
I wanted a few usable trivets for decorating in the kitchen when they are not in use. Many "cute" compliments on this one!
We use these for cold filtered coffee. The perfect size for fridge.
This is a very easy-to-use timer, the big numbers are great and I can hear it go off quite a distance away! I use it a lot when I'm using my PC because time just seems to disappear when I'm back in the office working on it! The magnetic back is nice so that I can put it on my fridge.
Easy to carry everywhere
Perfect for what we needed at a casual wedding. Ease of disposal, one piece, and sturdy.
Hubby is doing his man cave in all native american deco. I got him this for his table. Packed very well. Not too big and looks nice.
On the advice of our veterinarian, we started giving our golden these chews to help his joint stiffness, along with omega 3's. I am pleased to see our dog's mobility has improved, and I noticed it continues to remain so even without the epa/dha supplement as often. My dog loves these chews, and will go after them first in his dinner.
This is the perfect sized pan. The Teflon looks perfect and things have been turning out great with no sticking.
Very sturdy and attractive. I bought them in order to make my own yogurt. Would be good also for individual side dishes
Great looks very durable!
I have the smallest oven. This works perfectly for personal sized meals
perfect first set of dishes
A bit small but very sturdy
Very ingenious, affordable product. It allows us to buy better quality wines without risking waste if we choose to have a single glass on a daily basis. The Preserver seems to be working as advertised.
This lunchbox is fantastic. It's cute, easy to clean, keeps cold food cold. and is a great size to fit a lot or a little.
It's compact size small scale. My wife use this scale when she bake the cookies and some bread. She likes this scale.
The details are amazing!
Best coffee you could possibly make.I have 2 cups of dark strong coffee every day,this little pot makes the best coffee going and is so simple to use with all parts renewable.
This tumbler keeps my hot tea warm long enough before I can I finish thanks to the double wall design. The metal straw and the metal ice cubes are so cute and functional. The size of the tumbler is perfect and fits my car beverage holder. Love it.
It's lovely, Beautiful colors and nice in every way
This is the gift to give a very wealth in law that doesn't need anything , but it's their birthday so you have to get them something! Well he loved this mug! Thx
I just received this apple peeler, and used it today to make a fresh apple pie. It is AWESOME!! So easy to use, very intuitive- peeled an apple in seconds. I proceeded to peel 5 apples for my pie- did a perfect job on those apples. The pie is delicious. I love this product as the usage was so smooth and technology is more lovely! It mostly work for every apple except very small ones or out of shape ones. I love this one.
Exactly what I wanted!
These are freaking amazing! I use these to put my prepped meals in the freezer, kind of like a healthy, homemade TV dinner. The spill proof lids are great too!
These worked out wonderfully for our event! I have to admit, I was skeptical at first, but they were soooo much better than I could have imagined! And a great price!
We bought this to limp us through not having a stove for a while. It works great! We use it to saute veggies, boil water, scramble eggs.... anything a small bottom pan can do! Heats up super quick and very easy to clean. Even once our stove is repaired, it will be in regular use in our home.
So I thought these where like mixing blows with lids... not quite there actually pretty small but still a good deal and really nice
A perfect gift. I brought this coffee grinder for a Christmas present and I'm really happy to see that everything looks exactly like in the pictures. I just got it and it really looks nice - a small but solid grinder and fine, qualitative accessories. So happy with my acquisition, it's going to be a nice gift, for sure!
Got a love this portable straw now I don't feel bad about the turtles. It's great that I can bring my own Straw where ever I go saving the environment at the same time. Got one for my wife she loves it too. Good design easy to clean.
The description says that it would fit 2 sticks of butter, but it is tall enough for another two. So it will fit 4 sticks total, or a block of butter if you prefer.
Super great quality and durability. Better than I expected honestly.
This are perfect for smaller loaf size snack cakes, My wife makes zucchini, , cranberry, banana etc breads and these are a perfect size. Easy clean up and extremely durable. Will buy products from this seller in the future
I don't like microwave bacon but some people do? This bad boy is a heater and you will never look back once you get him going.
I use for pottery. They work well for small detail cutting
Thanks Very Happy ~ See You Next Time
Good quality can cover. Nice to have when at functions that there are people who frown on drinking. It fits cans good. Looks just like a coke can.
It is a wonderfully sharp knife.
It's a very good product, will be ordering more in the future.
Great replacement. Fits normally. Would buy another.
not only is it funny.. it actually functions very well
This is a great product, no complaints on my end. It adds just that little bit of comfort that is great for sitting on the toilet. The material is a great medium between comfort and ability to be cleaned since it is in the bathroom. This was a great addition to my bathroom that I would highly recommend for everyone!
These plates are a great value. Buying these at a party supply store would likely be twice as much. I like the simplicity of these because it's easy to use and leftover plates for other occasions. I will likely purchase these again because of the price, quality, and speed or delivery.
My bridesmaids loved them, very well made & the packaging is super cute
Best travel mug I've found, and I've looked far and wide. You can't beat a vacuum for insulation.
you definitely don't have to worrry about greasing this pan before using which is a nice bonus in my book. I made brownies in this pan and they came out perect. I would definitely recommend this product for anyone looking to make mini muffins, cupcakes and brownies
I like all the cookie presses and designs.
The best you can get for the money. Lots of features in a physically small package. There are other units that are good but this one is better and smaller.
This coating is much better than the Teflon type coating in terms of durability and ease of cleaning I have not noticed any scratches or wear after a month of daily usage.
The Coffee Grinder is really great.t's the first time I've used it in the office by myself. It is very convenient to grind coffee beans.It's of good quality. Exquisite workmanship. After use, cleaning is also very convenient.I keep it in my office without taking up space. It's also easier to carry.
I used this product for a spring party, and it worked out great. Pair it up with the Hawaiian shaved ice flavors and you have a hit
I love this to make popcorn. It is the perfect size and cute as can be.
We love these! But... These aren't the normal size, they are larger. Not that its a problem, just want to make sure you know.
Good quality. Nice looking Mug.
Have made some great meals since getting it! Great alternative to eating heavy fried food.
My three year old loves this. I bought it for her to bake with grandma but she has so much fun with it as a toy. Great quality and super cute presentation, makes a great gift.
I bought this as I prefer to use my own coffee rather than the pre-filled Kcups. I had a different kind of self fill cup and it began to leak everywhere. I have used these multiple times since purchase and they work great and no more leaking! Recommend!
These lids are amazing! Leak proof, very functional for a fraction of the competitors prices.
Great cups. We love Tervis, they really are great cups!
Got sick of the always filthy office microwave and the long lines to use it. This works amazing! I just drop my lunch in as I settle in in the morning and enjoy my lunch at my leisure. This makes me happy happy!
I'm new to the Instant Pot movement - but if it doesn't do anything else but cook these marvelous eggs, it will be worth it! After searching and reading all the reviews, I bought this (I like the bonus gift too!).This accessory is a must for any smart pot owner and I love how it doubles as a trivet too. Great quality and I've used it a dozen times already. No problems with throwing in the dishwasher ever time - comes out looking brand new!
Use this for football concession stand. If I had known the door opening was so small, I would have gotten the next size up. Recommend to everyone. But buy the next size up.
The slots are a bit small for my liking but this case is amazing and my 3 and 7 year old fight over who gets to use it. Guess I'll have to get another one.
So far so good. The first thing we tried was the express bread maker and it turned out so good, nice and warm. The only problem I had was that the mixer arm stayed in the bread, but that's probably something I did in my rush to make the bread.
Variety of sizes work great for all different liquids. Great for spices. too.
Heavy duty, sleek flatware. Exactly as pictured and described. Easy to use, easy to clean.
I have a small car and I wash it a lot at home by myself. With this tool, it makes the washing easier. Very smart design, you can use the rubber top to clean and cloth top for drying out the residual, very handy, light weight, great quality, I would recommend this product.
Purchased this for our home and live it. Keeps wine at the perfect temperature.
Love my new bamboo cutting board. It is easy to take care of and its light...used it to cut a juicy watermelon it worked perfect.
Got it for my dad and he loved it! Very nice quality
Very good purchase! Good quality very resistant and easy to clean. I recommend it!
As name describes. Basic. Just what I had wanted though. Durable & hearty material. Easy cleaning. Does get scratches over time from knives as expected to happen with any dishes. Bowls are on the shallow side but I like them. Recommend. Would buy again.
Perfect for cooking. I use them in all my soups and stews.
I was looking for a small paring knife with thin handle. Worked out great now I have two.
easy to read and use
It was a hit with the birthday girl! Well made thank you!
This is a great mandolin. It is very easy to use and I love that my veggies can go directly into a container vs on my countertop. Eating healthier is so much easier with this! Love it!
This cake topper was heavy weight! Not thin or plastic. I loved it and was so pleased when I received it!
Two words: bread wrap. Thank you for including it in your 4 pack! I've always wanted to try it. I'm happy to report it works extremely well. Keeps my homemade sourdough bread soft and fresh. Who would have thought that something so simple could be so good.
Best thing I've ever invested in! Prevents the cooking aftermath mess by preventing any oil from coming out of your pan! less mess = happier cook! AlSO I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT IF YOU HATE GETTING BURNED BY THE OIL WHILE COOKING
I love this cooker. My third. Bought this for a friend. One for Home and one for work. 6 minutes for soft boil. Run under. cold water to peel. Perfect!! 8 minutes for hard boil. No mess. Love it.
Excellent product ❤️
Bought this one for my mom after she saw my basket one and wanted it. I may have to buy this one for me too!! 1. Mine is cute but we get basket pieces falling into the plates below. 2. Better quality Incase it falls around in our trailer! My mom has used this at a ton of family dinners and camping!
Greatly helps with the odors from the compost can.
I love these liners. They are easy to install, affordable, and keep my oven clean. Worth the purchase!
I have used this one a few knives and even a pair of scissors. works perfect every time.
Very beautiful set! Using these for my first apartment.
The headline says it all, this is hands down the best grinder I have ever used.
These are exactly what I was looking for. Perfect for veg and fruit at the grocery store.
Used these for a pastor appreciation dinner they looked great held up well and were fast clean up! Will be buying these again for other events
Great cleaner We have used it cleaning almost everything Even power washed the house with it
I broke the lid on my coffee grinder and was looking for a comparable one. This it it! Plus the bowl is WAY bigger than my old one. We usually just grind enough for the french press, but it is awesome to have enough capacity to grind coffee for a full pot in the big 12 cup coffee maker (when company is over or something) without reloading. The black is nice with a combination of matte and shiny. you can also see the stainless steel bowl through the clear lid, so it fits with my other "coffee area" items which are all black and stainless.
They are very tiny, and even though the site provided the size, I didn't realize how tiny they are. Perfect for small deserts. Less dessert, less calories.
I absolutely love these. In fact I'm going to go put my lunch in one right now.
Was a gift for my husband. He loved it. I was happy with the quality for a novelty item. Glass is etched nicely and has held up well after being washed.
This was given as a gift and the recipient loved it.
Perfect for banana bread.
Nice machine! Very Quiet!
Wow what a deal my sister is a photographer and she loved loved loved it and it's not cheap looking or feeling very good quality especially for the price.
This is our 2nd purchase of his machine. The first is 18 months old w no issues. This one was a gift to my sister. She goes on and on about our coffee on every visit! She deserves to wake up to it everyday! I recommend Costco Colombian beans!
Keeps my cereal crunchy and fresh
These molds are GREAT! I love that they are small, because I can tip them upside down right over my melting pot to let the chocolate run out when molding the chocolate shells to be filled. I also love that they are bright colors so that I can tell when they are free of all chocolate residue when I am washing them. I imagine that popping them out intact might be a problem if you use thinner chocolate. I'll update my review if I ever try that. My truffles look perfectly uniform and are the perfect size for two bites. Love these molds!
Love everything about it. Quality is stellar.
Keep ice from melting for days
It's a plank of wood that lives up to its material quality. Serves intended purpose.
This is a very lightweight sharpener that is easy to use and fast. Very suitable for home use.
When I got them, I couldn't wait to use them. I made zucchini bread using the liner. Easy clean up and left no residue behind on my cup cup pan. It's sturdy enough that when you put your batter in, it still stay up. Eating the zucchini bread was easy because the liner peeled off easily too. Will definitely get more when I run out.
As described. Takes the work outta shucking oysters!
These are the best you are going to find when it comes to sucker molds. I use them and they are great. Other reviewers have noted that the well area for the sticks isn't deep enough, but there are hacks. Slice down further, roll suckers in after hard sugar is poured, etc. You'll figure it out. I love these. I don't even spray them down. They pop right out and are forgiving. I'd say they make average sized suckers/lollipops. Not mini, not big. Just right.
We collect these from each state as we vacation there. They are getting harder to find in shops. Love them!!
Got this for a white elephant gift for Christmas and instantly fought to steal it back from who selected it. I love this thing, hot dogs cook perfectly, buns get nice and toasted, and it is easy to clean! I use a sponge and it just wipes clean.
I got this for my daughter for Christmas in 2017. Just a few weeks ago she commented how much she likes it after one year of use. It is economical and apparently works great.
Best juicer I ever owned. Pure pleasure to drink fresh juice. Buy it.
Nice clean storage piece. Fits into pantry easily.
This is an amazing stand-alone ice maker!! I purchased it for a Polar Cube icing machine to ice my back after surgery. (My prior back surgery, we had to keep running to the store every 2 days to buy ice). It is SO easy to use!! Just pour in the water into the main area, and the machine does the rest. With the push of a button, you can change the "size" of the ice cubes which is actually their thickness. It makes 9 cubes at a time, I wish it was more, but it still fills up the ice holder. To keep it going, I just empty the ice into gallon sized zip lock bags. It sits near the fridge, it doesn't need a drain and it looks attractive. The biggest problem with refrigerator ice makers, is that they can cause undetected leaks, that can cause terrible damage to a house. It did it to my fathers kitchen floor and ruined a structural beam that ran through the kitchen and laundry room. Thousands of dollars of damage to hos house!! When this icemaker fills to capacity it will shut off an a red light will come on, and it will wait until you empty it enough to get below the full mark. I accidentally left it overnight, and the icecubes were in fine shape, only a couple had partially melted (the water returns into the system to make more ice). So even though it is not meant to have the ice just sitting in it "like a freezer", I was impressed that they kept in as good of shape as they had! Love my icemaker and highly reccomend it!! For any reason, not only for medical. Now, if I was going to have a big party, I suggest starting to save your ice a couple days, or more, ahead so you have enough! But, this ice maker WILL pay for itself, because ice at the store is expensive!
Excellent waffle maker. The depth allows you to make a waffle without it pouring over the sides. The extra scoop that comes with it lets you put the exact amount of mix in.
The box that contained the items looks very flimsy, it didn't hold very well because the measuring cups came out of the box. Love the measuring spoon as they are magnetic in the middle and keeps everything together. Has all the sizes I need so I don't have to be guessing amounts. The cups are also great as it comes in many sizes as well. Overall, this is good.
I loved it. Somewhat hard to put batteries on
I'm a special event bartender and I use these often. Easy to clean, very flexible, and lightweight. I love them!!!
Very sharp and a great quality!
Love this crock pot. Need to learn all of its functions. Maybe a little warmer than my older crock pot.
Works great! Handy when making cookies!
works great when added to fire.
Absolutely love this cup! I'm going to buy more! Keeps my water cold all day and the steel straw is awesome doesn't get discusting like plastic ones and keep drinks cold all the up to your lips! lid fits gray too no spilling!
Had everything I needed to start
goes well with dishes
Very well, sometime's it leaks and sometime's it doesn't
I don't use it for stirring drinks...I use it to stir epoxy. They work great, and have helped reduce the amount of bubble in my epoxy. (If you are looking to work with epoxy, please research you need a full face respirator and protective clothing, no matter what the advertising says)
My old iron used to take forever to heat up and I would have to go over a shirt so many times just to get one wrinkle out. This new iron heats up almost instantly and does a great job and getting all the wrinkles in my clothes out with little to no effort. The steam makes it faster and easier to get the entire shirt and I don't have to worry about burning my clothes like I used to with my old iron.
A good quality, attractive mug that was a perfect gift! I purchased this as a gift for my mother who had recently finished radiation and chemotherapy for breast cancer and she loved it!
Screw cap is sturdy and bottle design is simple yet elegant.
I really love this product! It's great quality and has the nice light that glows up which is cool. I was very impressed when I opened the box and set everything up. If you like hot drinks and nice lights then this is the product for you.
Works perfect for salad dressing for lunches
Keeps food items fresh and free from pesky bugs getting in. Lid is hinged, so it stays with containers. Coffee container has scoop already in it, but could be bigger to hold larger cans and bags of coffees.
This is a very nice stainless steel wine tumbler. I wanted to start decorating cups and this was my first one.
Wow! I should have ordered one of these A LONG time ago! This is so handy! I bought it to make rope fondant by twisting two cords around each other and it is SO MUCH EASIER than rolling my own fondant and being consistent. I'm excited to try the other shapes and figure out a way to use them. It's not a fast process - because it takes time to twist the bar around to push the fondant out, but it creates a great product for your time. Also--easy to clean as it pushed the fondant out it self. I highly recommend this.
very pleased with this lunch box. large enough to hold my son's sandwich, juice box, 2 small containers, and a snack pack. There is a mesh pocket inside that is good for holding utensils, granola bars, etc. good study zipper, slim pocket in the back for flat things like napkins. happy with quality, inner dimensions, durability, handle strap, and fun print. would recommend.
I'm picky about purchasing great coffee and about the way I grind and brew it. I've be been looking for the perfect travel mug for years. This is the one for me! It's easy to hold. Coffee stays HOT! It doesn't drip or leek. I can throw it in my bag and not worry. My favorite thing is that the opening feels like you are drinking from a cup. Although the coffee is piping hot you pour a little onto the lip and sip it just like you would drink your hot brew from a cup. I will be getting one for my husband. It feels very sturdy. I just received this I need more than a few days use to rate durability. I will revisit.
This is perfect to cook 2 items at the same time in my 3 qt Instant Pot. Easy to remove with the lift included. Don't need 2 pots ? No worries. Just use one ! ... Great item. Highly recommended.
Like everything about it, so much so, am ordering 3 more for my daughters! Best thing I've purchased in a long time.
My children take food daily to school and sports and was looking for something of good quality for packing, These reusable packs are of high quality. We pack fruits, sandwiches and snack. This comes in different sizes. Very safe for storing food.
Love these. I bought a set years ago at IKEA and lost some along the way. I got this set before hosting our first Thanksgiving and they were perfect. They're sturdy, not thick, but thick enough that I'd never worry about the heat reaching the table, and neutral. The one I have that's 8+ years old is still in great shape so hopefully this is the last set I'll need!
Love it. Big oversized mug for lots of coffee. Very colorful. Received in perfect condition.
This knife is great and it is so sharp and it is made from premium German stainless steel material. It has a nice wooden grip, this kitchen chef knife is designed with a stylish copper ring for decoration I know that it will be a long-life usage. It literally can cut through anything in the kitchen which I really like; could be used for chopping, slicing, dicing, and mincing. Featuring sharp, hard, insulated, stainless steel, moisture proof, anti-crack, wear-resistant, and corrosion free.
This is a great mug and diffuser set!
great light system for closet and under counter
These are now my new breakfast plates and I'm just smitten with them. I have matching mugs for a couple of them and just love-love-love the patterns. Thank you for all these fine mornings with my little wild friends!
I bought this for my two years old girl. She is cute but also terrible. I like to use the two mins one for her time out. She needs to learn crying is not helpful to get what she wants so this 2 mins time out is really good for me. And she also enjoy playing it whenever she likes. While the similar funtions is for 20 mins, beside it is a toy for my girl, i use it to count the time for my girl to watch Cartoon. Very satisfied my purchase.
These are strong plastic cups very durable great for partys
Jars look great holding spices. Nice large mouth makes filling easy and they're perfect for people who cook a lot! 1 jar out of 24 arrived broken, but they showed excellent customer service and sent a replacement over and above what was necessary. It's a really nice product and I highly recommend
Excellent quality water bottle. Love that it came with 2 kinds of lids. The color is beautiful and it fits perfectly in a cup holder
Works great on my cooktop.
Best mugs ever. Everyone in my family wanted one once they saw mine and they all received one for Christmas. Keeps drinks very hot and doesn't spill.
Nice set but I have returned ot and bought larger pans
Great quality, the packaging is beautiful and the shipping was very fast
Just loved these and worked great as party favors! Guests loved them as well.
Very cute! Love the silicon style they are easy to remove I will definitely buy again if i lose mine.
I've had this for a week. No leaks. Keeps my lunch cold. The best part - the handles are riveted to the bag. I had to replace my other lunch bag bc the handles ripped off- they were sew on- this bag is made nearly indestructible!
The smaller 1/8 measure is perfect. Great addition to the kitchen. Loved the price!!
I use this to do my tea is so good. I like elegant view of product and that the tea pieces can get out.
This works perfect for my juicing
Yes it is. Great product I will buy some more. My friends love it too!
Love it, as does my 3.5 year old daughter. It's sturdy, easy to clean and makes her consume more water! All around win!
Exactly what I was looking for! Great size & fits a lot inside. Love how there is a top section for snacks and things. Pockets on the outside are great too!
Great product. I used it to cover skillets when frying meats.
Just made Oatmeal Cookies for my husband and I just LOVE this scoop!!!!! I think I just might order another size!!!
So many glass pitchers aren't for hot beverages. This one is a great size and can be used for hot or cold. Hubby and I love iced tea and this is a perfect size to make and store tea in.
I got 2 that are inverted and could therefore be used as cookie stamps. I bought this pack so I could break them and put the smaller pieces in my spice jars to keep humidity out. Trying it out and so far so good. They work well in sugar so why not spice. The defects were small for the most part (some humorous) and I can see them all getting used. Can't wait to see if they to well as pot steamers too.
Great! I used this as a meditating mat, and it works fine as well. The cushion is soft and thick. Update- 4th day using it, love it so much I bought a 3 more. one for my bathroom, and the other two for my sister and mom. One minor comment on this though is when you first open it for the first time, there is a little foam smell, but I put it out at the balcony for 2 hours and the smell was gone. So all in all, great quality, and so cheap! Similar mats go for 50 bucks on BBB!
It's really cute, My daughter loves it!
These are amazing. Be careful taking them out of the package. I accidentally cut myself a tiny bit. Very sharp and user-friendly when you hold them by the handle!
These food tents are super light weight and keep the little critters off the food. I really like that you can fold them down and store them nicely.
AS described and happy with purchase
Cute and not hard to use. My kids love these in their lunches (I use very thin shaved carrot slices for the detail...my kids don't like nori sheets.
Great product, arrived on time. LOVE the message will use this cup as a gift for all my friends needing a reminder!
Works well. Water really tastes better.
It's very cute and organized!
Like these a lot. Use them all the time.
Product came when promised in time for a party we were having. Forks look like real silverware and guests commented on them.
Beautiful hankies. I purchased for my dad's funeral to give to family. I have washed mine and it washed nicely.
What a fantastic pizza paddle! Perfect weight and very well made.
I like my coffee black & strong; how i like my men! After enduring so many terrible cups of coffee thanks to Kuerig, I came to and decided to go French. Best decision ever! Delicious, smooth and hot! This baby saved my life! Love it!!!
I love this new steamer. It is so easy to use and stores compactly. It makes preserving foods much easier with less water and is definitely a time saver! The temperature indicator is easy to read and accurate. I plan to use this for many years ahead.
My main purpose for buying this product is to steam my vegetables because this is the most healthiest way to preserve all the nutrients where boiling or microwaving loses valuable nutrients. I really love the style and use of this product.
bought it for a birthday gift and the reciever was very satisfied with the gift. very nice looking!
Love this lunchbox. Nice and roomy and holds more than one meal's worth of food, which is what I was looking for. The containers it comes with are great too!
Love it! Been wanting one forever since i saw my moms. Finally got one so we can cook our blue apron recipes in it
I love the clip for using when I'm making candy. And I like that it comes with a little protective tube. My last one broke because it didn't have something like that. I would definitely recommend this.
We got these for use in our travel trailer to put plates and bowls in to save space. They work great for that use and I'm very pleased with the purchase.
Works as I expected to open bottle caps and jar lids. Getting older and no longer have the grip I used to.
Love the looks and the way it keeps everything nice and neat on the back of my sink. Keeps things from sliding and organizer stays in place.
Love the cocktail set! Looks better than the picture. Perfect size and the crystal is beautiful!
I really enjoy using this strainer. Its' flexibility makes it work on any size pot or pan I want to usse it with.
Got as a gift. Love it! Just make sure you leave time overnight for it to brew!
We use this pretty much every day, it's great!
We haven't had a new set of sharp knives in a really long time, and I'll tell you these are a nice and sharp set. The clear storage case is so much nicer than the old wooden block we had for our old knives
They dont let moister in when the humidity is high. They dont spill salt or pepper when knocked over. Everyone that uses them wants a pair so I get them to add to gift baskets. They last a very long time also I have probably gone through 4 pairs in my life time of 54 years and that is including the first pair my Mom had gotten for herself when I was about 5. Thinking I might buy a couple extra and put in the china cupboard so if they discontinue making them I will have enough to last the rest of my life.
Easy to use and works great.
Great things, love them.
Exactly what I needed.
Been looking for copper mugs just could justify paying 10 a mug. Saw these and figured worth a shot! Glad I did, about to order another set.
Huge space! Removable top shelf is great! Packed all baby picnic in it
Lovely. Many uses. The vintage appearance to them makes them very special for me.
Great product! Rolls up easily, fits great and does the job! I recommend this product.
I love baking with silicon! Nothing sticks like it dies with aluminum foil. It also feels good knowing I'm being environmentally friendly!
This is just all around a great deal. I love the lids the trays came with, the ice sticks fit perfect in a water bottle, and the flexible bottom makes it easy for the sticks to come out.
ABSOLUTELY wonderful product. I use it for all my cooking needs. Set it a go, makes cooking a snap when you get home.
This paper towel holder looks great under my cabinets, it matches all my stainless steal appliances perfect. It was super easy to install, it's also easy to replace the paper towels when finished and it comes with an extra adhesive strip should you need to ever move it
Delivery was faster than expected and they are exactly what I was expecting
Very nice glass. I like the heavy stem. Should hold up good.
These picks are great quality.. I have them on my bar at all times, everyone compliments them. They are easy to wash I have a third row in my dishwasher so I just throw them on top and don't have to worry about them falling threw. I highly recommend this product
Loved these items!! Party Jell-O shots is always a hit!!!
This is and excellent brewer, easy to clean, easy to use, brews hot strong coffee, this is the brewer you buy after 3 common kitchen aid coffe brewers, long lasting coffeemaker
Arrived as expected. A darling little dish.
Love this candy jar! I ordered 2 - 1 for sugar and 1 for powdered creamer. They seal well and look great on my counter next to the coffee pot.
I love this brand I have normal bowls as well as these and a butter pot They are very resilient- great quality and beautiful colors and quality
Perfect. Comfortable and takes up less space than similar mats.
I've had this for MONTHS now and it's truly one of the best mats around! I got two sizes.. the smaller one for my computer and the larger one for the kitchen. I also love that it's super easy to clean. Great product!
Bought this as a gift. He loved it! He uses it everyday, the colors haven't faded or anything. Great quality for a good price.
Too big for my purpose but they work great
Light weight, double wall cup is very good to keep warm, keep good tasty of coffee.
This is a nice, bright light in a good compact size. I needed a motion light for where I keep my trash cans, and this light is perfect! It took a good afternoon in full sun to do the initial charge, but its been working great with a couple of hours of daily sun. The motion sensing works well too, not overly sensitive to pick up say leaves blowing around, but snaps right on when I get into range.
First and foremost, this product does exactly what it promises, as it's a carafe and it's a presentable, table-ready serving device. Its top is well-made and seems like it will be sturdy and sustainable when it comes to preserving temperatures. It also looks cool, as I like the mix of black, silver and clear coloring. There are bigger carafes on the market, but this is one to consider purchasing for its economical value.
These silicone straws are amazing!! I got one for me and my son. I love how they have their own carrying case and cleaning brush for on the go. I take it with me everywhere and use it with all my drinks. I am so glad I found these straws.
Traditional Chinese Medicine producer, herbs producers. If the pills are too big for kids to swallow, here you go.
Wife loves these she can now have her wine anywhere well minus her job, exactly as advertised. Pretty good idea. Big thank you goes to the person who thought of this.
Old GE fridge filter replacement. Good flow
I'm using these for my Easter Table favors. They were great quality and easy to use. Secondly I'll be using them to fill my Easter deviled eggs.
Perfect for cupcakes.
simple and perfect. works great.
Protective cover included. Nice size. Comfortable handle.
Very good bowls! These seal great when putting leftovers in the fridge 😁 Well worth the price!
The quality is really good. Its non stick with a sturdy build.
This was a gift for a bride who bikes. She loved it!
The toaster is heavy duty and stylish. I like that I can clean the bread crumbs at the bottom. My old toaster definitely doesn't have that feature.
Just received it today it is everything I was hoping for works perfect
Perfect for any kitchen
Very happy with my new air fryer. I had wanted one of these for years and finally got the chance to find this really good one, here on Amazon. I can cook up French fries, make mozzarella sticks, I can even dehydrate meat for my husband and all kinds of other recipes simple and easy. It came with a recipe book and all the parts that I needed to have a really good air frying experience. It cleans up nice too. Very satisfied with my purchase.
We bought 3 sets of these for our daughters to paint over the course of a few weeks. We then gifted them to our extended families at Christmas. The girls loved the craft, which made for good rainy day activities, and the grandparents expressed lots of appreciation for the thoughtful and useful gifts.
This cutting board is better than expected. It is the perfect size for all my needs and definitely of great quality. It is a hard wood and easy to clean.I love it and would definitely recommend to anyone in the market of purchasing cutting boards.
Great for, great ability to move around, even in carpet! No wear after a couple months.
The bowl was great! The spiny toy made the moment complete. Thank you!
Perfect size and speed for jewelry and glass art displays. Reviewed a few other similar devices and decided on this unit for size and price. Definitely satisfied, highly recommended.
AS described arrived in excellent condition
I love this crisp white teapot for making a smaller amount of tea - - for one or two people. I use it every day and it is easy to use and clean.
Bought it for 3 litre cooker. It doesn't fit. Initiated return. Don't buy for 3 LTE cooker..
I was milling cedar on my saw mill, with these filters rated for nuisance levels of organic vapors, i don't smell the cedar. Working great
More beautiful in person. Gave as Christmas gift using their anniversary date...they loved it! Would order again.
Love these! Perfect sizes. I had to order the middle size again on its own. They are perfect for most leftovers, cut up fruit. You can see through them and know what you got.
Great product and a great value! Very reasonably priced. My husband loves the quality.
Small and light, I like it very much.The operation is convenient and easy to understand.
I ordered 8 for my Groomsmen gift. So far so good for the ones who are using them. Gotta be careful, as the ship inside could snap loose if jared too hard. Only problems so far are the toppers. When you press them in, they want to pop back out from pressure.
Liked the product so much, I bought a second one for my son.
Works great--just what I needed
I've only used this one time so far but it worked like it's supposed to. Made a pretty good cup of coffee too.
The storage containers are amazing, the slot is convenient. My only gripe with it is that it's a bit clunky to clean, but I have a small/shallow apartment sink. That being said, it encouraged me to follow through on meal prep by having an irrational desire to fill the containers, sitting right below the board, just waiting to be packed and put in the fridge...
Love this heater. Warms our rec room and keeps it comphy. Rotates or stationary.
I hesitated ordering these, fearing that the glitter would look tacky. It's not. These flutes are lovely and very chic.
Used them for party favors held well and perfect for crafts, we put ribbons and decorations
I love using it and the color is really cute. I always get comments about it when I have it at work. Cute gift idea as well.
Like the colors and that they wont scratch pots and pans.
These are heavy-duty and the feet grip well.
I use this product for meats and it is the best!
This a great product, fragrance-free and made from a great quality!! it keeps fruits and vegetables neat and clean. The variety of sizes and colors is a big plus.
I was so surprised when I received my utensils! Each design is one of a kind and that makes me very excited! I was worried at first about how they would hold up to hot grease and heavy use, but they have help up so well! Not only are these very beautiful but they are extremely functional. I would definitely recommend to the manufacture to create ones with white spoons and end. I am very satisfied!!!!
My brother had these and they really do keep the lemons and purchased the lime as well longer and juicy. Plus easy to display for drinks. Great product.
Just received. The color purple is really nice
This Mortar and Pestle is really nice, heavy, and works well. Best one I'v ever owned.
I needed a replacement for the bags I have been using for well over 10 years. Perfect size and durable.
Great product at a fantastic price! Quality is 5 out of 5. I use mine primarily for bar tending. Salt foam and flavored whip cream come out perfectly. Thanks!
Definitely serves it's purpose in a low waste household 😁
All-In-All I like the product. Still learning what works best. Have tried with and without oil. First try without oil some of the popped corn was burned. I feel this is more a learning experience for me and not the fault of the popper. Nice size for storing. Very easy clean up. The user guide was a nice surprise. I recommend this product without reservation. It is easy to use, now that I have figured out timing and such. I would highly recommend
These are great! Require very hot soapy water to remove fatty foods.
These were a hit at the baby shower. Great product would definetly buy again.
Positive experience with this vendor, everything as promised. These knives are made extremely well and are equally attractive. They fit in the hand well and I have used them on beef, pork, veal, and chicken with excellent results. They have been through the dishwasher several times and there has been no issues. I would recommend these knives to anyone who asked. I would advise handling carefully because they are extremely sharp!
its a fork, not life changing, but it sure makes life easier when cooking bacon without scratching the griddle. and bacon is life changing, so . . . .
Heats water up fast, and the soft touch open and tall design mean it's easy to handle and pour. I really liked this model.
Fits my decor perfectly. My husband likes them too.
Hey, it's a hammer! Great for beating skinless chicken breast for breaded frying.
It makes great frothy milk, easy to use. And it's quieter than other frothers.
Amazing!! For perfect round eggs apply 3 seconds pressure before realising.
Everything you need to keep your espresso machine in good condition, and the delivery time was so fast!
A great bread slicer with a sleek look and folds easily for storage. I use a 10" bread slicer, which is probably the optimal size to use with this product, since it has a fairly wide width to accommodate bigger loaves of bread. Super fast shipping on this order!
No mess from boil over in the oven...
Great quality sharpener for a reasonable price! Has 3 different sharpener features and also includes instructions which were very helpful in determining how to use the sharpener. It easily made all my knives like new!
Great funny gift. Packaging is good.
Excellent item.Repeat buy. Original lasted many years but got careless & did not use common sense & broke a weld so bought the same unit.
Perfect and a great deal!!
This product was very well packaged and arrived in excellent condition. And we love it. It is so very easy to use and we have already used it a number of times. I would recommend this product to anyone and everyone.
Very cute, small packaging. Great for stocking stuffer!
excellent for what we wanted
These tea caddies arrived on time and in perfect condition. They look even better in person than they do on the site. I bought them as a gift, and the recipient loved them.
The 8 qt silicone lid/cover fit my pot perfectly. I did not have to do anything to it. No first time soaking. Glad I ordered it.
Works as directed and keeps food fresh longer!
loved the sharpener, nice handle made it easy to hang on too, was great for my husbands hunting knives.this is a great knife sharpener. ceramic knife sharpener quickly puts a sharp edge on knives I use for cutting vegetables.kitchen knife sharpener is an excellent value for the money.
Great product, I am sick of fighting my electric can opener. I have tried several brands of manual can openers and this is the best ! Attaches to the can with ease, stays on has a easy to turn key. Clean and smooth operation. Very sturdy but, not to heavy.
Love, has worked out great for work
Excellent product! Wish they had more colors & designs.
I've had them for a while now. Use them everyday and they're still sharp.
I purchased this coffee maker to replace my coffee maker at home I had for 5 yrs that was starting to leak. This machine is a really great one. Holds 12 cups, has permanent filter which was a must have for me as that is what am used to and it makes smoother better quality coffee that way. Works really well and is really easy to use out of the box. I would recommend it to anybody. Coffee has great flavor and keeps your coffee warm.
It's easy to use and you can open bottle with it
This is the first kettle I've ever owned so I have nothing to compare it too but I really like it. Really cute and love the color. Heats up quickly.
Works great. Gets hot on the outside. Be careful touching it.
Holes are small enough to strain cooked rice. Fits well over my pots and I use it to strain almost everything. It works much better than I expected and so easy to clean and store.
I bought these for my son's graduation party. They were perfect! Easy to open and close and large enough to cover the food. I would definitely recommend.
Love this! Holds tons of different knives and keeps everything looking clean and sleek. Bought this to replace our old wood block knives holder and love it.
I noticed you posted in Seller Feedback: “Love it!! Just what was needed and great price! Will buy again!”
Prompt shipping item as described. Thank you
These are amazingly strong reusable bags! I love the large size and cute prints. Please see photos, I have placed a bluray on top of the bags to give you an idea of their size. It's also really easy to fold them back into the attached pouches. I now always have a few of these in my purse!
My first dehydrator and it's working out really well.works great, easy to clean, great price。 The trays have been easy to clean so far, but I've only used it with apples, pears, and bananas -- might be a different story with other items. I keep it in the kitchen and run it while doing other stuff, watching TV, etc. Not terribly noisy, easy to ignore. I ignored everything in the booklet about pre-treatment -- I'm the only one eating my dried fruit, so I don't care if it's less attractive. I've also ignored the advice for long-term storage (letting the fruit "sweat" for a week to get rid of any remaining moisture), because I end up eating all of it within a couple of days!
Used it for my 86 years mom she broke her hip, much easier to sever her food.
Works great for measuring and looks nice in the kitchen
All Instant Pot products are great.
These arrived in perfect condition, the blue pattern is even without any bowls having lighter or darker hue. Quality verses dollars spent is excellent.
Now, this knife cuts through some thick crust artesian bread!
Knife works great,I can see why it's the Amazon best selling bread knife.
Excellent product very powerful motor
It is easy to use due to its faster heating. easy to operate. 12" is good for 2 people not too big or too small. It is a wonderful kitchen tool making crepe.
Love this opener. So much easier to use that a regular wine opener. I would recommend this item.
I bought this for my mom for mother's day and she is in love. She was due for an upgrade and now she has a sleek chrome finish for her coffee maker and she says that her coffee tastes delicious!
The pans are very easy to clean - they still looks like new today. However, I do not put them in the dishwasher - some pots simply take away a lot of space due to its size and can be washed very easily by hand in 2 minutes. I would buy again anytime!
Seriously, glass and stainless steel is the way to go in my opinion!! It's durable, easy to clean, timeless, and now lives in its specific spot ready for usage. I filled it with black bendable straws, which looks classic for my style. Husband loves the bendable straws and displays an expression identifiable from childhood everytime he grabs one. We seriously adore this item based on function, durability and appearance. A few reviews complain about the base of the stainless holder not holding straws correctly BUT we don't have any issues at all!! You lift the lid, grab a straw and close the lit, period. When you fill the holder, just make sure the straws are seated in the straw base as you fill it to capacity, it's not a challenging process!!. Maybe I just don't understand or experience the issue noted by a few, but that's me. If I needed an additional straw dispensers, I'd purchase again. Outstanding!!
This is the third or fourth one of these we have installed in our kitchens over the years. It is an ideal solution for keeping your knives out of the way, but available...
I love my sets of Mystic Grey. We just moved into a new house and it matches so well.
lightweight stainless whisks that are exactly what I wanted at a reasonable price
My boyfriend was excited to try these out. Work great. I should have bought less bright colors in his opinion but I love the colors.
Product is as described - very well made !
Great,the same as picture
I absolutely love these drinking cups. They're so cute! And my kids think they're so fun to mix and match their straws and lids. They're easy for little hands to hold, don't leak, and super easy to clean. And the customer service is primo - one of the cups were broken when my package arrived, but was replaced immediately when i wrote the company a message. Amazing! I would definitely recommend these.
Great value and won't stain like some other ones did. I bought these for my cooking class and they work perfectly. They are normal size - not mini and not large. Just right.
The product is accurate, very solid and stable. It was sent with good packaging, honestly glad I went with this one over some others I had seen. Easy to read, several different ways to read as well. If your looking for an inexpensive hydrometer that works it's worth picking up.
Brilliant product. Works well and excellent design.
Purchased 2 sets for bigger dehydration projects. These are more dependable then the trays that came with the dehydration machine.
Good product for what I wanted it for. Everything is as described. Very nice decorative piece.
It was a gift I gave to someone but they seemed to like the appearance.
It looks great on the wall. Nice quality piece. Great addition to my bar area. Like leaving bottle caps stuck to have some character. Mounted with supplied hardware into drywall. Feels sturdy. Well packaged.
Im using these for halloween soap accents they work well good quality fast shipping
It is compact and easy to store when you don't need it.
Look out. I've used these for several years and the colors are no longer red, dark blue, yellow and dark purple. I received neon green, orange, aqua blue and fuchsia pink. Dark purple was okay for my little guy, but bright pink isn't going to work. Will either have to use one old car from last school year or order another set to have four. I put two under a yumbox and two on top in a lunchbox. Others are right about not staying cold long, but works great to keep non perishable items cold.
Cards are heavy duty and good quality. Can't wait to use them at the baby shower !!
Best coffee. It drips a little after but no biggie
It was fast to put up and sturdy to hang multiple mouse
Love these lunch bags. They have saved hundreds of plastic bags from the landfill. They last forever (only buying more because we've lost them). I dislike cleaning them, but they are easy to clean because they stay open well during scrubbing. Highly recommend.
I use it for my dinner everyday at work. I liked it so well I bought one for my husband. He loves it to, with all the compartments. Great bag!
but it's definitely a great pan. great heat distribution, perfect for making a couple days worth of tamagoyaki.
I bought these for a toddler class that I teach as well as for my own child and they are exactly what was promised. The price is great and the scarves have great bright colors.
Very easy to use and cuts almost all veggies. We love it!
Quick easy eggs and easy fast cleanup
Smell a little when you get it but this thing is definitely high quality
My wife picked this up and she loves it. To keep the wording, she washes it by hand. It holds a pint of beer well.
It is so easy to use and cleaning was so easy. Right size for my pots too.
I used several types of sponge holders over the years and my family preferred this particular design b/c it does not accumulate less dirt and there is less cleaning surface if you do need to clean it once a while.
Well made and easy to use. So happy I finally got one!
They have thought of a lot of different labels that I have in my house that most people don't. I have bought a few other brands and this is the best I have used. One thing it is missing is buckwheat flour(since I make pancakes it it) but they do send extra stickers for you to right your own label if you need to which is a plus. Its a great product.
Researched Keurig machines after mine started to die and Consumer Reports rated this one the best so that was good enough for me! Love the looks and the quality of this machine! Looks like a new machine, other than the plain-ish packaging everything is like a brand new machine!
Perfect for cold brew coffee
This cup is really nice and it keeps things cold for a long time!!! Ice even stays for a whole day!
These are really nice
Great quality love this product
I'm super happy making a change on not wasting plastic
Really impressed with the quality of the grinders. Will definitely recommend to others.
We love it- Quick ,small volume, Home made. So much to love.
they are great for the money and are really easy to use.
Good quality set,especially the whisk. I own another matcha whisk and this is a higher quality and sturdier whisk!
This unit seems to work great. I would only recommend that they work a little on the instructions. The writing is so small that I had to use a magnifying glass to read it. We got this unit for our Class C RV to check brake temps during travel. We have not used it yet but I'm sure it will work.
Nice length and hand feel. Great for milk shakes and iced coffee/tea. I will probably order another set!
These are working great. Fill them fully though to ensure best results.
The non stick is amazing with these. Easy to clean and use, they feel great. Love them
Great product could be use for a variety oh things . I use it to pack meals for the week. Just missing the lids but will manage.
Very big and the perfect weight. I love the look of them. I hope they hold up! Only time will tell.
Came in a day and a half, Fit just the way they should , will use this again for my lid needs
We use one for powdered sugar and the other for popcorn seasoning. They are perfect!
These worked great for holding liquor in a lightweight container. I used these to pack tequila on a kayaking trip where traveling lightweight was very important.
Matches description. Looks very good.
Awesome French press for coffee! This works very well! Comes with extra mesh screens. Perfect coffee every time! Very simple to use and easy to clean!
Better price and better product than the one I had from pampered chef which broke.
Excellent product, works as described and came well before time . My wife loves it !
I love this thing. So glad I bought it. Easy to use and makes great rice.
Disposable cutlery reminds me of my previous employer and is not cost-effective and is "disposable." Half the time, I would find the plastic cutlery breaking on me. This portable cutlery set is amazing! The utensils are durable, convenient, easy to clean, and better for the environment. Thank you!
These came very quickly, with perfect packaging. Thanks again.
This is such a great decanter set. I cannot believe how nice it is for how reasonably priced it was. Definitely worth the money.
I reviewed the feedback and helpful review videos on this product to make the choice for a grinder. I went with the white one and It arrived as advertised. It works great!!! Makes a great cup of french press coffee. Even grind and simple to operate. This is a very well made product! This was a great choice.
This knife block looks great. It also helped me consolidate all of my knives and shears that didn't fit in my previous block.
I really love bird designs on anything, and these were the perfect ones I've been looking for. Thanks so much.
I LOVE dragonflies, and when I saw this travel mug, I knew that I had to get it! It's the perfect size, and easily fits in the cup-holder in the car. It keeps my coffee warm for about 2-3 hours which is great. It's not microwave safe, or dishwasher safe; but I'm fine with that. The colors are very vibrant, I get compliments on it every time I bring it to work with me. Another bonus is that it has a non-slip bottom, I'm prone to knocking over drinks on my desk, so the non-slip bottom helps to avoid that! Overall, I love this cup and will continue to use it as often as possible!
Someone recommended this to me and it does keep your drink cold in the ice from melting. I bought the largest size and that is difficult for me to hold. I bought two of them in two different colors and the purple one was textured and the blue one was smooth. I'm not sure the description tells you that.
My son who is obsessed with cars loves these! I haven't made cookies yet but cut out some pancakes and he was over the moon for them.
Great for all sorts of herbs and beans!
Bought this as a gift for my brother. The quality is really good.
Just what the cake needs. Doing excellent work. easy to use. I liked.
Use these all the time! Both for pulling stuff out of the oven and for putting hot dishes at the table for dinner. Easy to clean and don't take up much space
Works exactly how I wanted it to.
Water stays cold all day and these still fit well in my car's cup holder. Good product!
I have a power air fryer oven and these fit perfectly! Love it!
Works as shown, super easy to use. Got great results.
have not used yet but nice
The wine openers are very durable and great quality! They are going to make great Christmas stocking stuffers, especially for wine lovers. They come in a 4 pack so there are lots to go around, especially when you're having a party are in need of a wine opener!
They are great and a nice mix of what you need. I like that I didn't have a ton of knives leftover and no forks. They are strong and the mixed amounts worked great for my party. Glad they sell it this way.
Very happy with my purchase
I love this. I've had several cordless vacuums over the years and this by far is the best. Picks up just about everything, including cat hairs. Easy to empty as well. Hand vacuum is easy to remove and put back.
I had low expectations based on other reviews of this item. I just tried it out and it's pretty awesome. Be slightly careful on carrying and placing into freezer, but other than that it's Fantastic! I am sending a set to my son.
Nice and sturdy. Well made. Great value!
I have to say, I have never used wraps like these before but I am in love. They are easy to use and also help in environment as well. The mess bags are great for when I go grocery shopping or even to the park and we need to pack snacks. Love all the different sizes as well.
Exactly what I wanted
We bought these straws and they are working great. my wife didnt want stainless steel staws because the kids may impale themselves. Well this fits the bill. just becareful about the straw holes in some of the steel cups. some are to small for tese straws but my kids love the colors and texture. definetly buy. no more buying straws all the time.
solves my purpose perfectly, keeps the water hot/warm, no leakage.
Bought this for my In-laws who have a portable bar and love to entertain . They said this has been their best one yet . It doesn't leak , keeps the drinks cold and easy to clean . It comes with so many different items for bar tending and measuring the different types of ingredients for the mixed drinks . It was a great price and the perfect gift set ! So many accessories for a first timer too . I can see this being a great gift for someone who wants to start learning to bartend and make drinks .. or just someone who e joys entertaining .
Very cool little thing that works well
Have been using everyday twice a day. Lid is already torn on a side 1/2 a slit on it. But I'm enjoying it
This is exactly what I was looking for, great for meal prepping and the sauce cups are the perfect portion for salad dressings or sauces. Very happy with my purchase!!
I love this product. It was easy to use and I love the baby blue color. I will definitely order more and give them to all my friends. I look forward to making more healthy creations.
This is the second Bunn Coffee pot I've had. Coffee's done in about 3 minutes, makes good coffee. The last one I bought lasted me several years, I wouldn't have any other coffee pot!!! Shipping was on time. Package was not damaged.
These were a life saver with hot temps and fruit & veggie trays! Lots of compliments on these as they kept the food cool & fit perfectly on the table!
Exactly what I wanted. Great quality.
Love this mug! I have a black mason jar mug. I really pleased with purchase of the second one. They style of this is cute and fun! This is absolutely lovely and I always enjoy drinking my tea. Good quality!
I have actually been looking for a more sturdy lunch container, and this does the trick! It's sleek and looks good too as I pull out my lunch. :) Great quality for the price.
Exceeded my expectations!! Beautifully crafted and perfect fit!!
Works perfect in my 8 quart elite pressure cooker.
I bought this because my Chemex (2 cup, their smallest and about the same capacity as this) broke after a little slip while washing it in the sink. I had found that the Chemex was, despite its nice wood 'neck' piece, quite awkward to hold without touching the very hot glass. So I thought I'd give the Bodum a try, and I'm so happy I did. The metal mesh filter is so easy to use and clean The cork neck (with leather tassle) is very ergonomic and comfortable It makes a great cup of coffee* It is very attractive Environmentally friendly (no filters to throw out... and use the grinds for composting) *Note: It is really only good for one person or maybe two if you use really small mugs. Hope this helps!
Awesome kit. highly Recommend
I bought this for my boyfriend who loves anything Harley. I was pleasantly surprised at how heavy duty it felt. Considering the price, it was a great deal! He uses his mug everyday!
The mug keeps liquid hot on its own very well. The heater plate works great. Gets liquid very very hot!
Very light. But I used them for my business and put heat transfer vinyl on them and they turned out great! Would like different colors though.
I really liked it! excellent !!!!!
Nice heave 14" cast iron round griddle. I have used it for pizza - preheat first either in oven or grill. And I have baked fruit tarts on it (on parchment) and used it on the stove top for pancakes and griddle items. You could leave it on one of your burners and use it several times during the day. Even cooking eggs/bacon. Handles for easy lifting.
So far I am in love!! This French press is the best I have used!! It is good quality, and easier to clean than others are.
This set is the perfect addition to my Instant Pot. Everything is high quality. It's exactly what I needed to get the most use of out my Instant Pot.
I love that they're magnetic and dual sided
I bought these (I bought 2) because I have limited space and a big family. They are perfect. Not too tall or bulky. Perfect for us!
I was pleasantly surprised when I recieved these bags to see how big they were. They held a lot and of good quality.
Good size and heavy duty.
I love how it works, how easy it is to switch bw diff units. I use it all the time.
Loved all the things inside. I got this as A gift for my daughter-in-law and she was thrilled. All of products are quality and the box is priced right.
Great price, fast delivery. Perfect for my needs.
So cute! Looks like an old school pin up dress! Very sexy to wear alone while cooking for your partner
It could be a tad smaller, works like a charm
A great addition to my office space! I always tend to sip slowly on my coffee and the coffee gets colder after time. Instead of warming the coffee up in the microwave, this coffee cup warmer will keep me from having to make those trips. It does a great job. I like the auto shut off feature. This would be a great office gift for your coworkers, family or friend. I would definitely recommend.
Simple design that sites exactly what is meant to do. Snake fish. I went through thirty pan fish in thirty minutes. Snaking and gutting. Great tool. Buy two so your friends can help.
These are really nice, sturdy bags for a great price! Perfect size, too. I was definitely pleasantly surprised when they arrived.
These containers hold a good amount of food. They are very thick and sturdy. I love the little set of silverware that is held in the lid.
Great product will recommend..First time using these and had a great experience kept my fruits fresh, it's also really affordable.. If you haven't tried these do so ASAP best product
I already let them fall a couple of times and still good
I bought this for making cheesecake! Works great for making a steam cooked cheesecake. Google recipes for them. I also tried making rice in one stack, chicken in the other and it came out great. Definitely a good tool for the kitchen! Remember to add water to your steamer cooker!!
Great product and deliver on time. My family love the takoyaki ball cooked from it! Easy to use and wash.
I love this oil mister.So far it works great. This helps so much in getting just enough oil on my food but not to much. Thanks for a great product.
The girls really loved their glasses. The bride gave them to her bridesmaids as part of their gift. They were stready but at the same time flexible enough to fit in a small hand bag.
My husband made fun of me of getting this. One day I was draining some veggies with this little guy and went to the other room for a moment. Two minutes later I hear my husband cackling from the kitchen. I walked him to find him doubled over, laughing to tears, pointing at the sink where this little guys eyes were poking out. Now my husband says it's the best purchase I ever made! Work great!
Matches dishes from Costco perfectly
These containers are just what you need for meal planning. Cook on the weekend and make meal portions for the entire week. Freezer and dishwasher safe. Stacks easily for storage.
These are my wife's favorite knives. They are super sharp and if they chip you can just send them back to the company and they will sharpen them for you.
This thing works great. I've never filled capsules before. The sheer cost savings and safety of DIY capsule filling pushed me to buy this product. I buy my supplements in bulk. Buying bottled supplements is a rip off and you can't be 100% sure that they aren't using fillers or practicing safe handling. There could be anything in there. I shook the bottom caps in, only 3 were upside down. Pressed on the spring loaded tray to get them to raise up, the grabbed them with the tweezers to flip. Easy. Took 10 min to fill 100 caps and snap the tops on. Done and done. I'm filling with coral calcium, MSM and another batch was tumeric extract. Works like a champ. Directions were good. I'm retired military so the clear and direct instructions were great. For efficiency, buy caps that are pre seperated. I didn't, but sat and watched TV the night before and seperated them out. I only saved a few bucks buying the non seperated caps. So maybe spend a few bucks more and save yourself some time. If your looking for a fast capsule filler, this is it. Just buy it. Its worth every penny. Hats off to this company for a great product.
I felt compelled to write a review about these despite lack of free time because I feel like there are a disproportionate number of bad reviews that could dissuade others from a really great product. I originally found this brand/style canister from walmart and bought a few to keep snacks accessible for my preschooler on the bottom pantry shelf. I bought them because they were easy to open and close for little hands, and you can pretty much throw them across a room and they stay intact (mom approved). The unexpected thing I loved about them was how the food always stayed fresh. Nothing got stale in these things. At some point my pantry acquired a moth infestation, and these containers were the only thing the damn moths couldn't get into. For months I tried to get rid of the moths and nothing was working. So I finally decided to just buy LOTS more of these snapware canisters and put everything from my pantry into them, in an attempt to get the moths under control. (Cereal, pasta, nuts, flours, sugar all of it). I couldn't find them at walmart anymore so I bought two of these sets from amazon. YES the rubber seals were wonky-looking right out of the package, but as soon as I put them on the lids and screwed the lids in, the rubber seals straightened out and sealed into place. I don't know what you people are doing wrong but the seals work fine. You must be taking one look at them out of the box and getting disgruntled and returning before even trying to fit them on properly (which isn't hard). After washing them and putting all my foodstuffs in them, I haven't seen a single moth flying around the pantry. After a months' long battle with them, the problem was solved overnight. I was so happy I ordered a third set because there were still a few items in my pantry that were in bags. The third set was great too, seals were all fine. I just came on here to order a fourth set, and decided to take the time to write this review because despite what some others are saying, these work GREAT. Yes, the plastic is thinner than it is on some of the other more expensive products, HOWEVER, I consider this to be an advantage. Why? Go pull out one of your thick, hard plastic tupperware containers, go outside and throw it like a football into your street. You know what will likely happen? It will crack. If you throw one of these lighter canisters it would likely just bounce off the ground and remain intact because of the slight flexibility in the plastic (my small children have tested my theory and it holds). In short, great pantry food storage solution at a decent price. You're welcome.
Product was just as described. Perfect gift for a big birthday. Thanks!
Great buy. Quality knife.
These beverage dispensers worked great in my Farmhouse Style Laundry Room. Word of caution, do not use this for your Clorox. After several days the Clorox molded. I ordered 3 jars. All were great and not broken, except one had a dented top, but it still worked and looked fine after a little banging on the top. :-) They make doing laundry very fun.
Simple and genius. Wish I had one of these a long time ago!!
Nice and sturdy...great that there are various sizes. Very convenient for food storage and to pack up leftovers for people to take after a party.
Nice quality glass mug, was a great Father's Day gift! My son was really excited to give it to me.
I really like this ice tray. Easy release. I may be ordering 4 more.
Handle is easy on the hand....Wonderful product....
Just as described! Very nice quality and I can use it for my next child!
Love using these with my food saver, and got a killer deal on Prime Day!
Just what I wanted and no leaky spout!
Good quality and size. Screen right mesh for skimming soups
Amazing purchase. It's very roomy inside and well insulated. Totally recommended it!!
nice and compact. looks good. i can fit two tupperwares inside here
Like just about every OXO product I've ever owned, it's well-made and highly functional.
My mom loves it a lot! It is super high quality and looks so good too! It is very easy to use for her! Highly recommended!
This product is AMAZING! Don't pass this item up! Their customer service is extremely fast and VERY helpful.
I originally bought these frog molds to make chocolate frogs for a Harry Potter themed party. The frogs were a big hit and very easy to remove from the molds. Good definition on the chocolate frogs. I have also used for both ice and jello.
This kettle is very easy to use and it is very portable. It boils in a few minutes. Best to make cup noodle and hot cocoa. Bought this for my daughter to be used in her dorm. She likes it very much!
exactly what I needed for my kiddos lunches. No leaks, good seal, and enough bags for sandwiches, chips, snacks, fruit, veggies, etc. overall pleased with this item.
Gave these as gifts to nieces and nephews, all were happy.
they are easy to clean and durable
This is a nice set, with labels and marker. Glass is very nice, perfect for counter top. Very responsive seller.
This review is sponsored by Sistema. I love theses salad storage containers for preparing and bringing lunch with me on the go! The separate compartments are perfect for keeping salad crisp and love having a container for my salad dressing!
These bags were exactly what I was looking for! Perfect size and very good quality.
Having owned a coffee shop and accustomed to good espresso, this machine and the coffee is everything you can get at a good coffee shop. The little aeroccino milk frother makes perfect foam every time. This was such a great deal I highly recommend it!
I love this styling, and goes with everything I already have.
These were a gift so I really don't know how good they are but the person I gave them to likes them.
Had a set of these for ourselves. Loved them so much bought daughter one of each piece. Good color selection. Used daily, and held up for almost 2 years.
This product meets my needs perfectly. I really like how there is NO spillage from one compartment to another.
It is a great recorder. Portable size, slim body, easy to carry in your pocket.Recording sound quality is good. Very easy to use. The recordings are done in WAV format, and they can easily be transferred by the included cable to a computer or other device.The recordings can be listened to on the recorder itself. It has plenty of space 8GB to record many hours
The product delivers Exactly what they described
Ordered a good bit of these and all of them worked perfectly
This press works really well. I use it every few weeks to make soft tacos or homemade chips. It's only downfall is not being able to make really thin tortillas, but my wife and I like the slightly thicker corn tortillas it makes. If you're looking to make paper thin tortillas I'd say invest in a nicer press. If you're just wanting to make your own tortillas occasionally, this works great.
Great product. Already using few time a week. Very good quality and great design.
What we have always been looking for......an ice cream scoop that works on hard frozen ice cream !!!
Perfect little lunch and snack cups. Keeps cold foods cold longer and washes up super easy. Lids are still super secure 2 months of daily use later! After years of wasting my money on cheaper snack cups so glad I found these!
A nice hand mixer for the money.
I love it! It works perfectly for the office and makes more than enough coffee.
Really like the sizes and how many are in the package. They also have a draw string with a bead to close them tight. Excellent value. Really like them.
Can't believe how good this coffee tastes: I grind the beans myself and pour over the hot water. It is so mellow and smooth tasting. The coffee maker is so easy to clean and fits on my various mugs and cups perfectly.
Bought the 4 pk for my mom. She absolutely loves them! She tells me all the time (every single time...seriously) random people even the baggers compliment how they love her shopping bags. My sister is even jelly about them. Would buy again. Great product 👍🏻
Allows the barista to generate the exact same amount of tamping pressure every time IF they stop increasing downward force as soon as the spring starts to give way. If you let the handle get all the way to the bottom of it's travel, then all bets are off and this does the same thing any tamper does. Consistent tamping is critical when dialing in your grind. If your tamping pressure changes even a little, it will have significant impact on the pull and will become an unpredictable variable when you are trying to get the grind setting just right. This tamper will take that variable out of your equation, allowing you to focus solely on either dose or grind until you get things perfect. Then it will keep that tamping pressure the same so you don't lose that perfect shot you worked so hard to get. It's solidly made, polishes the puck well with a smooth flat bottom. The handle is reasonably ergonomic and feels good.
Fits great in lunchbox!
Works! Had to tighten fittings, no big deal.
Wish it was cheaper but good product
Perfect size and good quality.
The top is a perfect fit for my Ozark 30 oz. Tumbler!! And the straws are just the right size; not too short or tall!! I would recommend this to anyone!!
Got these for use while doing grocery delivery service. Awesome size and insulation. Clean and bright color!
This machine is perfect: it does exactly what I need it to do in the mornings with my bagel.
You get 250 pieces which is way less than the picture represents. I estimate there are 59 rows of 35 magnets in the picture (over 2000 which is 10 times the amount you will get). Apart from the misleading picture the magnets are strong enough for their purpose given their size.
Great product. As described, worked great for my party
Item was just what o needed to host a breakfast. Worked great at keeping food warm.
Loved this, as described and is in very nice packaging if you are giving as a gift.
Tried the variety pack to give the ""no plastic"" wrap a try and determine what size would be most useful. After using them for a couple months the medium size is my most used but truly enjoy the flexibility of the large size. The wraps are very easy to use and work like a charm. So glad to have found a product the is exactly as promised! Simply cover or wrap your item and a little bit of heat from your hand molds the cover in place and best part is it stays put! Even after placing the item in the refrigerator. Will be purchasing more soon!!!
Perfect for my single servings. And even dessert for two when both of us are camping.
As shown and as expected. Very pretty, Not to big... Not to small.
I originally ordered this to make oil free taco shells in the microwave. It doesn't work well for that though because the tortillas get soft and fold into themselves. They really need to hang upside down to work, so I got something else that does it that way. BUT, it's a great little rack for holding your taco shells while filling and serving. I always eat four, so if you turn it upside down it will hold four.
Wonderful product. I like that I dont have to use the plastic produce bags from the store and I can help our environment out!
Great product. My daughter loves it.
works on my Christmas lights that's all that matters, can change times real easy.
Works very well. Easy clean up.
I'm a single man and this fits my lifestyle perfectly.
I wasn't sure about it,but after reading the reviews I have decided to buy it,and it is great, we re been using every weekend, also got lots of complements, the meat tastes great,it get hot easily, totally recommended. We live in a condo,so we couldn't have a gas or charcoal one. But I am glad for that:)
Amazing set of pots and pans! You can't beat the value! This is the best set we have owned in our 11 years of marriage.
This is great stuff. Light, attractive, and durable.
I love this pizza stone, arrived in decent wrapping, and the stone itself looks like the ones in Italian restaurants, it comes with a round pizza cutter and a rack/ holder, which make it even better.
Works great! Really softens corn tortillas
It was smaller than I expected but it definitely gets the job done.
bought this for my instant pot!! Love it. Works well and no more aluminum foil slings. Fast shipping
I totally love this product!!
I am sold! Even ordered a second one. I kePT "losing" the bottom pans because I had to leave it under the cheesecake and often these cake are gifts. Because the bottom of the pan fits the cheesecakes people tend to throw it away after finishing the cakes. This one is larger than the ring and has handles so the "tray" gets returned! Basically, brilliant (AND IT DOESN'T LEAK!)
Works great! You have to purchase pods online which can be a drag but not a reason to avoid purchasing. Makes delish' coffees! Buy it!
I purchased this based this tumbler with high expectations and it did not disappoint! It kept our drinks super cold on hot 95 degree days for 8+ hours on a construction site. The bright and fresh exterior colors and finish also help up really well under rough conditions. Excited to be able to use it during the winder months.
I bought mine mainly to use as an ice cube tray. I wanted something to make larger ice cubes for fruit punch and this did the trick. Very happy with the purchase.
New and as described
Nice solid sturdy glasses. Perfect combination of sizes of glasses. Great value and quality. I have been having a hard time finding inexpensive durable drinking glasses. This one fits the bill.
We love it! It looks amazing and is large enough for all our treats.
I have to say I am pleasantly surprised by this blender. I ordered it as a replacement while my Vitamix was being repaired so that I could continue to make my morning smoothie. I was amazed at how easy it is to use and clean. Even though I have my Vitamix back I have continued to use this for making smoothies!
I've had this for several months so far. I use it during the week for several hours at a time. I have it under my desk and it's perfect for keeping my work area warm.
The glass pitcher holds up 68 ounces of liquid and can contain both hot and cold beverages. Some of the beverages are hot and iced tea, water and many different juices. If you want to make a hot beverage it is supposed to be stove top safe, since it's heat resistant. I have tried out this claim on the stove top and used it with low heat to brew some tea for my breakfast. The pitcher was able to withstand the low heat and didn't break nor crack. I have to say that one thing I love about the pitcher besides it being glass is that it has a strainer in the lid to keep tea leaves and even the pulp from going into your cup especially if you don't want it. The stainless steel lid is also good for having the liquid you choose to put in the pitcher stay inside and not leak out. I would recommend this pitcher for anyone who is looking a for a pitcher that is drip free, made of good glass and has a lid with a strainer. It keeps your juice or whatever drink you decide to have in there clean and messy free.
I'm very happy with this product!
Good product. Does what it is supposed to do. We use it daily and so far is holding up just fine.
Very pretty. Good size and quality.
Wonderful set of bowels from the non slip bottoms to the lids and graters. Perfect sizes for keeping two loaves of homemade bread dough in refrigerator overnight and left in to rise the next morning. These bowels were kept busy Christmas Eve and day for making big meals.
This is perfect for my pans -- I have it sideways as it was too high for my cabinet. It is great having the pans very organized and in one place.
Best wooden tray on Amazon. Buy this tray set if you're gonna buy a quality tray from Amazon.
Gave as gift to a friend, who adores it. Very efficient little herb grinder, beautifully engineered, fits in palm of hand.
We just started using the juicer and I absolute love it. It's exactly what I hoped it would be. Very heavy duty. Highly recommend!
This is easy to use, easy to clean and makes adorable waffles!
Purchase to use as stemless wine glasses for pur bar. Perfect! Non breakable
Received these in perfect condition. They were very well packaged
I have a 40 oz RTIC tumbler and, full of water, it gets heavy and is generally easier to grab with a handle on it. As of this writing RTIC does not yet make a handle for their 40 oz tumblers. I bought the grey. It fits perfectly, seems well built and is true to color.
The lemon squeezer is very sturdy and I love the color of it.
Love this product. Great for grating zest, nuts, etc. Like the protective cover.
Once you get the opener in place it works just fine. It takes some juggling at times to get the opener on the can.
I bake brea for the first time and it came out Perfect
Looks durable and well made
Beautiful, as all their pieces are, in my humble opinion.
The tablecloths arrived in time .The plastic tablecloths will be used at a 90th birthday party next week.Although these were quite flimsy and you had to be careful when putting them on a table .But easy to clean.It is very convenient for this large event.Having said that they were not expensive.
We needed a new knife set, and this one is awesome! The knives are sturdy and sharp. They handle well and clean up easily.
Perfect waffles every time with no mess.
It looks great and my champagne glasses look beautiful in it!
perfect for the occasion
I've only had it for a few days now but we've already used them multiple times. Fits perfectly in the kids' lunch boxes.
Just like Alton brown's kosher salt holder on good eats!
Great for fast paced mornings with kids!
Love this pan so far and that it's oven safe
All of our friends love this set and are ordering their own
This is an awesome product! It is simple to use, well constructed and makes squeezing lemons a breeze. I wish I would have purchased this product a long time ago! My husband even loves to use it. All of the juice and none of the seeds. It is also helpful with the arthritis in my hands.
Just got them, and I love them. While they are a little hard to pull a part at first and the slider can be a little snug, they work great for storage. Plus, little fingers can get into them. lol They clean easily too.
This product has literally been a lifesaver. No more chopping by hand, throw your onion in, press Down and you've got a chopped onion.
I used these to do personalized cutting boards for family members and they love them!
I bought these for my friend as I broke one of her wine glasses on New Years and she loves them. She says they make her feel so fancy.
This spice rack is bigger than expected which was awesome! Great space saving design. Freed up my cabinet space for the more bulky items. The material is like a solid metal so it's very sturdy and not exactly lightweight. It's super easy to install too. 5 stars!
We powder coated them for customers. Worked great. Thank you!
Really cute but DO NOT put in dishwasher!
Good quality and great customer service! I bought one for myself and used the coupon code to by one for my boyfriend to get him one after I got him an Instant pot :)
I have had this for a couple years now and it is still great. No scratches, chips or rust
Before seeing a friend home this one, home also orders, just received today, open the trial, use it to steam fish, super easy to use
These worked well and look great in the bar I made
Love this! Nice size and durable! I had a plastic one same size, I dropped it one too many times and cracked. I love this one and the purple is so pretty. Easy to clean.
These are great containers for box cookies and k cups and also great because they're stackable
I love these ice cube trays! I will never go back to the plastic ones that I had to crack and pry the ice out of! I love that I can just push from the bottom of the cube and it works like a charm! No more plastic trays breaking in my hands EVER!!
Always wanted one of these butter holder cows. He looks cute in my kitchen. Arrived on time.
Doesn't move or fall over whether the roll is full or getting small.
I like that one side is clear. Works great on my machine. Purchased multiple
Dont use it for drinks,the person I bought this for, just has it on show with the his collection. Beautiful cup
Loved them! They were a perfect gift for a dear friend!
When cutting things with a sharp knife you want to make sure your cutting board stays in place for safety and these boards deliver. there are two rings on anti slip rubber on the bottom, one inside and one outside and they not only provide anti-slip but also a very nice sturdiness to the boards. The material is dishwasher safe and are a nice thickness.
Had to make 200 cupcakes for a school event. They worked great for it and make it so much easier!
This is snaller pan. Perfect size to heat up a couple pieces of pizza or 8 or so cookies. Has a nice easy to clean finish.
I had lot of high end cookware as a bachelor, and I was fully committed to it. I bought the T-Fal 10 piece set when I started to teach my kids how to cook and I have never regretted the decision. The pans heat nicely and NOTHING sticks to them. (Well, at least when you wash them. Eggs stick when you're cooking without any oil sometimes.) The finish is super durable. But I also don't thrash on them with metal utensils. (Wood & plastic only at my house.) I DO use a metal whisk ALL OF THE TIME in them with no ill effects. If you have reasonable expectations this cookware will serve you well. If you're expecting the same performance that you get with high-end stuff, you're: A) Delusional B) Not so very smart. C) A super cheapskate.
Saves money on coffee purchase, and biodegradable. Better for the environment.
I'm really loving these for packing my lunches and bringing to work! No more disposable bags or rummaging through Tupperware and finding matching lids. These clean easily and are perfect!
Great product! Has so many different options for a variety of chopping needs. Works great, easy to put together and so simple to use. It makes meal prepping for the week a breeze. The best feature is the container underneath, to help avoid the mess while chopping. Definitely money well spent.
I bought these as a gift for a my dad, who is a total star wars nerd and loves to have a big ice cube in his drink at night. When they showed up I was a little nervous they would leak all over my freezer and the death star wouldn't show up, but these are AMAZING! The detail on the ice is incredible, and I am so excited to give these to him for Christmas! Make sure you dont fill them all the way or they will overflow a little, it otherwise these were totally worth the money!
Bought these for sister-in-law at Christmas , she loves them . Good even cooking and easy to clean .
I use it to make smoothies
Just right for my glasses to move.
I tested with items that I have weights for, and the scale was right each time. I did have to play around a bit to zero out after placing a bowl on the scale. This is a great feature..
Beautiful box, would buy again !
I used a French press until I discovered the ease of pour-over and even easier clean up! This is so beautiful and sturdy! I'm sure you will love it like I do!
New lunch bag and it work well. Keep my food cold inside at all time. Normally I don't use lunch bag but got this and I like so far.
This product is worth every penny just for the laughs!!!
Simply the best and easiest way to remove corks. Completely simple and intuitive to use, cleanly removes the corks. Would do it no other way! The built in foil cutter is very handy as well. Have bought several as gifts.
They are great.Really exceeds my expectations.
Good quality. I was adding to an old set and these matched perfectly.
I like product. I using everyday- not sticky at all, no oil needed when you toasting sandwiches. Recommend it
Perfect for my 6 year old. Don't have to supervise while she uses her iPad now. Very durable
Husband says it makes great coffee and it fits in with our stainless kitchen nicely. Wasn't looking for bells and whistles so this one was perfect for me.
I was a little nervous after reading some of the other reviews, but I had another pan from this company so I tried it anyway. I am glad I did. I love the pan! I read some reviews of warping etc but I have not experienced that at all. Since receiving the pan I have used it about 12-15 times. There are no signs of warping, the surface remains in great shape and minimal oil is needed on the pan due to the non-stick surface. I am quite pleased
Nice the product has a good grip handle. As I have hand pain. Makes grip non painful.
Works great!! Tricked my family just last weekend with an old family recipe that is supposed to marinate for 10 hours. Used the vacuum tumbler for 20 min and you couldn't tell a difference!
I have never used it before, but now I use it everywhere in a kitchen like crazy)) Especially I like how it works with meat, very helpful thing.
There is a world of difference between this griddle and the typical $10-15 version. Cooking is so much more even on a standard stove top burner, so the quality of output is much higher without having to rotate things around to get somewhat even cooking. Much frustration and extra effort is saved by this griddle. If you use a griddle frequently, don't hesitate to buy this over a cheaper version. You will not regret it If you don't use a griddle all that frequently, but have the funds to spend on premium items to make small improvements to your life, this is a winner in that situation also.
This is bit more expensive than the others on the site but worth it. I like the ability to put it into the microwave to warm the water and keep the infuser in the sink.
This peeler works like a dream!! I'm so happy I have them!!
Its like using the right tool for the job.
Bought a new coffee pot and the store I bought it from didn't stock the filter. I ordered these online and had them the next day.
Lasted for less than a year, hard to fill a d clean due to limited opening lid. Not happy at all. Update the base unit is the problem, the kettle is fine. I am very irritated with myself for not registering the unit at the time of purchase. Amazing service, I like the design and price so I ordered another. This time I registered my warranty and Meuller has offer a refund without be asked. Wonderful service
Works as expected. Sliced up my bread maker loaf very nicely. Comes apart easily for storage. Only issue was it was made in China.
I should have ordered these silicone baking mats a LONG time ago! I was using parchment paper and it was very frustrating working with the paper trying to get cookies off the cookie sheet, the paper would slip slide every which way causing me to mess up more cookies than I needed to. These don't slip! Great product!
Gift and she loved it
I used this for my toddlers lunch box! I LOVE it! I love the separate compartments. It will keep items cold or warm until her lunch time. This is a total game changer! I will definitely be buying more.
He product is great and functions exactly as described. I think we'll be using them for a good long while. The company was a little weird, sending an offer for extra lids then not following through. It seemed like a scam.
I love the combination of functionality and beauty. I will definitely be looking more at your entire line.
Lock tightly and hold a lot!!
It is really easy to pop the ice cubes out. The cover is also a nice feature to keep cubes clean in freezer. And it's easy to clean.
So good and easy to use! Can be used for baking and it's true to its word
Love these cups. They are just what I was looking for. Great size and well made. Highly recommended.
I used this stovetop on a daily basis with cast iron and steel cookware. It has performed fantastically and changed the way I cook outdoors. The fan is quite noisy, and there is a high pitch noise that emits while in use. But I didn't think this deserved a decrease in rating because this is pretty standard to induction stoves of this type. There is a slight hot spot underneath the marked ring for the pan but I think this is also to be expected. Boils water and heats the pan really fast!
I love this! So many options for fruit teas and water. So easy, it almost makes itself. The lid will strain the fruit as it pours.
satisfied with my purchase
My cake held up well on this and is was a good board
Well made & sturdy. Really like this set.
They vacuum sealed stainless mugs are definitely in right now. This is the perfect gift. Very cute, functional, well made product. The lid has a good seal on it. I don't know how easy to hold it will be after I've emptied it a couple times, but that"s not the cups fault. You'll love it
Bought these as a gift for my father and he loved them!
As good as the original carafe.
Great product! very easy to clean, and perfectly filter out all the coffee powder! From the picture below you can see, the left one is the filter I just use, the right one is the filter I clean just by flushing it under the water 5 secs. Good product
Just as shown.. strong, not flimsy
I hosted a baby shower and these were perfect! The cards are great quality and super cute. Very good idea to include in a baby shower.
I needed this pan for my German baking. I couldn't find it in the stores here. It was just what I needed.
Great adult/child lunch box. Has zippered pouch on front and back! It's great!
Expensive! Got just as good filters from grocery store at much lower price.
Works great for my home brew kegs. I looked online to see all parts I needed to make my own set up.
Impressive delivery time! Bought as gift. Great product. Great service and packaging.
Love these! They match my other items and really good quality (so far I've only used for eggs but so far so good!)
These little glass containers are great for food prep. I like how they stack nicely in my fridge and I can see what is in each one. I have put these in my dishwasher and have not experienced any chipping or warping in lids or containers. These have gone in the microwave with no problematic results. I plan on buying more, and phasing out my plastic containers.
Super fast delivery. Makes a cheap bottle of wine taste expensive.
Good straw - but eventually starts bending and breaking down. But that's paper right?
Fits well and it was a good price.
Bought this for my mom because she loves Coca Cola collectibles! She loves it.
This will work for the beginner and the experienced bartender. A perfect home bar set which is how I use it. Not only looks good, but it is highly functional.
Happy so far. And each mold having its own little tray is great
Great for packing lunches. There are two compartments inside which separate the food, I would not put liquids in this, because the divides do not meet the top of the lid. Comes with three containers each with the two dividers inside.
Easy to install, fit great on my kitchen ! Like the way how it make! Only thing is I had too much plates and bowel, little too small ! But great quality!
Worked like a charm. Very easy to use, created perfect carrot roses.
This little thing is amazon. Great for onions, veggies, herbs, ANYTHING! I have even made icing in it. The lid makes for easy clean up. Less tears from onions and less mess!
Perfect size and durable.
Love how easy these are to care for. Dropped one and it didn't break, so may be okay with kids. Moves easily between stove, table, fridge and microwave.
Bought these straws for my 13 month old nephew who has destroyed every plastic straw we've purchased for him haha. These are perfect for him and I love that the came with a cleaner! Great product that my whole family has ended up using... cuts down on environmental waste!!
Works with our Breville espresso maker. I guess I don't know how well it's purifying our water, but it fits and I trust it.
For the price, I would purchase again
Awesome product. I try to use it for everything i cook.
pretty accuracy , and great shape , is very usefull for measuring and it comes with battery i recommended this product to everyone
Exactly what we needed.
Item as described. Great value and quality!
I ordered only one because I wanted to make sure it was sturdy enough. It is very well put together. I have installed two above the sink and have ordered two more for another wall. The old wall cabinets had literally disintegrated and I had been putting off replacing them because every one I looked at was too expensive. These are a good size, handsome, made with good materials. Nothing flimsy here. And the price is terrific. Easy to assemble and install.
Good quality scissors to chop green leafy vegetables for salads. Easy to clean with the scissor case. Also good add on Avocado slicer that makes the salad work even more easier.
Love this product. Use it as a water pouch for my kids at school, tomato juice, sauces etc. It is a little difficult to clean though.
When I make the purchase, I'm half expected it to be flimsy wire mesh that doesn't hold it shape well. But when it arrived, I was surprise how sturdy the wire mesh is. Yes, it is mesh, and it will be deform if you put too much pressure on it, especially without the supporting hard wire. With the design and the sturdiness of the mesh, the hard wire properly hold up it's shape. I like this better than the stainless steel basket, mainly because with mesh, there's more flow in and out of the basket. Perfect for making broth or Chinese soup when I can easily strain everything out by simply lifting the handle. I do like the silicone handle and foot. I don't have to worry about it scratching, and the handle cools down really fast to which I can use my bare hand. It fit inside a 6qt instant pot snugly.
Ordered these so my two year old could participate in decorating Christmas cookies. They were perfect. My five year old nephew (and the adults) loved them too. Super easy to use. Worked great on top of royal icing. Will definitely be using them every year now! Way easier than decorating with icing.
Keeps beverages ice cold for hours
The size and shape fit the hand well and each side offers a different function for smoothing and decorating frosting. We're not experts or even avid amateurs, just want a decent looking cake and this helps make this real without a lot of trial and error.
I did have to replace it within 6 years, but I like the way if buffs my tile. And moderately priced.
Great cake boxes,everything as in description,easy to assemble,i will order more. Quality is very good!
Like the product, doesn't drip, smaller version is good to keep at the table for seasoning salads and I keep mine on the countertop and because it's easy to pour I use it to pour the oil when I cook instead the big bottle which has a big hole in it and always pour more oil than I wanted. So far I recommend this product, happy with purchase.
These spice containers are the perfect size and seem to be great quality! I dried my own herbs to put in these and I couldn't be happier. I also love the fact that they are magnetic and stick to the side of my refrigerator. The personal “Thank You” card from Citrus Pantry was truly an added and appreciated bonus!
Was surprised when I seen how big this water bottle is! I needed a new quality drinking bottle and I've found just that! I drink about a gallon of water a day and this will for sure help me without so many refills and saving plastic from buying already bottled water all the time! Huge plus even the kids like it!
Very pretty and functional Kettle. Have used it every day since I purchased it. Any kettle will get a build up from hard water, and I have very hard water, so about once a week I pour a little vinegar into it and let it set for 5-10 minutes, wash it out and its good to go. The whistle is not shrill, but plenty loud to hear a couple of rooms over from the kitchen. Easy to fill from the faucet. I am very satisfied with this purchase and would buy it again.
We love this food processor. It works great. And it is quiet.
We loved the gold foiled cupcake liners. It was a great addition to the cupcakes and moon and stars themed shower.
This was a gift for my daughter. She loves them. Meets her needs and saves money making and storing baby food rather than buy. Allows a wider variety of food for baby as well. She prefers glass over plastic containers and these are are a nice heavy weight glass with well fitted lids. It's handy to freeze baby food and microwave when needed. The jars are marked in ounces - handy. And dishwasher safe - again handy.
This thing is compact and exactly what I needed.
Love them, made well.
The glasses were beautiful. Exactly what I expected. Shipping was fast too. They looked beautiful with the decor. Would definitely order again!!
Nice design, good quality, compact size, easy to use
Amazing product, was more that I expected. Easy to use and clean
Easy to use, easy to clean. Love them.
This is the second set of these that I buy! They look so nice and modern! Great addition to an office or living room. Reasonable priced as well. I love them.
This little espresso maker is awesome, works great, makes a great shot of espresso
These are beautifully designed. I love them!!! Will likely order more. I'm highly considering it!
Wow. This product really does take away the bad odors from the sink. I have already reordered and I will always keep this on hand.
Love that they come in different sizes. Makes it easier to use in a variety of cups/lids!!
I love this! All you do is add the ingredients and set the machine . Fresh homemade bread in no time. Be sure to use the right yeast!
I have a bunch of these for all my dry goods
The wine decanter was just as expected. I am happy with it.
Very nice, high quality!
Powerful fruit juicer I have been using it for years and it is still new
On time, as promised A+!
I've never used a knife sharpening stone so this was interesting. Sharpened my knives quite well. It has been hard to find something that works in sharpening my kitchen knives, this worked.
Very pretty. Glad to help a great cause.
Great for decoration. Two sided shine so they were perfect for hanging.
I wish I would have had this years ago! It is so much easier to use than any other product I have ever tried.
Made gummy legos with these molds. Very easy to use.
You can microwave it! I only use glass. It's easy to clean, strong and doesn't melt in the microwave. Now I use them for my lunchbox every day!
This is a great set at a good price. It comes with almost everything you would need for decorating baked goods.
excellent all around product
This is a great cake mold set. I love how easily the pieces attach and detach. Cake batter does not leak out of the sides like I have experienced with other cake molds. These are easy to clean and fun to use.
Very good quality heavy construction. Don't have to peel. Dishwasher safe
got the christmas deal for $99 with the mile foamer and i absolutely can't get enough of these espressos/lattes. I have not been to Starbucks since I got this so while the capsules aren't super cheap, I am actually saving some dough. LOVE IT!
A ample room for all types of baking, including pizza! Toasts well too.
does a good job at filtering our water
The blue light makes it look very upscale and the speed of boiling water is fast.
Excellent product...and was shipped in 2 days! Love it! Thank you! :)
Purchased this item as a gift for a family member. They were not interested in it or had something similar. I returned the item and dealt with ongoing delivery issues. I took a while for it to be resolved, but it was finally resolved to my satisfaction. I have no review the product, but I would like to say that the seller went above and beyond to rectify the issue with me. If you're considering purchasing an item from them, do so with ease. They are professionals in every aspect. Good Luck !!!!
found that you need a second one, best ice cream ever.
This was a hit with the birthday boy and the guests! Very heavy so the person feels like they are getting a quality gift and when you fill it with their fav cookie, what can go wrong?!?! Will definately reorder for another birthday gift.
Sorry for the late comment. It's a very nice scale. I use it in my kitchen, it's very convenient.
Why bother with an old fashioned cork screw ever again? This is great. We used it all Christmas season on 1 charge. I think we drank more because everyone loved trying it out opening wine bottles.
We love our air fryer! Use it often!
really liked the new aerator pourer! have had others that were not effective but was impressed with this one! no leakage and it was impressive to SEE how the bubbles were expended! Glad I bought it!
This has all you need plus the quality.
I bought this as a gift for a friend of mine and they love it.
Love these! I use them every time I go shopping. Wash up easy and fairly easy to see through. I don't think cashiers can scan through them though.
Great addition to accessories for my Instant Pot.
Loved how these flutes and wine glasses actually looked like glass! They're great for a backyard party or any event where you don't want to have to wash/risk breaking tons of expensive wine glasses. Would absolutely order again!
Would like for the plastic to have been a little more study
I brought this shower head instead of my old one,It has many different functions,it can use both of them at the same time,lt is very easy to install,good item,happy purchase.
Durable and easy to clean. Works on my induction cooktop.
I love this cutting board. Perfect for food prep and you can slide the chopped food right into the hole & it goes into the containers while you prep other foods. Very easy to clean and the storage containers have lids which is great to put in the fridge while you wait.
Don't laugh, I love this pattern so much I have a service for 24! Use it everyday with a family of 6. Excellent hand feel and weight. Finish holds up with heavy use and the service looks brand new! Wish they had more pieces.
Good quality mugs for the price and came in perfect condition.
once I got my routine down, i was able to roll out the dough for my cut-out cookies quickly and with consistent thickness. I will use this for any dough I need to roll out.
These drawer dividers are sturdy, well-made, and have the flexibility to fit into many different drawers sizes! They are great! Here's to getting organized!
Very happy with these covers. Great for bowls, jars, & have even used them on half cantaloupe & small watermelon in place of plastic wrap. I will be ordering more of the larger sizes. This particular set has smaller ones that I'll rarely use, but still happy with the purchase.
The ice cube is smaller, I think it is perfect sized cube, so they can fit into sports bottles or any other water bottle easily.
Great little cookie cutters! I bought these to cut out candy eyes and a nose for some character themed cookies that I'm making for my grandson's birthday party. I've already tried them out with a practice run of cookies and they work wonderfully! They are very sturdy and will have lots of other uses too!
Cleans the needle just as described
This made it so easy to make ranch dressing. Didn't have to dirty measuring cup, whisk, spatula, bowl and something else to put it in! It was all done in one simple container!!! I love it!
Love it. Looks great too.
These are definitely the best food containers on market. The glass is super good. They are microwaveable except the lid. Very satisfied.
Saved me from buying a new foodsaver sealer for over $100.
Well mad and does the job
Love these glasses, thought they'd be everyday glasses, because they were so reasonable, but tgey were so beautiful, tgey are our party/guest glassware now. May need two sets! :) Also bought the smaller size.
You get a lot for a great price! I
we love this coffee maker. it doesn't have a glass carafe so nothing to break. You make the coffee like you normally would, but use your cup underneath to get the coffee out. I'ts cleaner and more convenient than a regular coffee maker.
I use it every morning!!! Milk comes out steamed and head ! I use it to heat up my daughters milk . Great quality !!!
Absolutely beautiful, just like the photo my grand daughter loved it for her fairy tea party birthday!
VERY pleased with these wine tumblers! Easy to hold with the band around them...even for a small hand. I will be ordering more to give as gifts.
Bought these to go with a larger skillet of the same brand. I learned a while ago that the #1 thing that wrecks these non stick pans is spraying them with non-stick cooking products (such as Pam)...it ruins the surface of the pans. You are better off putting in real olive oil in a spritzer and spraying that on the surface of the pan or just using butter or olive oil...stay away from the non-stick sprays.
Works well and keeps the fridge looking more organized.
Really nice quality flatware.
My daughter loves it because now she can make macaroni or ramen without having to strain the water with a plate. This is easy to use, durable and dishwasher safe!!
Really like the spoons, very happy that it has an 1/8 spoon included.
I am very happy with my new lunch bag. Holds just the right amount of good for me.
Cute and seems to be good quality.
Very basic, nicely shaped port glasses.
Does exactly what I need it to do.
Works great, Had a different brand my son submerged in water. I ordered this one because it was $10.00 cheaper. Works great makes a great frothy milk for my coffee. I also love the white. Stainless steel ones show to much fingerprints and water spots.
The bottles have thicker glass, they seem like they will be great water bottles and I like that they all come with a sleeve. I am giving these as a gift, I am giving 5 stars by how they are "constructed". I have not used them personally.
Its not super heavy but heavy enough. Use on a gas stove, hasnt changed color, scratched, or had any issues. Happy with the purchase.
A very high quality product. I applied it according to the directions 4 times to my brand new teak cutting board. Liquids bead up on the board nicely. The wood looks fantastic. Easy to apply and a little bit goes a long way. I'll buy again and recommend it to anyone.
Kids friendly. Durable and high quality product
Great deal. Great price.
this kettle are prefect for my tea time. when it boil the kettle will make sound to tell you that the hot water is ready. the handle is design very unique that is not hot when i grab the kettle out of stove. the kettle cook pretty fast.
This is a surprisingly large amount of supply. It is going to take me years to use it all, but it provided a great variety for by Grandson's Birthday.
Great addition for my instant pot!! It works great redirecting the steam, plus it looks super cute!
This really does make a difference. Lemon in the bottle just isn't right. This is super easy to use and gets a lot of juice out.
Very pleasantly surprised by the quality of this product for the money. Beautifully crafted and easy to use with the knife guide
Cut vegetable, meat and even bones using this knife. It is still sharp after being used for about half year. Love it.
making spaghetti for dinner and eggs the next morning
Have done a good job with good quality.
expensive yes...worth it, yes. I was not sure if this was going to be a trend or something we buy and not use in a few weeks. It is easy to use. I would plan on making a week worth of juices when you use it vs. every other day to make clean up easier
Just received this coffe maker today. Had it up and running quickly. Longest time was soaking the charcoal filter before use. I bought this to replace a Keurig that was only a few years old. The Keurig I had would not use any type but K cups is why I replaced it. So far I am pleased.
I love my cup. It is super cute and absolutely love it
I love this tray - my favorite part is the lid. The second best thing is the size of the icecubes!!
It did exactly what it said it would. I used to warm each tortilla on a griddle pan and then place on a plate covered with foil. Extras would be cold again by the time you wanted it. With the tortilla warmer, I was able to heat a whole pack at one time and they stayed warm the entire dinner.
Bought this as a gift for a friend who travels a lot during the week. Produce that sits in his fridge was often mushy or otherwise spoiled by the weekend, but these seem to make a big difference -- much less spoilage.
These were perfect for making cookies for my son's baseball team. They were nice and big, which meant I had enough room for each player's name and number on them, which the kids loved. I haven't tried the cap and shoe shapes yet but I'm sure I'll be just as happy with them.
So far it has worked very well .Better than expected.
I love these! They are amazing. I decided to buy these as a way to start limiting my plastic use. When I first opened the package, it doesn't smell nor stick together much. I've been using these to store leftovers or fruits/veggies so far. It kept everything fresh. They are so thick and strong. It even has a little button so you can set the day one it (Monday, Tuesday, etc). They are the perfect size as well. It is leak proof, dishwasher safe, and easy to clean/dry. Also, the marker doesn't stain the bag after use. It's so easy to wipe off. I'm definitely going to buy more! No more cheap thin zip locks.
Great scale. I've been looking for a scale to measure out food. My son is a Type 1 Diabetic and we have to count all his carbohydrate intake. Of course there are foods that don't list the nutrition content on the box or container so that is when we need to measure ourselves. I love that this scale has a tare on it so I can set a bowl on the scale and set the scale back to zero to add the foods to the bowl. It has been very helpful with foods like fruit. The other day, my son wanted strawberries and I needed to measure out a cup of strawberries. If I would have just cup up strawberries and threw them in a measuring cup, the carb intake would have been way off. It can measure ounces, grams, ml, and pounds. This scale is very precise with the weight and I can get an accurate measurement. The scale is a nice size that I can just keep out on the counter or easily slide it in a cupboard.
What's to say really. They work well, arrived on time.
Love them! received on time and are perfect for what I needed them. Juicing!!
Compliments the rest of our dishware for everyday use.
Love that it locks into place, has a buzzer to let you know when it's done, but it still shuts off by itself! Made my hard boiled eggs perfectly! Also love the little handle that allows you to lift the hot eggs to get them to a cold bath...great little tool!
I think the steamer basket is a good helper in the kitchen.Amazing design, it can be folded, convenient to store,easy to clean.
Love it! Its for my best friend and shes a first time mom and loves wine! Thank you!
This Vacuum Sealer is awesome.It works well and is super easy to set up and use. It appears to be well made, and it works exactly as expected. I've used it for salmon, it vacuumed it and sealed it beautifully. Also nice that this included a number of bags as well,very pleased with this purchase.
Wife obviously is a fan of this character
Product is amazing I cook fish chicken french fries tater tots all of them cooked up crisp just like they've been deep-fried but no oil easy cleanup and quiet I can highly recommend this product
Great quality stainless steel water bottle. The color and design and outstanding and the bottle is correct weight. The quality is great and leak proof. It's great for traveling purposes. Would surely recommend the product.
I absolutely LOVE it!!!
This thing is sturdy and very high quality for the price.
My 3 year old always wants Minnie pancakes so hot this works great. Cook like the direction says and come out perfectly
Shipping was quick and my husband loves this for his office! Still has ice on the second day. Great product!
This measuring cup is good quality and is exactly as described.
Best frothed. I've purchased other brands and they all break down within a couple months. Mixpresso lasts.
I never have been a big Black and Decker fan but this is a great little juicer for the money. Its my second one. The first one lasted over ten years and juiced a lot of citrus.
Love them! Love the colors and they are the perfect size
Worked perfectly for cruise.
I love it!!! Easy enough that even my kids could help, with supervision of course! This really cuts down on all the prep work that usually keeps me out of the kitchen! I hope it lasts a long time!
Was considered buying set with a wooden block and all but read a few recommendations against it and they said it was better to buy them separately, only the once you needed. Bough this and a couple others and they're all we need for most of the routine kitchen stuff. They are pricey so it was the best decision i guess.
I love these as they not only are sturdy, yet light weight, but do not stain like a plastic glass. I drink beet juice and these tumblers did not get pink like most. Love Them
These are great and they arrived so quickly. They are bread baskets for my wedding I spent today embellishing the with ribbons and a double heart charm and oh my how adorable
I am so happy with this tea kettle! It heats up very quickly and the capacity of water it holds is just right. It has seen a good amount of use in the week I've owned it. I'm sure that it will serve us well since we drink so much tea around here. I will say that you must be careful when picking it up off the stove, as the handle holds a bit of heat. Otherwise, no problems at all. Just remember to use a pot holder or wear an oven mitt.
Was worried that it wouldn't hold enough water for our 6-cup Chemex, but it's the perfect amount! It heats quickly and I like how the water line is inside the kettle and easy to tell when to stop filling.
I'm a Silversmith and use these to trim silver sheet metal and they perform perfectly.
I've had it for 2 months for my daughter in preschool. It works great. Easy to clean. I read about the clips holding the ice packs breaking off. Hasn't been a problem for me but I bend the top a little to put them in and take them out. No problem yet
I am a Chef 15+ years. Hands down the most gorgeous set and with proper care will last a lifetime. Holds an edge well, easy to sharpen and the scissors can cut thru bone.
Very happy with this product! Works as promised and terrific price point. Would definitely purchase again.
This balloon was GREAT for my babies second birthday. I thought she would be skeptical about it but was her favorite part of the party! She carried it around, took it outside and it is still (4 days later) in our living room!
Use these when I shop all the time , especially at places like ALDIs ..love how they fold up into strawberries, so cute!!!
Easy to use. I can see what I have stored and can give away a food gift and not worry about getting my container back.
Very thin glass, but is a good replacement carafe.
Arrrived quickly and as expected
This is the ice you need. Glass. Ice. Bourbon. Done.
Great price and it works great!
This tray has saved me so much time. I left some solid frozen ground beef on it to defrost while I go do other things, and I was shocked at how fast the beef defrosted. The time was essentially halved. Great item! My family and I totally loved it!
I love this electric grill griddle! It works great. It heats up quickly and cooks all my foods very well. It's very easy to use and easy to clean up. Also I love the design of this griddle , it has a elegant outlook. I am so glad I found this!
These are the best taco holders. My wife love that it holds the tacos in between bites and clean up so nicely. And a great value for the price!
Great setup and sturdy
I've had this for since Aug 2018 and its already paid for itself by saving me a ton of money by not going to Starbucks. I use it 1-2 times a day. Have to use whole milk, I've tried 2% and Almond with No luck....
This cup is nice that now I can drink tea without worry about eating tea leaves and this come with a lid to keep it hot longer .. I really enjoy using this tea Mug..
I just learn how to bake,this product has 3 piece inside. You can choose the different size you want. I used these cake pan to do the birthday cake for my son. He loves it!
Gave it to my coworker. Beautiful gift. Meaningful gift. Cons: no dishwasher, no microwave.
Few months in and they are great. Get all 3 different sizes are perfect.
Love the 5 plastic jars of various heights! Will use them for dried beans and dry macaroni shells... yay! Perfect 👌🏻 on the shelve in my pantry. Seeing everything... yes ❤️❤️
Ordered these because I was looking for a solution to putting plastic sandwich baggies in my son's lunch each day and these are great! Easy to clean and easy for little hands to open too. They seem durable. We've had them a few weeks now. These are a fantastic solution to help get rid of one time use plastic bags.
These are super nice, felt feet for your table top and nice design on top. really well made, not too thin
Love being able to lay the bottles on there side and them not leak!
Excellent reusable bags. A great step towards eliminating single use plastics. Quality was more then adequate for the price. Various sizes included. Overall no complaints whatsoever.
Very happy with product.
Love the design and keeps my water cold all day
Works great to get an even coat of oil on my cutting board. Should have bought this a long time ago.
I really like the jar, fits perfect in my space. When I opened the box the spoon that came with it was broken, I really hate that
Very pleased with this waffle maker !!!! I love it ♥️
Thank you for great product and fast shipping!
Easy to clean up. No weird smells. Basic one cup coffee maker. Convenient to make single cups without having to purchase pre packed cups. More environmentally friendly.
LOVE THIS! Wish it wasnt plastic but this is great! Fits in my sons lunchbox. Easy to clean. The inside tray comes out and it comes with silverware!
This grinder is incredible! It grinds up herbs to a very fine, useable size and is very colorful! Would recommend :)
Love this meat thermometer. Comes in a nice box. The thermometer is great for grilling and the backlight is great for visibility during overnight smoking.
I bought this for my daughter to stay on task while doing homework and class work. It has really helped her focus and completing her work on time. The ten minutes is great. You can use it for cleaning a room and other house helping chores for kids. She loves the 7 color light so it was fun for her. Another kind of warm light was on while sleeping, and she felt safe and relax, go to the toilet in the middle of the night also can give enough lighting.
I bought it for my wife, she likes to drink a little wine everyday, she lover it and she use it everyday, easy to clean and durable, the best is you can break it and easy to bring it everywhere, she can pack it when we travel
Great value and built to last!
Worked great for our park party. One was broken but we were able to fix it
To me, I think it looks attractive so I'm good with putting it on the table, and more importantly it works perfectly. I'm totally happy with this purchase.
Good quality non stick ceramic coated pan. Very easy to clean and is great value for the price.
Needed a new one. The old one cracked. I use as a roast pan and for other cooking. Very solid and heavy
These are a Christmas Present for my Mother in Law. I'm sure she will love them.
This is easy to clean and makes perfectly crisp bacon!
very nice for the money. all the bottoms stayed on
was not expecting it to be such a big bowl! nevertheless, it's a really great product and think it's a really great gift
i like this product. easy to use
I grew up with one of these and 10 years ago went looking for one and it was near impossible to find. Now I can't boil eggs without it.
Just the right size. Shape makes it easy to be able to scoop all the ice cream out. No corners!! Appreciate the insulation acting design! There are similar designs by other companies out there that don't have the insulation design. So glad I realized that before I bought mine!! This brand is great! It is NOT recommended to store on the freezer door though. So, why it shows that in the description photos, I don't know! Very happy with this!
Very clever! Well made. Held a salad and tuna, a salad with a piece of chicken, a banana, yogurt, apple sauce, a small container of blueberries, and two drinks. Also used two ice packs in addition to the ones that were included. Great product. Took one star off for versatility because there is no handle. I could live with that, but a handle would have made it perfect. By the way, I appreciated the follow up by Monica to see if everything was ok with the delivery. I would recommend - good value.
Works exactly as designed and intended.
I grew up using this style of peeler and won't use any others. Super sharp and easy to peel. Just make sure you dry it thoroughly so it doesn't rust.
Keeps food air tight and feels sturdy. One caveat is that washing is a little inconvenient, but still highly recommend!
Simple to use and works great. Having the catch cup built in is a real plus. I would highly recomend.
I have had this for awhile and it is fantastic! A little pricey though, but worth it..
This product makes my life easier! I used to use a knife to peel off the corn when I made the salad. After I bought a corn stripper, I feel like I was a dummy before. It saves a lot of time.
Great product! Very pleased with the quality.
We are very happy with this purchase! My son uses his cup daily. Takes it to school in his backpack and no problems with leaking. Easy to clean.
It works great for me. I made snacks for my son. He really likes the banana chips. And my husband likes the apple chips. I like the beef jerky. They tasted just like we bought. I can make a different flavor. It is so easy to do it.
Love this! Keeps my drinks cold for over 12 hours and have been drinking way more water!
These are fantastic. Used them for Christmas and was not disappointed. Cookies were perfect. Very pleased with this product.
I love that this strainer's handles expand so it can fit across the sink instead of sitting in the sink. It's great for straining pasta and for washing vegetables. I cook for large groups and this is used every time! Highly recommend! Would make a great gift for new cooks.
This cup is so cute! I've had it for several months, well made.
Liked them a lot for my baby shower favors
Got this as a gift and the recipient loves it!
Smaller than we thought it would be, but it gets the job done!
Seems good so far, only had a couple days. Easy enough to install and plenty of water flow through the filter
I have wood cutting boards, but I never use them because these are so much more convenient. I can use one to cut chicken on while my helper uses another to cut veggies on at the same time. And there's no special care needed afterward-I just rinse off any bulky mess and throw it in the dishwasher with a sanitize cycle. It's true that over time they do start to bend or warp a bit from the heat in the dishwasher, but I can use these for a couple of years or more before they need replacing. Also important to note that I've use this style cutting board for about 10 years now-my first set I had for about 5 years (warped and all) and I have never actually cut THROUGH one of these boards. They are surprisingly durable and I replaced them only because they got so warped that juices kept running off the board onto the counter and I decided it was time to let go. My other favorite thing about them is that it's so much easier to transfer the cut food from the board to the pot without dumping it all over the place because they bend to whatever shape you need and food slides down the narrow path you make for it instead of down on the burner or stove top. Another plus, they essentially take up no storage space! Ideal for tiny kitchens.
Love love. Great for both limes and lemons.
These containers are a great value and a convenient solution meal prep. They also work great for kids lunches because the portion size is just right, they are easy to wash, and there's no harm if they accidentally get thrown out or the lunch box gets lost. They feel durable and close securely. They are easy to store since they stack together nicely. Just what I hoped for!
very nice pan, many uses
Just what we needed. Thanks!
Works very good. Seals tight. Is not difficult to close. Highly recommended.
Works well. Looks great. Happy with purchase!
You get what you buy. Looks exactly like it does on the picture and has a smooth, glossy finish
These are great shears! Super strong, super sharp. I won't have trouble cutting things with these. Great quality item.
Love it. It's beautiful and as shown. Held a lot of silverware and plates
This has been really helpful for my workouts! It allows me to meal prep my food for the week. It's very accurate and was easy to use. We have used it for cooking a handful of times and kept in the kitchen counter. I accidentally dropped it one time and was scared it wasn't going to work but haven't had any problems so far so as far as durability and fall resistance it's good.
This product is a very good cooker.
I make my own chips because they are much cheaper to make than to buy. I eat totally Sugar-Free (SF) and a bag of SF costs around $7. I can make these for a buck, or so and they are wonderful. There is a little extra around the edges from the design of the mold, but that is still edible.
I got the 17oz and for me it's just the right size. It's well made and works as advertised.
Since we updated some of our kitchen tables and chairs and also painted our cabinets, we needed something to match. I like dark colors and our kitchen table is now black marble, which these knifes go great with. The base is nice looking and the knifes are sharp and easy to handle. I know any knife can be sharpen to cut anything you like and these are no exception, they slice tomatoes like butter. I'm hoping they saty looking nice and sharp so I'm taking good care of them.
I'm a Nikon user and I love this mug! Everyone complaints on how cool it looks plus it holds my coffee!
Works very well and easy to use. Should have bought it earlier. Great value for the price. Highly recommended
Grand baby loved it plus it made great drinks
When it came across what brand bread machine I should purchase, I choose this brand because I brought a juicer in this brand before and it work fine. I not a huge fan of bread, but my mom is. She used once already and she love using it. She can now add her own ingredient like nut and raisin.
Perfect size, easy to fill up, tastes great.. second one we've bought.
This is a good seizes. I am also able to clean the straws with the brush that came with it. I also appreciate the color tips make it easy to know whos straw it is for
I like it. The spoon is deep enough for soup. That is what I looking for!
What an amazing skillet. You can cook eggs without any oil. No sticking. Cooks evenly.
I would recommend this to any one that likes a quick way to prepare salads or coleslaw.
The frother arrived in a box that had been obviously returned at some point in time. The base was covered in dust. Only one frother disk was included. I'm not sure if there is supposed to be two but there is built in places to hold two extra on the rear of the base. I washed it, it appears to be working ok. I will give it a week if it has any problems I will be returning it. Update: after leaving the review I was contacted by email and offered a replacement. I appreciate good customer service and like their proactive approach to fixing the issue.
Good excelent it is perfect
Works well. No oil needed to pop popcorn. Easy clean up too!
I always buy these sink protecters, especially the saddle one. They protect my sink when I wash my heavier dishes and pots and pans.Love them!
My wife loves them and thats all I need to know. I ain't in the doghouse so it was a great purchase for us..
These are awesome knives. They are super sharp and sturdy. Well weighted. Comfortable. Great buy
I've been wanting a nice mortar & pestle for quite a while and I am just thrilled with this one. It is visually pleasing and I really like the top to keep everything contained.
Zero complaints after 3 days of use.
Like choice of different straws and the cleaner that came with it
Great quality, none of them were broken or cracked, love the one piece design. Perfect for a mimosa bar
Worked out great she loved her cake..
Vegetable bags , great quality...
lightweight, easy to cook and clean. no complaints so far.
Will keep full flavor for 20 ounces of coffee
Everything is good with this bottle.
Thank you, Great product.
It's a steamer basket that will fit a variety of pan sizes. Turns most pans into a steamer.
You have to have someone show you how they work--they slide onto a fold that you make in your plastic bag (with the yellow rod inside the fold and the colored 3/4 circle outside of the fold)--but once you know how, they seal wonderfully! Stiffer bags like chip bags are easier than thin plastic bags such as Baggies. They take up lots less room than chip clips.
I cannot say enough about this item. When I stumbled upon it I couldn't believe I hadn't had one yet. Kept the coffee hot for a hella long time. Presses the grounds perfect and the silicon cover is great too. I totally recommend buying this if you are looking for one!!
These cutting boards are great. Just tremendous cutting boards.These boards are nice and rigid, so they easily stand upright in the dishwasher and don't change shape. You can cut things on these, believe me. It's true.Nice cutting boards that seem sturdy enough. I also like the tabs with the icons. Highly recommend.
Perfect size for one cup of coffee to go. Easy to clean and pretty colors. Stays nice and hot too! We ordered another.
They work very well if you follow the instructions that are given. I love them. A very good value for the price.
I've had it for a few weeks now and it's amazing! The mounting mechanism is genius and I did not need to drill any holes. I hope the removal is as easy
Bought this tamper and received a damaged one. I liked the product and it had a solid quality holding it in my hand. I notified the seller and got an answer and solution much quicker than expected. Very pleased with this seller and looking forward to using this product. Will try to update after using.
I love these racks! They are gold-ish and look awesome!
Just received the stainless steel spatula set I ordered. Seems to be very good quality, delivered promptly. Time will tell if they hold up to regular use
Awesome kitchen scale. Purchased it for pour over coffee as it has a built in timer. I use it for cooking and meal prep too. Great to have in the kitchen. Accurate, easy to use, cheap, all around great item! Highly recommended this scale.
Both of the items are easy to use and clean. We use garlic almost everyday on our cooking and this has help the process speed a lot faster!
Great product nothing but pure thc that u get. No more papers anymore. I HIGHLY RECOMMENDED if u are a true smoker!!
My husband uses this for work. Bubba products are true to their claims
Good coffee mugs.I just got them.
I knew what functions I wanted in a coffee maker and that I did not want to spend more than $30. I spent a lot of time searching for that. Finally found this and let me tell you... it's awesome! I have zero complaints about this product. My coffee taste amazing!
fast shipping and descent product
I have used the style of container for years and have never been disappointed I highly recommend it
Made well! Rugged for re-use, would order again!
I work in a bar and we have to open cans right away all the time. This is precisely the tool for that, just punch a hole and next.
Great dupe for the on brand rabbit! Sturdy and nice. Plan on giving it to my mom for Christmas!
Pretty good quality, much better than the one bought with knifes set. It's perfect for general use.
Item received as promised. Gave this to my daughter- for Christmas and she was so excited. I watched the first DVD with her last night (the concert itself). AMAZING. These young men give it their all - singing, dancing, running around the stage, smiling the entire time accompanied by a live band- INCREDIBLE energy, voices and dancing. My daughter and I both said we had trouble falling asleep last night after watching it. Two more DVDs to watch- can't wait! The bookmark that came with the set was my daughter's bias, Suga, so that was a bonus. The picture book is high quality, well done. She loved it of course! This purchase is worth every penny for ARMY and those who appreciate and enjoy a lively, heartfelt, talented performance.
Great product ,saves a lot of space and built to last. I ordered extra hooks for my utensils . Highly recommend.
work great and super handy ! love all the sizes !
We bought this dispenser to use for a hot chocolate bar, and the water stayed HOT, even through the next day. Definitely a great purchase!
We have purchased two for ourselves and two for friends. Super for a small family or retired folks.
Homeschool family here... we take a lot of field trips and classroom learning trips. Lunch is always a hassle as there are four of us and bringing food and drinks for everyone either equals a million tiny lunch bags or one humongous inconvenient cooler. I have to say this bag is all that we needed and more. It has two well insulated compartments (nice to separate cold from warm foods or things that you don't want smashed), easy to clean, loads of pockets which are nice for holding phone keys and extra cash or our ID's, two carry options a hand option or a shoulder strap, I'd also like to say that it doesn't leak and it comes with an added bonus of a very nice cooler ice pack. Whatever your reasons, this cooler bag is worth the money!!
Was a great Christmas present. Everyone wanted one
Don't want to waist money on KCups?? And like lattes?? This is for you!! It's perfect and saves coffee when you just want one, two or three cups or a whole caraffe. So easy to froth milk you won't ever go to Starbucks again!
Great wine pump, works as well as others I have bought. Very happy. Nice gift for someone too.
Really good product, fast accurate steaming meats my need.
Product looks good and it's made with good quality materials. The stainless steels filter does and excellent job. Even with the finer grinds. Good product.
Just what we wanted. The lettering is large and clear, the sound is loud enough and it has all the features we need. Thank you.
Very nice product. Small footprint and I like the draining function of the insert.
The small one is very perfect for fry-egg-breakfast. And the biggest size is very good to cook for steak and a meal for family of 5 like us.. It has very strong non-stick coating and scratch resistant. I am using it every day for about 2 months, so far there is no scratch and the non-stick function is still as good as the first-time use.
Durable, attractive, holds 24 oz.. keeps water cold for 24 hours!!! A little heavy for carrying.
Good product for neat, uniform labels
Exactly what I was looking for! Painted my Etsy shops name on them and hung it for festivals from my tent! Works great! And easy to adjust the flags!!
I really do like these bags. Easy to use and clean. Great value for the money. And customer service is great too. Would buy again.
These trays are really nice! The cube size is smaller than some but I am using them as extra to have on hand so no big deal on the size. The cubes are easy to remove from the trays and I like the lid - nice added feature.
The screens are thin but sturdy.
I was originally looking for scone cutters but saw this bundle that included the dough cutter. I'm very happy with the quality and the price. My scones' shape turned out pretty well.
Easy to use. Works wonderfully.
Really nice glasses for the price and they came very nicely packaged
Built to last very quiet
Easy ordering. Arrived promptly !! Go Amazon !
These are great. They hold a lot of coffee and keep it hot for hours.
The inside appears used, but it fits and looks great so I'm not stressed. I received a black screw with it but already have the original so I'm just using that one!
The three different sizes and the rubber red edges feels nice in your hands very easy to work with and easy to clean.
Very sharp knives, colors are fun, each blade has a case to protect the blade and fingers while not in use. It also comes with a sharpener! Great set, love it!
It was for my niece!!! She loves it as much as my family did! It is super soft, well made, and affordable!! Y'all are awesome and hope you get much more business!
Wonderful handmade beer mug! I bought it as a gift and it totally worth it. Made to last, looks great, solid and quite large. Got that authentic feeling to it. 5 stars
Bought as gift. Family loved them for RV
Love the straws. They have a nice smooth edge, and I like that you can see if they are not completely clean.
My wife bought the original version 25 years ago and it just got worn out and broke so I replaced it with this new version and she's very happy with the product. I would recommend this to anyone.
Quiet and easy to use.
Best toaster ever...and I like toast, English muffins and bagels. Never burns up your food. Has a reheat feature and other useful settings. Get your day started off right...just add coffee.
Really haven't used it yet got it for grandchildren needed more but couldn't afford it
Great product! Highly recommended. May take longer to make a cup of coffee compared to other brands but it's a quality device that has lasted much longer than the others!
BOUGHT THIS CUP TO REPLACE THAT GOT CRUSHED BY A FRONT LOADER . THE FIRST ONE WAS DAILY DEAL. HUBBY REALLY LIKES THIS MUCH BETTER.KEEPS COFFEE HOTTER LONGER
My fiancé loves these. They work like a charm. And this is a 2 PACK! You just pull the beer from the fridge, pushed this down on top and BOOM... beer. Looks exactly as pictured. Works like a charm.
Very pretty but I do wish it was a little bigger/taller
Love the mat! Excellent look and feel! We can tell it is so much better than other mats!
Just as I remembered. Glad these are still available for the next generation.
It is so nice to be able to drink my favorite teas with a cup that insulates the heat in the center of the cup yet prevents me from being burnt or scalded. The cap performs the same function and keeps my tea hot or warm for much longer. The cost is worth it and I will be buying more.
This product is easy to use and clean. When done you can fold it up for better storage. The blades are versatile and have a storage bin underneath. My favorite part is that it is high enough up when cutting that it can fall into a bowl, where other tools like this are Too low to the counter.
Great party supplies
I love my butcher blocks. They are not limited in the number of knives they hold and they are very attractive sitting out on the counter. I am definately happy with my purchase.
This product is made very well and is easy to use. The instructions were clear and helpful. It contains several blades so the options are endless on use. The blades come with a storage unit, but it still is several things to store because it doesn't all fit into one unit. I would highly recommend it though.
I put together a "bar on wheels" for my hubby's 40th b-day. He Loved the whole present. This set went well with the cart.
We ordered these to stock in our 5th wheel rv to cut down on the amount of plastic waste when we go camping. They stack easily and work well for all cold liquids. Even better is how much we saved not buying disposable plastic cups! And no plastic taste to your drinks!
I love how easy it is to use. When steaming other foods at the same time as making rice, though, keep your rice to a very small volume. I tried cooking chicken with rice and too much rice cause it to not cook as nicely as I would have liked. Cooking just rice, though, it's FANTASTIC!
Gave the knives to my mom for Christmas and she loves then Very sharp and easy to handle
It's great very user friendly well packaged perfect size.
Cool product that works! Nice quality too!
Simply perfect!!! Thank you!
Everything came together
Great product and price, Change filter every 6 mo.
I bought a set for sending family home with leftovers. Everyone loved them. Would buy again.
This is actually the second time I've bought this towel rack. I loved the first one and have had no issues with it so decided on these when needing more. So easy to install and they work great. They look very nice too
Great coffee filters for single brew. Was very happy with the larger size (many size options) to get a great ratio for iced coffee or to have a full cup of hot coffee
My favorite gym accessory. Keeps me hydrated in the gym and on the go.
My husband gets cold super easy. This product makes it easier to keep us both happy. It's easy to work. Attractive on display. The heat blows strong and reaches far.
Some reviews complain about the Vacuuming and sealing. I do not find that at all. The vacuum is a bit loud. But vacuums are. I've not found one that isn't. I am paranoid and double seal all my bags, of course, it stopped after several times, but i know it is normal. Because the seller told me there is a protection design. By the way, some guys may grasp wrong way, the bag should be loaded in the correct position, just like the picture i showed.otherwise,it's impossible to do vacuum and make air out of bag. I really haven't seen any problems with this.Anyway,it's important to grasp the method. Thanks to the email from seller.
Perfect!! First brew and all after!
Was looking for differing flatware shapes, these did not disappoint. Wasn't sure I'd like the mirror finish, but I'm very satisfied. Have used and washed in the dishwasher several times with no rusting issues. Very happy.
Absolutely loved my copper mugs! Very cute and sturdy mugs. Exactly what I expected.
Love these lids. Just love 'em. Like that strainer that attaches to your pots and pans, these lids are a kitchen necessity, imo.
They're good filters, as far as I can tell.
So far so good. Seems great.
Have tried numerous products for removing the kernels from the cob without much success. We live directly across from a farm that grows some of the best sweet corn in Ohio and I always like to freeze a bunch for the winter. This little tool is simply amazing - easy to use and removes the kernels perfectly without waste. Highly Recommended!!!
The clip is easy to open, but stays closed when you need it to. Heavy spoons that feel solid and won't ben easily. Spoons are easy to clean in the dishwasher. Great set.
Bought these for my wife to use as a cushion for glassware on a quartz countertop. Now when she takes items from the cupboard and places them on the countertop we don't hear that clanking sound.
It is easy to get the ice cubes out.
This product looked like the picture but there were a few scratches on the knife and cake cutter
It is as advertised and appears to be well constructed. Only time will tell.
Great product. I use it every day.
These are perfect for organizing our freezer! They fit perfectly and we can easily grab what we need. This is a must have for busy working moms.
I absolutely love these reversible cutting boards. They're easy to clean, use and store. Highly recommend.
A professional blender that has the build quality and power equal to or better than a Vitamix, without being overpriced.
I love then! They have the perfect size and also a great price for both!!
Good little peeler would buy again.
Very good as a drying mat or as a water catcher under a dish tray. Really good quality and the little spoon holder that comes with it is a nice little plus!
Just what we ordered
Nicely made product. The box it comes in is great bonus!
Bought for a young boy with cancer and HE LOVES IT!
Just like in the picture i love it
This infuser is awesome! I'm so pleased with it. I like the personal touch that kitchables products offers. They truly want to make sure I'm satisfied with the product.
Easy buy, fast ship, great product. . .what more can you ask!?
The cake turned out great and my dog loved his cake. It arrived before his birthday.
I love this! We use it everyday to cook a variety of food. Everything that we cook in here is delicious.
Arrived on time. Works great.
I bought this because it had a 5-star rating on every link that had this product. I was really hoping that a product this inexpensive worked as well as I thought it would. This sealer is amazing! It works just as well as my $200 sealer that I had for 15 years. I was absolutely not disappointed! Worth every penny! Thank you to everyone who wrote a review! You helped me make up my mind.
Awesome set! Very nice looking too!
Fast delivery. My wife and I will meal prep in style.
Everything went exactly as it should it arrived on time, great product. Really sturdy, well made, sharp serrated edge, spreads well too.
fast shipping and item was in excellent condition
I bought the accessories box and the tea. what a beautiful packaging and great quality! this is my everyday healthy treat and it is also so stylish to have it in my house! love the printed name logo on each piece from the set, so fancy looking! i will highly recomend it to my friends!
I have not used them yet, but they look to be fine.
Great all purpose basket, for use in the garden as well as all over the home. Fun for kids to use as well. Light weight and fairly sturdy, and fits well inside of a kitchen sink for rinsing vegetables.
Best set of cutting boards I've ever owned! I love all the different sizes you get in this set, you just can't go wrong with them! They are non-slip, which is fantastic and dishwasher safe, even fantastic-er! I highly recommend if you are in need of cutting boards.
I love this water bottle! It keeps my water cold all day without ice. It comes with two lids, a metal reusable straw and even a brush to clean the straw! It's got me and my husband drinking more water than ever.
Easily scratched, but still functional
Well made.Good looking happy.
Works great! Simple to use. Since I had neglected my waterstones since I bought them it took a little time to flatten them. Just shows how important it is to maintain their flatness as I had good size divots in all my stones. Nice product
if you love going out to get cocktails but don't want to brake the bank this is a must have. It's already paid for itself so many times. Great quality, love how discrete it is, plus it's cute enough to wear any wear.
This paper worked very well and was durable enough using it for commercial cooking. It covered the table well and was easy to remove and dispose of after use.
I've used it twice since receiving it last week and it couldn't be easier. I'm older lady with hand issues and it does hurt and isn't hard to use. Just love it. Makes getting all the corn off the cob so easy.
I wasn't expecting this loaf pan to be so good. But it is better then expected. It's easy to use and clean. My loaves come out really good.
Great #4 coffee filter, kept the grounds out like it was 'supposed to.
Very pretty and high quality!
Worked great in my can am spyder motor cycle
These are larger than they appear in the photo and very nice quality. I purchased them for my book club meeting, and will use them often.
Works super well. Also works great for other tough cleaning jobs like dried up flour/dough.
They work very well. I use them in my water bottles and have never had a problem and my water tastes great!
was a gift to my daughter. She loves them.
Exactly what we wanted. Feels very well made.
Fine product. Have just tried.
Bought for a friend, she's happy with it!
This is the second KitchenAid mixer I have purchased, both this model. A real workhorse. I bought this one for my second home and used it daily through the holidays. Great performance.
better than cosco or anywhere....buy it
I do upholstery work, and I had tried a lot of products to consistently remove left over foam off of headliners. These brushes are perfect for that and they should add that to the list of things those brushes can clean. I bought the last 2 stiffness grades and for the price you can't beat them. I recommend them to my friends and I'd recommend them to anyone. Just pay attention to the stiffness grades and you'll be good.
This is the second one I have given as a gift. They are really neat.
Made my first bars in this today. I ordered it because it was a favorite of Sally's Baking Addiction. This is a high quality pan.
The color is great. I use it on a regular basis and it works well every time.
Very easy to clean and works great. Each comes with a cleaning supply, a container and a straw. They are bendable, reusable and eco friendly. Really like this idea of always having a straw with you. No more one-use straws for me. Great carrying case and straw brush is amazing!
Large ice chute, easy to use, fast and makes great sno ice. Love it!
Wanted organizer for silverware that was not ugly plastic. This looks very nice
I'm please with this glass pitcher- we pour hot water straight from the tea kettle to steep and then add ice cubes. No issues. The metal top has a regular opening as well as a strainer. Nice size for the refrigerator too.
Product is exactly as expected. Shipping/delivery was prompt and timely
I love love love these spoons! I wanted something fancy to add some metallic (I bought the gold) to my coffee bar without cheapening the look. They are small but fit within a normal-size coffee cup and just make me feel fancy when I use them. I have not noticed any wear or discoloration which I was afraid of being they were on the inexpensive side. However, I do not dish wash them, I always hand wash and then immediately dry them to prolong their life. They would be a cool house-warming gift in addition to maybe a tea set or something cute like that. Love them!
My children and I love these straws. My kids like to chew on them and like their colorfulness. I don't have to worry about safety issues at all, because these silicone straws are good food grade materials. And there are 3 cleaning brushes in the package, it is easy to clean the interior of the straw, I think I bought this product is a great choice, it is really too enjoyable.
I got my old one broken. And this one is fine with use. My mom can open can now
I wanted to wait for awhile before I wrote a review for these shaker tops. I love them! They may not be used everyday but they work when I need them. They are great for the spice blends I keep on hand for shaking on hot oatmeal or dusting toast with the cinnamon or pumpkin spice blends. The cover really helps to keep the shaker top clean. I hesitated to buy them because, at the time, it seemed like a luxury. Now I am very glad these little shakers are a permanent part of my kitchen. I would definitely recommend these.
I love love there reusable, leak proof and durable bags!!! I bought a set of these maybe two months ago and I use them on a daily basis. The seal of the bags are secure and airtight. It is see through so I can always tell what I put in each. It definitely save room in the fridge compared to using Tupperware for storage. I do have to wash them by hand because the zipper part is sensitive to high heat, which really doesn't bother me.
I use it in my 5th wheel trailer so I don't have to use the propane. I thought I had the right pans but some didn't work so had to get a couple other pans before I could use it a lot. It is easy to use. It starts out at a medium heat and can be programmed to boil with a touch of a button. It also cand be programmed to simmer (or whatever temp you want) for whatever time you want. Bottom line, I really like this induction cooktop.
I gave this as a birthday gift. Works great and easy to use
Ordered rose gold, and the cups were beautiful! No marks or blemishes, and packaged well. Kept drinks cold. Would definitely buy again!
Came packaged individually, nicely, and in a timely manner!
makes the cutest little bones. The dogs like them!
The coffee tastes great! I don't regret buying it.
These are very attractive glasses. The colors although pastel are very distinctive. The shape with the square bottom make yhem very easy to hold. They were delivered promptly and were well packaged with no damage. I would recommend these.
The parts work and fit Perfectly, i noticed that i can open my nutribullet easier now, the old part was dirty, with this new part is easy to clean it because of the design, these are keeping my morning smoothing chugging along with a clean blade each day
Very pleased with these toothpicks. No smell or flavor transfer, liked these much better than target brand.
I used these on the table and around the house for my murder mystery dinner party. Great addition. Not reusable.
Bought these for my party. They are really durable. The rim is enforced very well, have you lifted a drink by the rim and had the cup crack. These will not, even filled with ice and water
I really like these shakers. The spring loaded cap keeps my pepper fresher. I grind my own. It is a little sticky and clogs up the holes, but I am sure it would work just fine if you bought the store bought stuff.
This is my new best friend in the kitchen. I use it about once a day. The spiralizer is so easy to use. I make my own almond milk so the extract feature is perfect. Makes great smoothies, salsa, dressings, great everything! Admittedly it was a little intimidating at first, but once you get a hang of it the only real complaint you have is the noise. The thing to watch out for is the blades. Use extreme caution when handling-they will cut even with the lightest accidental touch :(. Lastly, don't overfill the liquid line on the blender, it is no joke and you'll have a mess all over the counter. Love the suction cups on the bottom of the unit to stabilize it on the counter top. All pieces are easy to clean, just throw in the dishwasher. The blade pieces are a little harder to clean and you will need to use the brush, especially if you're using the processor for dough. It gets stuck inside the bottom and can be challenging to get out. These are all minor issues compared to the benefits you get out of owning one of these. I hate chopping onions and now don't have to anymore. The plastic does not hold the smell of garlic and onions like some other choppers do! I'd definitely recommend this to anyone who wants a quality multi-use tool.
Look the color and design. At the moment only packing cold food and drinks and it stays cold with an ice pack for hours.
If you're a coffee snob like I am this product is right up your ally. It is only $15 and allows you to make your own cold brew!!!! I am freaking out how excited I am to have this first batch finished. The kit makes it super simple to enjoy deluxe coffee for wayyyy less $ than your local coffee shop.
Honestly, I forgot that I even ordered them. I haven't used them yet.
Good looking and works well
easy simple way to make your own ice pops!!!!!! washes well.
nice gift for father
I had been using Food-Saver bags. I much prefer these; they are more flexible but seem to be just as strong.
What can I say other than I like the brand, the price was the lowest for what I was looking for, and they arrived on time!
I firstly try these locks and they are truly surprised to me.I attatched them on my toilet in case that my little one throw toys into it.Really easy to install and attatch. Also simple to use for me and difficult for my child.
They are adorable, thick, high quality glassware. My son and I have already dropped them and nothing happened. One fell on the counter. One fell on the wood floor and there wasn't so much as a chip or ding or anything. Love them! We have dragonflies and bees. I love this company so much we will never buy another brand. Some people talk about a seam going down the side. It adds character and does not distract whatsoever. Maybe that seam helped the glass not shatter when it hit the floor?
Absolutely gorgeous! Love them!
Colorful, large, and good quality. Not sure about the absorbency. A bit stiff feeling, but they really make a statement. Very happy.
Keeps food hot for 5hr
I love it , has a lot of space
No problems here! This works perfectly with my Cuisinart coffee maker. I have had this carafe for almost a year now, and have not had a single issue with it. I wash it both by hand and in the dishwasher and it has shown no signs of wear.
Love this thing for sure. It works so much better than putting the lid over the pan. My husband loves putting the lids on while things are boiling and they always spill or over the sides it drive me crazy!! Now if I could get him to use it all the time and not just when I take the lid off and put the spill topper on myself haha.
I bought these to use as soap dispensers. Worked perfectly. Love them.
These are great they fit wonderfully in the fridge
I love this set. The egg molds are great and easy to use. They also have covers that come with them. Everything is very good quality and easy to clean. I have a 6qt Instant Pot and everything fits perfectly. Super fast shipping too! I would order from them again.
I got these for my husband, he loves them. They keep his beer icy cold, even in the Texas heat! These would make great gifts.
Fits our sink perfectly! Easy to clean and lightweight.
Nice and strong, there will be no problem with these holding things in place. The stainless finish is great so there's no worries of rust and rust stains.
Very nice silicone kitchen utensils set! Any spatula or spoon, ladle, brush, etc. you could need, are all in one set. Wooden handles are very nice, non-splintering, and have a hole on the end each handle for hanging up. The silicone holds up and is firm for cooking with, flipping burgers, etc, and the spatula is flexible if needed. Love the looks and the feel. Price is great, too. Glad I jumped on this set. They work well and can be tossed in the dishwasher for cleaning. Happy with my purchase!
Loved these napkins! They helped my daughters birthday table really pop and put together the whole Alice in wonderland theme. Super cute and good quality.
Different sizes meet different needs. I can even use one to grease an intricate cake pan.
Looks really high end!
Keeps my sons lunch warm. An extra tip is that I put hot water in the thermos for 2 mins, pour it out and then put my sons food in. I do this at 7 am in the morning and by noon, his food is still hot!
Upgraded my my non-stick cookware and this set works perfectly with them. Thanks!
I use this only for cold drinks, but it keeps them cold for several hours. Everything comes apart making it really easy to clean. Will probably buy more in the future.
Although I am not a chef I love to cook for family and friends. This knife is supper easy to handle, I see that it will probably will be with me for the rest of my life.
I spent a lot of time researching similar products, and finally settled on this one. Definitely glad I did. The coffee at my work is so bitter and disgusting, but I definitely need my cup in the morning. This product delivers a fresh cup of good coffee every time I use it. Keeps it very hot for very long, so much so that I have to use an ice cube to cool it down to be able to drink. How I use it: First I section out my coffee into those little condiment/jello shot cups at home, that way it's easy to transport to work. Next I pour the coffee grounds into the metal part and add hot water. I let mine sit and brew for about 5 minutes and then press. I leave the drinking lid off while pressing, it seems to help the airflow escape better. When that's done, I add my cream and sugar and an ice cube, screw the lid on, and it's ready to go!
Works awesome.. perfect for shipping packages!
Awesome what else can I say? These are larger than any other available on Amazon and really fit the bill. They do the job they were intended to do - seal my cup of coffee while transporting it from the kitchen and keep it warm on the cup warmer. I'm disabled, so it's really nice to have something that acts as a lid to help prevent spills during transport.
Now, my silverware is completely matched. Thank you.
These were very durable and cute, I loved them and so did my guests.
We are trying to become a more environmentally sustainable family, and these work well to cover food, we really like them!
So far, so good, with all Golden Spoon cups. Only issue I've had is the packer was a little rough on them. The clear wrapper holding the cups was ripped at the top and one of the cup rims was a little crushed. No protection around them in the big box. I will buy again and hope the packing issue will be better.
Overall it is a great pan for daily use, having been brought for 3 months, still in good condition.
Just received this slicer today and we used it to slice vegetables for a kimchi.....all I can say is wow extremely sharp and easy to use. Glad we bought this item as it will save us lots of time for processing vegetables for fermentation and canning!!
If you don't have enough space in your kitchen, this item is the perfect for you! This is so stylish organizer. I really like it and i can recommend it!
I thought these would give my room a little class and was right! Easy to mount. Picture doesn't do these justice. Lot bigger in person. I put multicolor led candles in these with a remote. Very nice addition to my room.
Good stuff here made in the USA satisfied with purchase THANKS
My sons favorite!!! He brings it everywhere. Bought two . One for back up!!!
This thing is expensive because it's high quality. It feels nice, washes well in the dishwasher, and is made from durable materials. This thing looks new after I wash it. Cheap plastic alternatives do not compare, and I worry about the chemicals in plastic alternatives, especially when heated up. This thing is silicon and glass, two perfectly safe materials to heat with food. This thing gives me peace of mind.
They're mostly good, but they are hard to wash :-/
The fact that this rolls up when not in use is wonderful
Finally made my donuts in my silicone pans. I can honestly say I learned something new and I love them. They come out the perfect size for the little ones. I don't know if I need to but I used coconut oil spray. Temp can be lowered or baking time shorter. Definitely done quicker than in metal pans. Cleaning is much easier. I used a paper towel with a little soapy water then rinsed and hung to dry. The baked on comes right off even with a finger wipe. The donuts don't get dry around the outside.
Used it for the first time today. Made scallop potatoes and ham. Cooked it on high for 4 1/2 hrs and they came out great !looking forward to trying other casseroles.
Used this for the first time and it worked well. The outside of the garlic rolled right off. You have to press down a little hard but it sure saves hands smelling like garlic.
Got this for my husband. He loves it.
This came in A-1 condition - THANK-YOU!
These are awesome! Just received these to give as a gift and can't wait! They'll love them! Have not used them so I can't speak to how they'll hold up but they look well made and of quality.
Sous Vide is the best thing that has happened to our cooking. The Anova works great. Everything that we have cooked has turned out terrific.
Perfect for shredding any kind of cheese.
A great knife sharpener that you can use in the field.
It does exactly what it's supposed to do. Great!!!
Got exactly what I ordered. Good thickness Good quality. Nothing to complain about
These are perfect for my rooster motif! They came perfectly packed, no breakage and they look great in my china cabinet
Works great... great product for great price
When I opened the package, I was so stressed about how to assemble it. But the instruction is straight forward and I could install it without any problem. It does its job. I put our cleaning supplies in it, and you can adjust the "hole" position so your pipe can go through. The height also adjustable, so I don't have anything to complain about. I'm just glad that from now on if I opened under the sink, I could grab I need easily.
I have used the popper for a month. It is The Best!!! Very fast with out any mess. I liked it so much....I just ordered a second for a friend.
If you like COLD ice cream... THIS is the scoop! My husband loves cold, hard ice cream, but you CAN'T scoop it out with a regular ice cream scoop...until now. Seriously, this is the easiest, nicest scoop ever. AND it's stainless steel, so it won't oxidize in the dishwasher. If I could give bonus stars, I would. You actually use your arm, instead of your wrist, to scoop (which makes total sense, to use large muscles, instead of tiny wrist). Awesome product!
This is one of the best feeling knives I have ever used, it is very well balanced and feels very comfortable in the hand. The handle is well balanced and actually helps you to slice easier. One of the best kitchen purchases I have ever made.
Love it! keeps everything ice cold. Like you can use with or without straw. When straw is in, there is a small gap from complete closure, but keeps ice still along time. You have to release pressure (open slider) to pull lid off, now that is a good seal! I have smaller hands and can hold bottom of tumbler very comfortably. Update - loved it so much bought 4 more couple in the 20 oz size too. Told my husband we are going through the closet and getting rid of all our other tumblers, we only need these 😁!
Nice heavy weight good for a party
Sharp!!!!! Fits well in my large hand, and my sisters smaller hand. Weighted perfectly, clean cuts!!! Glad I purchased two!
Smaller portion size allows for better portion control, works well for reheating meals and nice and easy to clean if you are stuck without a dishwasher
These worked great for my son's sports themed party!
Fast delivery as advertised .
Get a grip and grab one of these
I am.so glad I splurged and bought myself this to have for the kitchen. This is a must have for creme brulee lovers! I never thought I'd make my own at home but here I am! A lot of fun to use.
German steel knife for 6 bucks? How can you go wrong?
Excellent quality. Heavier than I expected.
Perfect, no copper taste and best of all dishwasher safe. Will buy again!
I love this product! Comes with good sized cup, chopper and whisk. Plenty of power, I use it a lot!
I love the look and durability of the enameled cast iron. The Dutch Baby I made went from stove to oven easily. It didn't stick to the pan when turned out onto a plate. I wiped it out and seasoned with a little oil in the warm pan and let it cool.
I had this exact set several years ago and was so happy to find them online. I love these, they are heavy and won't bend when you scoop out ice cream. They look so nice and I recommend them.
Really cute I used them for bridesmaid gifts.
It's a great coffee maker...as it should be considering the price point. It is easy to use and the coffee is piping hot. I would recommend it.
This is a wonderful product! If you can't tell from the product pictures, this pan is a very sturdy, solid cast iron, and it holds heat extremely well. I was pleasantly surprised at how large it is, and it came with a slight pre-oil on it, which saved me the hassle of having to oil it before first use! For our family of two, we were able to get two full meals out of a pizza this size, but since it has a low profile, it easily fits into our cabinets. The pizza turned out great, but we're looking forward to trying to bake a cobbler for the holidays!
Really helps my two year olds with table training. Instead of throwing food when they are done, they just hand me the bowl. Well made. Survived a few drops and the dishwasher (top rack). Will buy more.
Great product. Should hold enough beer and drinks for a full day pool side or beach. Which it had the top flap for quick access
Love that I can get these on Amazon!
Bought this for my husband it is so cute and goes with my kitchen so well definitely live it
Super cute and not too bad to assemble! Colors are vibrant!
If your Kitchen Aid mixer is making a crunchy/grinding sound, this might be your fix. This part is designed to fail if the mixer meets too much resistance, thus saving your motor. Replace this sacrificial part and your mixer will be as good as new.
Husband was very satisfied with this purchase. Very sharp and easy to handle
Bought this knife for kitchen. Edges are sharp with good quality material. It's skillfully crafted and is for sure very heavy duty. It came in a box which was pretty nice. Well I will say that this is my first chef knife and works for meat and vegetables alike. Will recommend this product.
I was not expecting the drill brush to work that easy. I figured I would need to also put some elbow grease behind it. But boy was I wrong. I was able to clean my shower in 5 minutes. Great product will be ordering more in the future for gifts.
Using needs to make homemade vanilla and will later on try them out for homemade kombucha. Super impressed with the price and the seal is really strong. Just so great overall value. And the dark amber color is perfect because you need it to block out the light when making your own vanilla.
Works well to make 2 sandwiches at a time!
Perfect! Just what I was needing.
This is truly a work of art. Exquisite detailing; sturdy, yet delicate; a perfect complement to any table setting from casual to formal. An excellent price, worth way more. I will be buying at least one or two more to give as gifts.
Love theses stoppers. Attractive, easy to use, and works as described. Also, the price is very reasonable. Appears to be well made and has kept my wine fresh. Definitely would recommend!
I order lots of paper products that are used during the spring and summer months for entertaining. I would say that these plates are as sturdy as they are beautiful. I know my guest are going to enjoy them. I bought the rose gold ones and they have a really pretty color, thank you for such a great product.
Keep my food warm and moist
This dessert utensil set is so pretty. The box itself with the flower print can be the gift box. The utensils are delicate and elegant. I'm so glad I bought this set at this price.
These are awesome! I used these along w the solar fairy lights and hung them from Shepard hooks in the back yard. They look amazing! I got tons of compliments!
they are easy to use and the cupcake come out right quick. the only question is will they retain a smell after while and what to do about it if it happens.
Everything is easy to clean except the filter, but even that can be done with a few minutes of scrubbing.
The inside is a little rough, but I still get what I need out of it! I love the little spoon, really comes in handy.
I use it in my camper instead of bottle water and it works great.
This is my second portable blender,I like it because it is so convenient to use and the good quality.
Using these as a "welcome" bag for my son's wedding. Great size. And excellent quality.
good product for everyday use. Easy to use and it sticks to the wall fairly well. Overall a great purchase.
Holds the White Claws perfectly! Keeps them cold and refreshing! Not tacky looking, a nice, subtle, easy to hold design.
This double-insulated Marble Wine Tumbler is soooo cute!! I love the design. It is so clean and the marble design looks so beautiful in person. Highly recommend :D
I love how easy this is to use, even my husband loves it.
Can't wait to give them to a friend this weekend at their Surprise 70th birthday party!
Bought same brand diff design for both my toddler & 4yo have had them for over a year and going strong... just got these and they love em
These knifes are amazing! definitely the best purchase Iv'e made recently. no need to spend hundreds of dollars on other brand names while you can get this set for much much less. They are sharp and smooth. Go for it!!!
Exactly what I wanted, convenient, easy to clean, fits well and not bad for the environment.
I love this pizza pan. It is very strong and durable. The gold color is very nice. I love the way it washes up. The holes in it make sure the crust is nice and crispy. If you are looking for a great pizza pan, this one is it. You will not be disappointed.
You get definitely get your money's worth out of these bundles of games.
Every kernal popped!
I like that you can take just the core out. I have another apple peeler and core that I can use. Plus I have ano apple slicer and corer. But these only cores the apple which is a nice choice too.
The water definitely taste much better
These are lovely but very expensive. I consider them worth it as a treat but not something I'd use every day. Definitely great quality though and beautifully boxed.
I had another steamer in the past and this one far surpasses my old one. It's heavier, and it's versatile as the middle stem can be removed. Couldn't be easier to use. I love it!
I bought this knife for my weekend brisket hobby. However, I used it for the first time today to slice my half ham. It was awesome! The knife was sturdy, sharp and sliced through the ham like butter. Looking forward to using this knife again!
Excellent product with a very fast digital read. We have a second home and I bought one for there also.
I used to cook many eggs. My little egg cooker could only cook 6 at same time. Now I can cook 14 eggs at same time with this egg steamer rack. The clip is also a good design to avoid scald. I like the product.
Very happy with this lunch box. It is slightly larger than the ones I use for my 9 year old's lunches but is perfect for me!
This cocktail set is so attractive and everything is neatly organized on the compact stand. I purchased it for my home bar, and I've already had several compliments on how nice it looks. The shaker also seals very well and is easy to put on and take off. This is the first time I've used pourers and really like them - they fit snuggly and do not come loose or leak. This cocktail set would make a great gift.
I used them for sample packets for food product I sell just the right size
At first disappointed just looking at it but when I put it on the table I really like it. easy to clean and I'm happy not to have to wash/iron my cloth runners. I got the brown for an oak table and it is very attractive and neat looking.
I am thrilled with this little hand mixer. Does everything they say it will. Yes, they do encourage people leave a review and will provide a gift for a positive review. That said, this is a great product, regardless. No batteries, recharges quickly, great power, multiple attachments and it produces excellent frothy milk for my morning cup of coffee. I was bummed when my coffee maker with frother went belly up. Found this product so that I could continue using my other coffee maker and not have to find another just to have a cappuccino
My husband thinks this is the best thing ever. Good gift
Works great for the large ninjas! No more losing the straw in the drink.
I always wanted a easy way to make my smoothies and also make my protein shake this product served me both my needs very well. As soo. As I come back from cycling I use this to make my protein shake and my wife uses it as well to make some really nice smoothies. Cleaning this blender has also been very easy just put some water and turn on the blender and you are done its clean. I really like the way this can be used outdoors without the wires just charge it and take it with you and you are good.
I've used many baking/cooling racks to use for baking such foods as bacon or wings and after time, they rust or get icky. So far, this item has held up and looks as great as it did when I first bought it.
The rolling pin is simply a useful tool to have in the kitchen and a must-have for bakers. This one, in particular, is long, tough, easy to use and clean. Basically it works like how a rolling pin should work. While I am not a baker, I use this to roll my chicken breast to make it thinner. A recipe passed down by Gordon Ramsey himself. Without the rolling pin, I would not have been able to achieve the desired thickness for the maximum crispiness for the chicken. :). Just kidding (or am I), overall great product.
Stays hot or cold for hours.
Bought one as gift. Was so impressed I ordered two more -- one for me and another for a gift. I love it when I find something that is well made. I have no doubt this will be the last ice cream scoop I will ever have to buy. It is boxed for easy wrapping. What a wonderful gift for ice cream lovers and anyone who appreciates fine things in the kitchen. Thank you!
Balanced, sharp, and versatile chef knife. My wife and I have used it for dicing vegetables and slicing meat over 4 weeks and the blade is still as sharp as when it was first used.
I needed a sharp, budget, chef's knife that was smaller than the fancy 10" my husband bought at Costco a few years back. That larger one is a bit unwieldy for my smaller hands, so I picked this up and it's great so far. Super sharp. Cuts like a dream. Guess who has taken to using it as well? Yup. Guess who doesn't touch the 10" blade anymore? Yup. Sometimes, he just needs to listen to me when I say, "You know, that 10" blade is just a bit large. You should get an 8" instead since it's much more versatile."
Love this waffle maker. Super easy to clean, great tasting! I'm very happy with this brand.
Got it today and tested it out on a crockpot chicken. Works, high grade materials, has a quality heft to it. App is intuitive as well.
I'm surprise this spiralizer is extremely easy to use and it works good with minimal effort. My vegetables came out good. It has 4 in 1 blade that you can use in any style you want. It's easy to clean. Just be careful handling the blades because they are VERY sharp! It's a great unit for the price.
Wow, who knew my water, tea and coffee could taste so much better!
Love the color and they keep stuff cold for hours.
Good quality and happy with the product.
Beautiful and bright colors.
Easy to assemble, good quality.
I purchased these bags following my sister's advice to be greener, and they exceed my expectation. They can hold a lot of grocery and goods at once and are very sturdy. I would not be able to hold that much grocery using plastic bags. Buying watermelon used to be a pain, but this bag make it a breeze. My family love it so much that we end up splitting the 15 bags among ourselves!
Just fits my height of 65 inches and it's easy to install.
Wouldn't bake or roast without them! These arrived on time. I've only baked cookies with them once so far,perfectly fit with my pans. The cookies did not stick at all. No slips , no burns.
This is so easy to use. I used to have a pencil sharpener type spiralizer and it took forever to make zoodles. This is very quick and smooth. I have only tried one blade but i love the option of having other shapes and options. This spiralizer does leave a core. I was a bit weary about the pronged plate the holds the vegetable, but it has been effective thus far. My mom wants me to buy her two, because she was so impressed.
I bought this because I hate chopping onions and just don't last long enough for the frozen pre-cut ones. I don't care about the "kitchen gadgets," either because it's always a pain to wash and store. BUT I must admit that washing and storing this chopper is definitely worth the price. It comes with a brush and a little "claw" thing to help get all out of the top portion and it works pretty well. I haven't used all the blades yet, but it's sharp what I used and it doesn't take a lot of effort. You need to cut the larger vegetables half or quarter to make sure they fit on the blade, but that's better than chopping the whole thing. I also like the size of the container. Plenty of room for 2 or 3 onions or all of the salad vegetables. I got carried away chopping vegetables for a salad for 2 and ended up with salad for 4! The lid is nice too making it easy to store the chopped vegetables for later.
I can a lot and needed one of this. This was good quality and great price
This is my second kettle. The first one didn't stop working I just put it in my vacation home so I needed another for my primary residence. The first one is already 4 years old and works great.
i put one in my truck for the kids' snacks, and one on my fridge. i use it several times a week. the one in my truck fell out onto the pavement and is just fine. easy to use, a fun gadget. i don't have to dirty storage containers, or fold over the empty part of the bag only to have the food go stale, and i have used less ziplock bags.
Very nice highly recommend
they worked very well. tried without spray and some did stick. Use spray and you will have no trouble.
These will work perfectly for a ladies' brunch where we wanted to be somewhat fancy but not to the point of china. These plates will look beautiful and then we can discard them if we decide not to wash. Also they are arrived very quickly.
Great design, hard, durable and good built quality. Seen such stands before in Mexican restaurants until now I own one myself. Cook in it, serve in it, eat in it, clean it easily and repeat. The concept of this brand is unique.😁
This is a great little grill pan. It s the perfect size when cooking for two. Burgers, fish,etc. I ll be cooking some bacon in it for breakfast this morning! Mm, bacon!!
Great pan that will last!
Sturdy, well made and cute! I plan on using it for Italian cookies at my baby shower.
These are the best Matt's ever. The macarons come out good every single time
we use it 2-3 times a week. Its quick and good
Ordered it to take on vacation. The burner was easy to pack and very easy to use. Food heated up very quickly.
I actually use these to cut shapes for my kids lunches. They work really well and clean easily.
Perfect. I can use these as tops or as additional serving trays. Came so quickly.
Exactly as described. Thank you!
Since there is no one had reviewed it, I would like to write the first one. I saw some people use similar UV sterilizer attached container for baby formula and fruits, so decide to give a try. The UV sterilizer is pretty tiny. It comes with a rubber sucking cup, which can magnetically connect to the sterilizer. I like this design better, so the sterilizer can be easier charged, and the container can be clean easily. Also it will works with my existing containers in any size. Then I tried it with my blueberries and some home made soup. So far so good, although I haven't notice a difference yet. Need to have a test & control set to tell difference. Btw stick on the side of fridge wall won't work, I read that UV cannot go through the container or pod.
This product has is a great price, powerful to get that desired foam, and easy to clean!
Love these bowls! So colorful and very sturdy.
I bought these kitchen shears to replace an older pair of a different brand. I am pleased with these shears. They are sharp and fit my hand comfortably. The orange handles and orange sheath make it easy to find in my kitchen tools drawer. The shears come apart for cleaning and are dishwasher safe. I recommend these.
Got and used this lunch bag for days, the appearance of this lunch bad is nice with its comfortable texture, and inside of the lunch bag has big space absolutely enough for put every thing for my lunch, well made with nice price !
The wine flask was just what I ordered. It arrived in a timely manner. I can't wait to try it out.
Pan was bigger than I had anticipated. That really is not a problem. Really makes a great fried potato.
I've Been wanting this for a long time now. It comes with a pack of bags so that is a plus. With this sealer I can store meats and veggies in the freezer and it stay fresh for a long time. You can always use it if u have bags enough.
Thank you for taking care of us here at OOHKNO and Girls and Geckos in Las Vegas as Always!
GORGEOUS, value of money, a lot pieces in 1 bag 👍👍👍👍👍
I burn myself a lot. Have narcolepsy and sometimes fall asleep at the most inappropriate times. At least with these gloves, they cover more of my arm. Haven't had as many burns since using them.
Love these containers. With grandchildren going away to college, I can pack up meals and freeze for them to take with them. I liked them so much I bought 4 more sets.
Very simple product and works just as described. Not much to note other then they serve their function and are easy to use and clean.
Everyone knows KitchenAid is the brand to get for a mixer that is durable, looks good, reliable, and easy to use. This matches the inclusions in my granite countertops and my accent paint, so my kitchen looks pretty damn near professional now! I've used my KitchenAid to make cookies, bread, pizza dough, whipped cream, and cinnamon rolls so far, I'm not sure what I'm going to make next! I honestly haven't used my hand mixer since buying this.
Very easy to use and follow. It tells you which food categories go into each container and examples of those foods. The containers are dishwasher safe which is great. Comes with a free recipe ebook and healthy ebook. Itd be nice to have two sets of this product so you wouldn't switch the containers every day. Definitely motivational and helpful tool for healthy eating !
Absolutely the BEST hot water kettle you will ever own. I LOVE the design and the functionality exceeded all my expectations. This is on my Christmas list for all my family this year
These mini dessert cups were perfect. I used them for a desert for my brunch...loved them!
This is a cute and quirky wine bag for your child's favorite teacher with a sense of humor!
I bought a set of these to add some extra space to the tall shelves in my pantry. I installed them when they arrived and immediately started thinking of other uses and realized four was not enough. They are especially useful for holding small things that get lost in the back of a pantry or things that are oddly sized or fragile. We are using ours for bags of chips, bulk bags of spices, bags of nuts, and small bowls that don't stack well. My pantry looks much neater and things are easier to find.
I am such a poor cook that I use it only in the manual mode to cook the simple things I know how to cook. The set auto timing feature is the one I use most
Great product and an ever greater price.
This was a gift for my husband and he loved it. The only downfall was the price was reduced after I had already placed the order. I did not want to cancel and reorder since it was already being delivered after valentines day.
Great buy, better that stock cups. Larger and have a spout lid
Get what you pay for here folks. Quality craftmanship, and just a beautiful beautiful knife. Super sharp! Bought mainly to carve meat, pork, etc. WOW this glides through like butter. So happy with my purchase, and am now considering the whole set by Dalstrong. Very impressed.
Arrived in excellent condition ~ as expected!
Very usable function...fits hand just right while cooking
Great for so much more than ice cream.
My wife and I love these. Great for cookies! Easy to clean!
Daughters 13th Birthday
I bought this handle for ME ! I have small hands and found that holding the large Tervis cup was difficult for me. I couldn't really get a grip. Found this handle on their site and LOVE it. Perfect solution for me. And it fits into the car cup holder which is an added bonus. Now I have also purchased 2 more for my senior gal pals who had the same issues I had. Small hands and our grip AIN'T what it used to be. The handle is the answer. Thanks
Bought them for a large party for champagne punch service and many people asked where I found them because they were such a standout!
I was microwaving foods with clear plastic wrap and it started melting. That was when I realized using cling wrap might not be food safe, despite all research to the contrary. I ended up getting this silicone cover and I've been satisfied with the results. It doesn't pop off the lid when there's too much steam, doesn't melt, and is easy to clean in the dishwasher. Note that these covers don't work well with flat plates. These covers are designed for bowls, saucers, or some kind of plates with slightly raised lips. If you use the cover on the a flat plate, then the silicone will make contact with your food.
Love this grater. We always grade our own cheese. Works super well and has held up so far.
I searched for a chef knife for my husband and this one is hands down a great knife. He does all the prep of food in our house and this was a knife that he was looking to purchase. It is affordable and the blade is so sharp and cutting with this knife has made prep in the kitchen for meals much easier. I love this knife and will be looking for others
The clock is super bright, too bright. It lights up my bedroom at night which is not cool. The projector works great and is visible at a great distance. The outdoor weather feature is not worth it. It took forever to link with the remote and it is consistently high by 7 -8 degrees. The auto clock feature would not work either, but setting the clock manually was a breeze so not that big a deal. Would I buy it again....no. Pretty pricey for an alarm clock that I don't need the alarms for, weather station is fairly useless and the features don't really work as advertised. Now if you want to land planes in your bedroom than this is the clock for you. ***Edit**** replacement clock was sent and operates much better, if you have a problem reach out to them and they will make it right.
Keeps coffee very hot and cold beverages very cold. And, I get the refill price on coffee at my favorite bagel shop. :-) I will buy a second one soon.
My husband just broke his French press so I wanted to gift him a new one. Most French presses only include the basics but it's awesome that this came with so many accessories. He used it today as soon as I picked it up from our mail box and he is a happy hubby once again.
loved everything about it.
Love this very heavy duty. All metal.
Great for keeping my kids out of the cabinets and drawers. Works well.
Use this everyday. holding up well after 2 months.
There are lots of stainless cups, but cups/mugs with a HANDLE are becoming extinct. I bought TWO since cups with a handle are MUCH easier to use while driving, without having to take your eyes off the road.
I love these for my air fryer. I also use them in my round cake pans!
Good price and always fast delivery
I love everything about this cup! It's been 2 years since I bought it, and I still use it everyday!
I used the large to cover my 15lb Turkey while it defrosted on the kitchen counter. Covered it nicely with room to spare. Easy to use and easy to store.
Work very well and no more burnt fingers.
We love our margarita machine. It works great and is a hit at all of our parties.
Product received just in time for my holiday party! They were exactly as described, the size was perfect, and was good quality plastic! Will order again! Thank You!
Used this to make cassava flour tortillas and this worked like a dream!
So beautiful. It's going to wonder full our 2 tier wedding cake.
I will never have to buy another one. This is very well made.
This is a must for those who need to style their hair and get a new look. So comfortable using the product. EXCELENTE.
My floors look shiny and new! My only recommendation would be to wait as long as possible before moving furniture back on to the floor. I waited the recommended time, and put some scratches into the wax. All I had to do was go over it again.
I absolutely love this item! The personalization makes it unique. My only suggestion is to offer more colors both for the crock itself and for the type.
I use mine for my coin collection, no plastic smell like other containers, inside cushion is perforated so you can customize cushion to fit your item(s)
Works great, cleaning is a breeze.
I have had this scale for 2 1/2 months and use it multiple times everyday and I LOVE IT! It stays on a good amount of time for me. Many others I have had shut off way to quickly. Other scales I have owned get water in the display making them difficult to read. This scale has yet to have that problem and I wipe it with a wet cloth all the time. Large, bright, clear display. Also really enjoy being able to hang it so it is not getting abused in a cabinet or drawer. I simply put a command hook under my cabinet and hang the scale. Note.....have NOT needed to change the battery yet.
Just as advertised.. Great quality shears, not flimsy or weak :) You can tell they're well made. Look forward to getting lots of use out of them!
Arrived safely appear to be good quality
If you open them slowly you will have no trouble. I think they were a great product for the price.
Thank you very much. I reserved republican of one glass. Thank you very much
Several slow cookers I bought were highly inaccurate when it came to temperature and either under-cooked the food or more serious - overcooked the food. This slow cooker was dead on. The metal pot is a lot lighter than the porcelain pots commonly used making it easier to carry a pot loaded with food especially since I use it outdoors under my covered patio when it is hot here in the Phoenix area. Highly recommended.
Just what we wanted.
Love it when we have BBQ or just don't want too much oil. It is useful when I fry eggs but do not want to eat too much oil. Pretty healthy.
Perfect for our shakes
Great,Everything the Wok is large and you can fry, stir fry, stream and more
It cooked with the same time as my steamer pot but in my regular pots . Its lower cost means I can get several of them and steam cook several items at a time using my regular pots. The only flaw is getting it out can be tricky in my deeper pots. A fork to lift up the handle and mittens to pull it fully out worked well. Beware that because it is soft silicone, heavy food can fall out if you are not careful.
The print is a little childish, but hey it adds whimsy to the bathroom.
Gift for co-worker. She loves it.
I love this kettle. I use it almost every day to make my tea. It looks nice enough where I could have it on the counter for every day use. I like the automatic shut off and I love the blue light. I will be buying another one for school.
Good product for a great price.
Great quality. Received as expected.
Like how easy it is to install batteries and to fill with salt and peppercorns. Grinds really well. Would recommend buying this product.
Thanks for the warning about closing lid tight and then loosening a quarter turn. It kept the food warm, was easy to open, and so easy to clean.
I bought this as a replacement since it is my most used pan in the set. I got 2 years of frequent use out of my last one. I don't find that the coating chips like Teflon I have used in the past but it does lose its nonstick quality after a while. I just accept the fact that i need to replace it every 2 years. Perfect pan otherwise!
Only drawback is the printing on thermometer is small and has worn off during use . When visible it was a handy guideline for proper cooking temperatures. Do like the magnet feature . Now I always no where my meat thermometer is. 😊
I use this grinder for my flaxseeds and chia seeds. According to my research, it's best to grind these seeds when you are ready to consume them for the maximum benefits. I use the seeds in my daily smoothies and this grinder does an excellent job. I would highly recommend this product! The noise is little noisy but not too bad. I give it an A+
Great lightweight pitcher
Great replacement lids, and not counterfeit. These are the real deal, plus the colors are fun.
This is a decent hand mixer that seems pretty durable. Love the cherry color!
Loved it soooo much I ordered another set!
I have had this for several months now and haven't had any problems with it.
Great knife!!! Even sliced the Thanksgiving turkey with this and it did a great job!
This is one sexy little flask. My son-in-law will love it!
These are perfect and have a lot of room! Sturdy. Love!
Best product!!! Just don't put the wand that pushes the food down to the blade without the top on. You can remove the center of the top. I kinda chewed mine up.
They hold bags closed well.
Love love love this product! Exactly as pictured and it works great!
These are beautiful. Just what I wanted.
I was very happy with this purchase. It is exactly what was advertised and arrived exactly on the date promised. By the way, it is the second time I have purchased this product from the vendor and I was very satisfied the first time, too.
Excellent product. I did not know how long it took to heat up so the first time, my plates were not very warm. I've learned
Package was damaged but product was fine.
I have the 40 oz size, which is the size of a large industrial thermos. It's too wide to for on a standard cup holder in a vehicle, so be aware of that. I usually leave it behind in the car on walks/runs/hikes, so I have nice cold water on my return. It's easy to get a brush in there, food cuz I usually drink lemon water, so it needs regular scrubbing. The screw off drink sport is just right for drinking without pilling the contents all over yourself. Overall, it's well made and strong. And the Bubba company is fantastic. When I requested to buy a new lid for my old Bubba coffee mug, they sent me a whole new mug. Bubba has a customer for life!
Awesome. Used with Viva paper towels for buttercream.
Love the environmental impact of this product. Easy to use, clean and can be used for both wet and dry foods. I lan to use the bags for both cooking (sous vide), storing, freezing and warming up meals.
This Thermos is almost too good; fill it with hot coffee or tea and take it to work, but can't drink it without cooling it down. Stays perfectly hot for at least 24hrs from my experiences. It's even better in the summer as it keeps the drink very cold for those hikes, workouts, etc. This Thermos is well made and sturdy, and works so well that we've purchased one for each member of the family to take along during trips, at work, etc.
This is my second purchase of this exact coffee maker. I love the drip dispenser without having to use a carafe. The coffee remains hotter longer and you never have the exposure to air, and therefore you never develop that bitter taste. Very good value!
This wine glass, with a letter C, was really pretty. The quality was actually better than I expected. The glass felt good in the hand, and the etching was really pretty.
Arrived promptly! Great $$ deal on this item!
I really love this product and the turn around time was extremely quick. I am very pleased.
for small projects this works well but expensive to buy trials if you have larger projects. We used three trials up and still needed gallon sizes to complete the project.If you can determine how much you need first might save yourself $$. Search for distributors in your state for larger quantities.
It works good. It is very helpful with baking, grilling. I cooked prime rib last time, and enjoyed to use this thermometer to control meat's temperature.
Easy and good for grating
They are so cute and the perfect size
So cute. Works just like described. Great for a gift .
Nice and heavy. Keeps pastries fresh for 5-6 days. Love it.
Easy to apply. Product works well on glass bottles. Erases easily and love the pen.
Thank you very much.They were working very good
What a great machine. I do not know much about coffee and making a good cuppa. All i wanted was a quick and easy machine that makes good tasting coffee.Its as simple as adding water and the pod to the machine. The set comes with some complimentary pods.
The price is not high, I was afraid of the quality, but I was happy when I got them. Perfect gifts for my best friend!
Very pleased with mixpresso. Had Keurig for 5 years. So similar don't need to learn new instructions.
My mom love it because she doesn't need knife any more for pizza 🍕! That is really cool! Stainless steel is also easy to clean.
Easy to clean and keep tabletops clean. Ive also used it to open jars and handles that require more grip. Very useful and minimal-look when left out for use.
So good looking and works as promised with self-setting
Great product. So much better that the cheap, imitation plastic ones. Heavy duty, and holds the rinds and seed for you. Definitely worth a little more money for this to last you longer than the alternatives.
Love these bags, very clean and sturdy.
Sharper than I expected it to be!
So cute and unique. Gifted it to my best friend and she's loves it. Nothing like it at the stores we shop at. Definitely recommend it to others. Great price too.
Perfect measurements
What more can I say. They are doing exactly what I wanted
I am in LOVE with this set, I know my man will love it too. It's nice and clean, perfect gift for those who love their whiskey! Very satisfied with my purchase!
Look nice, boil fast
Exactly what I ordered
This is a perfect gift to give along with a check to the newly engaged couple. Loved it
Package came fast and everything came undamaged and easy to sort! It is very glittery, just how I wanted it to be. Good price for it as well - comes with the inside pages to print easily and the envelopes!
I ordered 2 of these sets for a bridal tea, they were beautiful, they were packaged securely and arrived as expected. I am very pleased with these tea cups and saucers.
Love this product. It offers a reliable and easy way to enter the world of brewing. My brother first got on and loved it. After having some of his cider I had to buy my wife and I one. We've had a blast making cider. The instructions are clear, it comes with almost everything you need. All you need is apple juice, bottles, caps, and a capper and this becomes the perfect gift.
The slick black glass! The ability to keep my stuff fresh!
My granddaughter is into tea parties over the last year, so for Christmas I bought her a set of tea cups with saucers and for her birthday next week her very own teapot so we can have High Tea! I started out looking at the decorated teapots, but when reading the reviews was so disappointed...it's the one- and two-star reviews that I pay attention to. My eyes kept looking at this one as I would skim past, so I decided to take a look at the reviews and liked what I read. It's plain, but when I opened the box (in which it is protectively packaged), I was so very pleased! I looks so elegant! And it is the perfect size for a young lady to allow her to do the pouring, yet holds enough for three our four to have a nice spot of tea! I used to work in a tea house, so I know of which I speak. That's why I gave five stars already for cleaning, use and, of course, value...I've washed enough tea pots to know! The lid lip is the only part I would make an adjustment on...it's purpose it to keep the lid from coming off during pouring. It doesn't extend out far enough to really catch. So, I will just teach my granddaughter to keep a finger or two on the lid as she pours...no biggie. I believe she will love this elegant, light and smaller size teapot! I will write again after the tea party should I need to adjust or add any further comment. But for now, it's perfect!
Fits great over my vintage KitchenAid mixer. Easy on and off, washable and has pockets. Great quality for the price.
Has everything I need
I am so in love with this product. I cannot only cut vegetables but I tried my mangoes and it worked amazing. Definitely recommend this product!!!
I like these filter bags and find them the easiest, neatest way to make cold brewed coffee. I don't need any equipment other than a quart size Mason jar. I just fill the filter bag, add a little hot water to "bloom" the coffee grounds, top off with cold filtered water, and leave in the fridge overnight. I have great tasting cold brewed coffee without a giant mess of used grounds to deal with. I used to use a fine mesh metal filter and it was always a pain getting all the used grounds out of it and washing it. Knowing that the bags are biodegradable makes me more comfortable with using a disposable bag. Highly recommend for anyone who wants cold brew coffee with minimal fuss. Tip: place the strings on top of the mason jar lid so you don't have coffee dripping in the fridge. If you let the string hang loose, it will "wick" the coffee and cause it to drip.
It is very easy to chop onions, tomatoes and other veggies.
I love using this vegetable chopper! The product is heavy duty and is way more durable than the previous choppers I have owned. The blades are surprisingly very sharp so it can handle a lot of produce at once. I'm very sensitive to cutting onions, and usually do not cook with onions because cutting them is too much for me to handle. However, this chopper is perfect for that. It keeps the smell of the cut onions inside the chopper so my senses are not overwhelmed when I'm using onions. I recently used this chopper to make a vegetable soup and it cut my prep time in half. It is nice how fast I can now cook dinner since my preparation time is greatly reduced with the chopper. I also recently used the spiral slicer for some ribbon fries and it worked perfectly. I highly recommend this vegetable chopper!
I bake a lot during the fall/winter I had a rolling pin I bought at a local store, and the handle kept on coming off. I search for rolling pins on Amazon and I came across this rolling pin. I ordered two of them one for me and one for my sister. We both love them. The size is perfect to roll whatever you like from sugar cookie dough to pizza dough and the best part is that this pin is light, not heavy at all, and very easy to use, the finish is smooth when you are rolling your dough there are no marks on your dough. This is a great product.
I have a few espresso cups and have been looking for a perfect size and "feel" and I have finally found my perfect espresso cup with these double wall cups. They are the perfect size for me. I use a little 1/2 and 1/2 heated, then using my Nespresso machine I use one espresso capsule and it fits the cup perfectly. I like the feel of this cup, it fits my small hands nicely. I love how my drink stays hot for the whole time I am enjoying my coffee. They wash up great. I wash by hand. They look great and are a very nice quality. A perfect espresso cup!
Who would imagine that a little kitchen tool could bring so much happiness. We had a summer of bowls of cherries, no pits, no mess. Little kids love to help pit the cherries. They even help to count the pits each time because we don't want any nasty pit surprises. I love this tool.
I bought the weights and the fermentation airlock lids for the widemouth jars. This was a very good purchase. So far I've made over a gallon of refrigerator pickles using these and they're yummy! I love that it doesn't require that I remember to daily "burp" my lids, but it allows the gasses to escape. Nothing gets in, either.
Like this wok a lot.
Great Product no problems so far and easy to install.
I like everything about it, well made,looks good,lettering done great,good directions for sealing the barrel. Just loved it so my husband he was so happy with it gave it for our anniversary. Definitely recommend it. Gonna order more in a future for my dad and brothers
They are not as sturdy as I thought when I ordered them. But they store baby food great.
Item arrived earlier than I thought it would and is the perfect size for me.
Easy to wash and care for. Better than aluminum foil for the environment.
My wife love it very much since she's in the kitchen alot best then for her feet
Using this product to spread acrylic paint on my canvas
Highly recommend throwing out your old measuring cups and replacing them with this set. Saves space, stacks nicely, cute colors, and the ticks are very readable.
Just like at the restaurants. Good cups for out by the pool.
Excellent product, light weight, easy to use, easy to stowe away. My knives are back to life.
Funny and large my favorite glass and coasters thus far.
The plastc box is fine,used these for my son birthday party for candy,perfect for 8 piece candy,recommend the cute box and seller,
I usually bought the Foodsaver bags but thought they were costly. I think they are of the same quality and cost a lot less.
Fast and easy to use, helped seal up a few sirloin steaks I had. As well as a few fillets, worth the money!
Love my red copper pans but did not have lids for them. I found this and hoped it would work. Wonder of wonders it fits! Now I can cook without splatter or mess and drain off grease in a snap. The construction of this lid is pretty brilliant too! No burnt fingers if I remove the lid without a pot holder.
Love this knife. Not only does it slice bread with ease, but I find the sharp blade more than a match for cutting vegetable, fruits and many other items I would typically select another knife for.
the coating is very good
If you're looking to class up your whiskey and you are one of discerning tastes but limited financial resources, get this set. It won't break the bank, so you can go ahead and splurge on that top shelf bourbon and a box of nice cigars. It will perform the task at hand in classing up your drinking time. That being said, it cannot help you if you're a hipster... in which case you'd probably just be drinking your whiskey with a mixer and smoking a menthol cigarette, because you really don't like the taste of your sin, but you think it makes your mustache look cool. You should probably go back to drinking vodka- cran through a tiny straw anyway. For everyone else, this is a great buy. You will not be disappointed.
Just what I expected
Love it, very good quality
Great drying rack. Easy to assemble and seems steady enough. The flat mini wrench that comes together with the kit is useless though.
These coasters do exactly what they are supposed to do. They are absorbent but don't soak through to damage the furniture. I love the minimalist look and compact holder.
Amazing party kit for the price. The bride to be loved the color scheme. So many items in this box. Lots of balloons, even photo props which were perfect touch for the memory photo album she received. Definitely getting this for my next daughter.
Worked great for my needs.
I absolutely love these containers. They are are perfect for small pantry to get organized look. They come with black sticker tags and white pen for a clean put together look. Very good quality.
Great for getting all that mayo or peanut butter out of the jar.
These are very cute little glasses. There's actually a lot of spice that can fit in a glass and they seal up pretty tied.Nice big opening for the measuring spoons to fit in there. I only gave this two Stars because one of the jars was already broken when it got here. I didn't notice until I had already filled half of the glasses with spices. When I looked and returning them it would have cost me dollar 5.99 to return. Update: Seller send me two new jars that were packaged very well. Thank you. Now I am a happy camper with my jars.
Great little cooler. Easy to carry and keeps things cold.
These filters will give you superb coffee every time.
This has got glass jar which is amazing, my previous one had plastic which changed color within few months. With glass this is amazing, build quality is good and has slight weight which justifies the stability it needs. I use it for quick smoothies at breakfast table which is too good. Single charge lasted a week for me where I did 2 shakes a day. Blades are pretty sharp take extra care while removing jar and washing it. Overall a good handy buy.
The color in person is great! This is extremely well made and durable. The quality is great for the price. Would highly recommend.
I couldn't ask for a better product!!!! I absolutely love it. Fast and easy juice and easy clean up.
Beautiful and huge! Love it.
Great seal and are easy to wash by hand not dishwasher safe. Sturdier than a ziplock. The price is also great compared to what I've seen.
Basically a kitchen slicing knife, for the money can't go wrong.
Love my instapot! And the lid? Wowza! Make it even easier! This was shipped perfect & a nice note as well!
I had a new sink put in and wanted to streamline the area. This piece worked out perfect.
The product does exactly what it is designed to do. It is light and easy to move or roll up.
This is absolutely the best skillet I have ever purchased or used. I am 80 yrs old and have been married 61 yrs so I have used a lot of different products. I am ready to replace all my skillets with this product.
Paid with my own coins . At first I was very skeptical. I'm on my weight loss journey and also going Zero waste free so Goodbye Plastic and those Toxic chemicals. These beautiful Glass meal prep containers are well made and sturdy not that heavy I will not! microwave with the lid on or oven they will be hand washed Packaging was very good no broken pieces each individual wrapped I'm Very Very Happy Highly recommended! You won't regret it
Works great. I paired this with a small power converter and now there are few days when it is not in use for a hot meal waiting in the vehicle at meal time. So much better than going out to lunch.
i'm definitely a beginner lol but this kit made it easy to get the cake frosted,I love it!!! my decorating skills need more practice but believe me before this kit it was much worse.
I make one pot of coffee for myself in the morning and this carafe keeps it hot all day for me.
Good product. I didn't realize the size...Fitz-all at that size.
These piping tips arrived timely and in great shape. Haven't had a chance to practice with them yet, but I'm looking forward to it.
Perfect for our grad party!
Good price, as advertised, arrived in timely manner.
This knife is excellent! Thumbs up!! Very sharp and worked very easy slicing up big fruits. Would def buy again and would recommend.
Look beggar than photos and very great!
Who doesn't love Pooh Bear. The tervis cup arrived as expected. Works great. The Design quality is top notch and best thing is I don't have to deal with sweat rings on the furniture. Plus no metal taste that you get from those popular metal cups. Good Job Tervis!
These are better then explained. They are great. They keep my stuff hot and do not burn my hands. I love them. They fit perfect in my car too
Amazing cups. They are big though so if you're not looking for a huge cup go with the 16oz ones.
I enjoy cooking on gas and although I have an electric stove installed in my home, I use this little stove quite often. I've been very pleased with how easy it is to use and to keep clean! It cooks like a champ!!! I just wish there was a way to connect it to a bulk bottle.
Great quality and pass the pinch test!
These are quite nice and added a little color to my holiday gifts.
working well...excellent quality!
I have been needing silcone tongs. I didn't want to scratch up my new pan set. These are amazing. Very sturdy and easy to use. Plus, I love the colors. Highly recommend for any kitchen
Very nice steamer. Great quality Fits perfect in my pressure cooker. Love that I get more eggs done this way. Just as pictured.
I have two, one for salt and one for pepper and they're perfect! After you order, the company personally reaches out to you. Their customer service is excellent and I wish all companies were like this!
Love the Yumbox. This is our second one because the smaller size is now too small for my right year old's lunch. Love the design, the fact that the lid can't get lost, keeps food separate. I haven't fully tested the leak resistance of this one but I know my other one is great
Totally awesome! Slices through roast with ease.A win in our family. Thank You!
u head a little strength to use it it's not for ppl with arthritis
These were a huge hit as Christmas gifts so cute!
Love this butter crock keeps butter fresh much longer out on counter and it is so pretty
Great set, I gave it as a gift and my friend was pleased!
I buy packs and packs of ziplock bags so often and once used they have to be thrown out but now that i found these reusable bags i won't need to keep buying more, you just wash with warm water and soap and use them over and over again. They're very sturdy and durable and they come in 3 different sizes, small size can be used for anything like snacks or even a sandwich can fit in there. I've been using them to freeze my chicken and not get freezer burn and so far so good.
Bring back memories when I was a kid and my mom would fill the molds with juice. :)
We bought these for our son's daily lunch to reduce single-use plastic waste. They are very nice and quite large. The head is a bit shallow, so don't plan on using them for soup, but otherwise quite functional.
Great choice with bright colors now I can pick up and go fits in my car cup holder yeah
Compact and works beautifully!
As an event planner, I've used these at outdoor/poolside parties. They add a 'sophisticated' elegance, but no worries about having 60 dinner plates/dessert dishes and flatware that can break or get lost. The matching cups were used for wine. I've purchased many sets and used black & white linen tablecloths to dress it up even more. The napkins were used from the set as they feel like and are the size of a cloth napkin.
Its only a bottle, but they got it right. Cleans easy and seals tightly. I cannot really ask for more!
Amazing how these work!!
I love everything about this storage shelf. It's very versatile. Could be used in garage or bathroom etc. I'm using mine for spices, as pictured. This is a huge improvement from keeping spices in a drawer as I once did because bottles are upright and I can locate what I need quickly. It is expandable so I can pull this out further to hold a little more! The plastic seems very durable- not the thin, brittle type. The design is great, not only because of the retractable/expandable feature, but because there are built up edges so items stay in place better.
Purchased and worn by adults and fit perfectly but would fit children too. The band was quite flexible. Was very pleased with purchase at a very reasonable price.
Smaller than I thought but still good. Fast delivery.
I swapped out the spigot for a stainless steal version and it works perfect for kombucha! No leaks and looks great!
This product is exactly what we were looking for.
Good quality!! The material is a soft plastic, they are very easy to use and easy to clean. Comes with the egg cutter too. Very satisfied!
Wow!!.. I'm impressed with the quality and loved the price!!..
Just as described. We use it every day! Love it!!!
the fact that it comes with the edison bulb makes this a prime choice!!! id order a thousand if i had the use for em all.
Very sturdy with enough space that I don't have to refill it frequently.
I don't know how I ever lived without this product
I bought this for my son who loves baking cookies. They are cute, durable so far, and are easy to use.
Super great product at a great price. I love it.
Colorful & fun. Ones I received don't have the grid marks on the trunk, which is good because I plan to have them engraved.
Looks good on my Santa Claus.
Great to store and transport my fresh cold pressed juice! Wish the cups were a little smaller or cane in different sizes though.
There is a reason this has so many good reviews. The best pizza cutter EVER. I am going to buy all my family this. You dont have to worry about a handle breaking off and it comes apart easily so that you can wash it. Glides right through with minimal effort.
I made a perfect 4 layer cake! This was SO easy to use.
I love it im very happy cant wait to use it. Very well made.
Super easy! Will never buy a rotisserie fryer at Costco again! Was reluctant to buy the 5.8 but I'm so glad I did. It's easy enough to cook in and then placed food in Ziploc baggies in the deep freezer! Juiciest fryer I've ever made!!
I like that it is a bit more compact than what I previously owned. Five quarts seems to do everything that six quarts would have done.
Way sharper than my other ones I have. Great product
This pizza stone is awesome, It's the perfect size for pizzas up to 16 inch , Heavy duty quality stone . It bakes your pizza with a perfect crispy crust . I would highly recommend this product and will be purchasing it again for gift giving
So far these stackable pots does what it suppose to do. Quality stands up so far so good.
What can I say.. we'll built, easy to identify the size needed, plus they look good
Works like I'd expect. The rubber is solid yet flexible and seems high quality.
We were honestly really afraid we were going to receive a knock off like so many other have, but we didn't! This is the REAL THING, folks! It's durable and great quality. My favorite part is that it is small and compact, making storage easy.
Very easy to put together - takes less than 3 minutes. You don't need a screwdriver or any additional tools, the pieces just screw into each other. Lightweight, but sturdy. Easy to transport and clean. Very fancy and stylish.
Didn't find instructions helpful but watched video on you tube which was great. I am more of a visual learner anyway. Loved the product. Making apple pies galore!
I bought this for my friend who just bought her first house and she loved. She keeps it at work and has gotten compliments on it. I would definitely recommend.
I was looking for a storage solution that did not take up a lot of counter space. This was perfect because I can place it against the wall and it holds 50 cups without being bulky! Love it!
My husband makes the coffee everyday so my review for this coffee maker is that it makes great coffee! He says that he really likes the ease of preparing the coffee and the easy cleanup. We are very happy with the Barista!
I initially purchased this mug as a gift. However, once it arrived, I decided to keep it for myself and purchase a second one for the gift. A pet peeve of mine is when a mug sweats. This mug does not sweat!!!! It also fits securly in my car's cup holder. I really like the color too. The stainless steel is accented with a smokey tint colored lid.
Bought this for a temporary stay in the US as I don't like to use microwaves. It's a fantastic piece of kit. Heats up fast, works perfectly and is an insane deal.
In my area restaurants and bars are no longer using straws so I put these in my purse and use them when I'm out. They are easy to clean and come in a variety of colors so it's hard to leave them behind since they stand out
Is a very nice looking, though larger than I wanted, whistling tea kettle
Perfect size for cooking frozen vegetables. Easy to clean. I like the fact that they are clear. I bought two and love them.
This product is awesome. Love it love it! Don't forget to pull the peels but putting a full clove or two in at once is so great. Should be in every kitchen.
Set is so cute and quite study. Love it!
Someone gave me one as a gift and I love it so much, so I got this as a gift, and she loves it.
I needed all 3 sizes. They wash up nicely.
Used this for a party and it was great. Very sturdy and received several compliments
Was very pleased with the quality. Gave it as a Christmas gift to a Sommelier.
This is the perfect size for making cookies as far as I'm concerned. I have 2 others in different sizes that I use for different purposes and have had them for years, meaning they are super durable and functional.
Got these for the price And they are beautiful! My husband took a piece of high grit sandpaper to them and finished them with his favorite wood finish. We mostly have used them for serving trays because they look great!
Its a little to small
These two glasses are crystal, not glass, and are lead free. The design makes the glass easy to hold and they have a nice and perfect weight to the bottom. Your drinks will have a gleam to them due to the crystal glasses being high grade products. The glasses came quite quickly and I was also emailed by the Nutri-lock Company to make sure my order had arrived and in good condition. Indeed it did arrive in good condition due to some pretty innovative packing in a very presentable box that shows the high quality of these crystal glasses. I am beyond pleased, and that comes from a particular person. These are glasses you can feel good about using or gifting. They are completely classy and absolutely functional. Enjoy a pair of your own, by purchasing the best crystal glasses that much research brought to my attention.
This is the first steel coffee mug I've bought that doesn't have that horrible metallic taste! Would highly recommend if you hate the taste of stainless steel like me!
The coasters are absorbent. They match my farmhouse decorating style. I received them wrapped very well. I would purchase them again.
Bought this as a Christmas gift and my brother really liked it
I like that my tea is all organized, my husband laughed as I have too much to fit in this
I love high quality products and this seems just like that. Love the price because you can get a crappy set and spend more. These seem way nicer. I have cooked 2-3 times since purchasing. My food seems to heat up faster than with my fancy hand me down set. so happy to have purchased this and so far no problems. Will update if anything occurs!
Makes cookie making so much easier and faster when placing dough on sheet pans. Now all I need is the small one to make my collection complete! Easy to wash by hand. Will update review if any problems occur later.
Packed full of everything you need to start decorating cakes and decorating cookies! Excellent value.
They are dishwasher safe and very easy to clean and easy to use for eggs and baby finger food
Brews well and keep the coffee hot. As long as you warm up the carafe prior to filling it up with coffee. I owned a previous coffee maker ,same unit different brand name and it lasted 4 years. Considering Im used to getting a year out of a coffee maker . Its worth it.
I really like garlic but I hate to peel and cut it! Finally, I got this tool! The silica roll can help me peel the garlic super easy! it also has two different type of cutting tool ---- mincer and slicer. I can use the different sharp of garlic to cook different dishes! Amazing tool! Will recommend to my friend!
Great water bottle! Love it.
hese are perfect. I wish I had bought these a long time ago. I highly recommend them and I would definitely buy again.Five stars.
Beautiful and reliable like all my other purple Paula items.
Grandson loves it easy to clean
Works as expected. covers fit very well. Keeps the covers from scratching each other. And increases storage.
I wanted to replace some very old Tupperware shakers without paying Tupperware's outrageous prices and decided to try these. I was a little dubious about needing to hold the top cap open while using them, but it isn't inconvenient and the shakers are a fine replacement for the Tupperware I had before.
I got this for my husband for his birthday and he loves it! everyone who sees it wants one.
Product is great and as described
I bring goodies to work a lot so I've already used this quite a bit. I accidentally spilled some mix on the pan and it baked on but it was so easy to clean off. I definitely recommend!
LOVE these spatulas. They will get every last bit of food out of bowl or pan. Now I want some spoons made just like these.
Recently moved and was able to store them away at the new house. Would recommend this set for storing many dishes, pleasantly surprised how much they hold!
Buy a few days, come back to review after use, really good, absorb dust very quickly, inside have 2 bag to change wash, put on the table to use very convenient
Love this, mounted out of the way. Adjust paper length.
I've been wanting to do this for a while to reduce plastic. I had been buying my spices in bulk from my local health food store for a while but was accumulating all the little plastic bags which is very bad for the planet. Now I have all these great glass jars and they come with racks and labels. I just have to add an extra label to each jar to put down the "tare weight" of the empty jar and the PLU# for the spice from my local bulk store, then whenever I need to refill I can take the jar to the store and refill it directly instead of wasting more plastic bags or throwing away other containers. Very enviro friendly this way. Let's get rid of plastic ! Aloha
I can not say enough good things about this Ice Cream Maker I have made strawberry Ice cream already, the directions are so clearly stated and it does everything they said it would! This is also so easy to clean! I am so happy with this machine, I had wanted one for many many years and so glad I picked this one!
Great addition for a coffee connoisseur! If you like different ways of brewing coffee, experiencing what flavors different styles can produce, this is a great addition.
The size was great and all Hydro Flasks are LEAK PROOF 100% and that to me is best feature! Plus it keeps your tea/coffee HOT . Thanks.
Exactly what we ordered and at a great price. Delivered as promised. Couldn't ask for anything better!
bought these for work to store snacks and cereals & they're a hit in the office! It also saves us on supply costs to buy the foods in bulk instead of the individual packaging (plus less waste for the earth!) & the employees love using them more than a jar as we did previously. Plus they're easy to open/close and the top lid seals air tight, can pretty much store any foods in there.
I use these in my classroom for behavior management. Work great.
Does the job & much easier to clean these than the microwave.
Bought this for my daughter who recently moved into her first place and she loves it! Works well!
Beautiful bag and matching paper, my mom absolutely loved them both and kept them. The designs on the bag are glittery, so be wary of handling it a lot; it will definitely put purple glitter all over your hands. Overall, I'm really pleased with the purchase.
Excellent product at an excellent price. Sharpens knives and scissors to a cutting edge.
This is a Great Chef Knife bag holds 8 knives securely, heavy duty zipper and the bag's material is good gauge material. After seeing this knife bag I think it is worth twice the price compared to others I have purchased in the past !
Great for organizing small items that always tip over in the refrigerator, they're also great for food storage in the pantry.
I had a couple of glass jars where the gaskets had dried out. After a little research I decided to go with silicone gaskets instead of rubber. I decided on these because I just loved the bright green color. These have a lot of stretch so they fit both of the jars easily. They seal the jars tightly so no more stale snacks in my house. I'd highly recommend these.
Product came fast and in great shape. The cake molds have cute little sayings on them and came with bonus cupcake molds. Very easy to wash. Very happy with this purchase.
This is the most amazing tool! It's quite easy to operate. There are so many things I plan to use it for. It comes with a roll of bags so you can get started right away. It actually does keep food fresh longer. I was shocked when a sliced, sealed avocado was still green after 4 days. You can buy bulk meats, vegetables & fruits sealed & save money. No more freezer burn! You can also use it to seal items for use on water activities to protect from moisture. I'm thinking I'll try sealing small items when packing for a trip so no leaking issues. I'm very happy with this purchase & would recommend this to everybody.
Better than any other spatulas I have owned or used !
These are extra long and great for reaching into the oven to turn over bacon, or to use on the stove top in a large pot. They are smooth, no splinters and strong.
I use the product to make pie crust.
Nice for family gatherings.
One of the best kitchen items I've bought!
Have had so many compliments and one guy wants to buy this for his office!
Just arrived yesterday and I've used them to cut a whole watermelon, veggies and a cube some meat. Great deal!
I've used this proofing basket for more than just bread. It does work great and the bread comes out looking like I bought it at the local bakery.
Very sturdy! Sharp blade and peels perfectly. Cleans easily and is easy to use.
This thing breaks the laws of physics. I place raw pop corn in the product, place in microwave and activate the microwave. Some sort of teleportation must occur because when I remove the product from the microwave, the corn is gone and it is replaced by a good tasting, fluffy white food stuff. Go figure. The transference is not complete, but one can not expect miracles from such a low-tech device. I wonder if the corn goes to the same place that socks do when I dry them? Hmm...
Wonderful! Good quality and make for some cute treats. They turn out pretty big, so just be aware of that. Love the little cook book, of course you can look up plenty of recipes for dog treats as well. I found a grain-free peanut butter treat recipe online and made those, they turned out soft and my dog loves them!
the pan worked great! made a awesome key lime cheesecake!
They are adorable!!! I think I will start collecting these s/p shakers :)
I have wanted a food sealer for years, but for some reason I just never made the purchase. Well, now I have, and I am so happy with my purchase. This is a great little machine. The machine is easy to use, instructions are easy to understand, and I couldn't be happier. Vacuum sealing my produce is the best, because it is lasting much longer, and I was even able to seal snacks (chips and popcorn) in their original packaging. No more wrapping bulk meat purchases in saran wrap and then a freezer bag...just seal my purchases using my handy vacuum sealer bags and machine, pop them in the freezer, and feel confident that they will last much longer!!!
These are great pre-cut bags. I'm using them with my NutriChef food saver and they work great. I will definitely be buying more when I'm running low. They seal nicely.
I love this product, it is an amazing set. it is a great product for a great price. The product is durable And easy to clean.
Love this jar opener. Needed it if my husband was not around to open jars. A neighbor told me about it. A bit pricey.
This is the perfect size for my take to work meals. Hold plenty of food and fits nicely in my lunch bag.
Great product! Great experience!
Great splatter screen. I just received it to use with my All-Clad cookware.
Was a gift for my husband he loves how light weight and easy it is to use how sharp it is he will have many hours of enjoyment from this
I'm very happy with these fondant tools. They work well and are an amazing value for the price.
I love these. The lids are easy to snap shut and open. I had some others that I could hardly open or close, got rid of them. I highly recommend them.
Nice and big without taking up a whole shelf in the community fridge at work! Plenty of space for enough food for a 12 hour shift or a 12 hour day at school.
feels well in and balanced in your hand. sturdy, stands up to dishwasher and large enough for wonderful liquids.
I'm glad I spent a little more for this cute retro toaster. Works great on bagels too. It has a lifter so you can get your toast out easier. I love mine!
Bought these to replace the MANY resealable sandwich bags my family uses for my kids' snacks. My daughter loves snacking on pretzels and goldfish crackers while we're out and about, but usually can't reseal them effectively - leading to spills on top of a bag that maybe will get 1 more use before it's thrown away. When they initially arrived I did note that they had a rather strong "plastic" smell, but after an initial rinse and some time to breathe, they don't have any strong smells anymore. These zippered bags are great for dry snacks, and I love that my kids can easily reclose them. Cleaning so far has been just a light wipe with a soapy sponge and a good rinse before drying. So far so good! I hope they will last a good long while so we can stop burning through baggies.
I bought this for my father.
great set of knives...!!!
These make meal prepping easy! I put them in the fridge, freezer, microwave and even dishwasher... no issues!
I originally bought this for my cruise since I was told Carnival no longer had plastic straws. Well I've been back from the cruise and still use it. I love that it has a key chain piece.
One came broken, not careful when delivering
Love my new coffee canister . Easy to use. Great in appearance . Has a convenient measuring cup.
Great! Lightning fast and accurate.
OK ...... to start, these are great cups, well worth the money. Now onto the issue of the holes in the handles pointed out by other buyers, .......? I don't know what to make of them, but I believe I read that's its inherit in the manufacturing process???. Anyway, not a great idea as I'm sure it's going make if more difficult to clean, how unhygienic, I don't know. Since I only plan on using for coffee and tea, I don't think it will do a lot of harm and I will always give them a good scrubbing after each use! After all that being said, I still think I'm going to buy a second set to give me four matching mugs. I'd recommend, just don't look at the holes and I think you'll be fine.
Can't believe I only paid $25 for this! I have several professional grade knives I paid much more for that are the same quality! Definitely a must have in every kitchen!
I love this. I am using it to display some Christmas decorations and I was extremely surprised by the quality. Much better than I expected for the price.
I have been wanting one of these sets for a while now. Finally purchased and I am pleased to have these. I would change them at all.
Exactly what I expected. Great quality. And provided additional gaskets for a secure for.
We love this product! I hate to mash meat, it's tedious and honestly grosses me out - this tool makes it a breeze and I'm so happy we bought this. Husband loves it too - when it came in the mail he was really excited and after using it himself he's appreciative that I found it. Works great - def recommend!
Using this very carefully pet the instructions, and it is holding up great. This really distributes heat to the edges much better than other pans of this type I have tried. Very easy to clean and no rough spots on the coating.
Good spoons for many stove top cooking tasks. I purchased after ruining my old spoon by leaving it boiling stock while cooking (don't do that!). I won't make that mistake again but if I did I'd have 2 more spoons waiting!
Chili turned out good-the different qt settings make it easier to cook for one person or several
I was very happy to use this salad cutter, it works very well! I placed my lettuce in, then topped it with a chunk of red onion, cucumber, strawberries and cheese. My salad came out chopped and ready to go! I love how the basket can also be used as a strainer! Can't beat this price for such an easy product to use!
Was exactly as pictured and came VERY well packaged. Corrugated squares are placed between each dish/bowl to prevent breakage. They are just the right weight, not too heavy and not too light. The quality is higher than I expected from a modestly priced dinnerware set. Only wish they sold a set of 8!
Great little travel mug. It's attractive, nearly impossible to spill, and easy to clean. I went hiking in sub-freezing temperatures to see a frozen waterfall and it kept my tea hot for at least 4 hours.
Works as advertised.
These are great. Keeps drinks cold ny pool for hours!
I absolutely love Vietnamese coffee and this filter is pretty perfect! It makes a great cup of coffee for wake me up in the early morning. It works great, and easy to used and cleaning. Nice filter that I bought!
hid around the house. loved them. no missing duck. great product
Ok Bags, works as expected.
Well made and looks great. A must have for Star Wars fans.
Loved this rack for cooling cakes or roasting chicken in my oven.
This worked out very well. These chocolate treats were a hit.
These were so adorable for mini cupcake toppers for a baby shower! They arrived kind of dirty so I had to clean them all really well before placing onto cupcakes, but they were still really cute.
I like the double wall design. It's very beautiful. It also suits the use of hot and cold. Clean cups by hand or in the dishwasher
These come nicely packaged. Perfect for a gift. Lids stay on tight. I highly recommend this product.
I bought these to replace an old wooden 4 shelved unit I've had for years. Brightened the wall in a small apartment kitchen that gets little natural light. Allows me more cabinet space for pantry. Not difficult to install. Only used the screws, level & ruler to hang how I wanted. I am NOT a great DIY person, so anyone can do this! Would definitely recommend.
Product worked great !!!!
This electric wine opener is very good, it looks good quality, It is very convenient to use and suitable for girls.
Great quality, shipped quickly. Dishwasher safe
I the color and the weight of the tumbler
Works for me!Great for the price!I don't expect it to work forever but so ft it's doing its job every day with no problems!
Perfect for my Kirby vacuum and small apartment.
Love it and can go in oven. Don't like the price
I really love these lil bags I used it for my kid small toys so now everything looks very organized
The stone coasters I received vary in color from almost white to tan, but the company let me know that you can request matching ones if that is important to you. They want the customer to be pleased. The coasters are truly natural and come with the markings and feel of a natural stone. They seem to be quite absorbent so far. They are a nice size for almost any cup or glass. They are nice and heavy so I don't think they will slide around easily. The cork backing works well to protect the counter.
Only con I found is cord isn't very long. .heats up in seconds. .I cook alot of things in it. ..
This keychain is an excellent high quality item!! It is the perfect size. I was very impressed with the weight, size, and shape of the keychain. I didn't even realize there was a bottle opener on it! The bottle opener doesn't affect the look of the punisher skull at all! The colors on the keychain are beautiful and enhance the whole look of the item perfectly!! I was so very happy I found this item through the South Creek Trading Company! Outstanding item of outstanding quality at an outstanding price!!!
These are way bigger than they look AND that's fabulous!
I have been using this pot everyday for about a month now to steam baby food and veggies. It has been very durable so far. Seems like good quality as well.
Nice quality but was a little small for me
This bottle can hold any form of liquid for consumption. Also comes with a metallic slinky ball decoration. Fun product!
Granddaughters loved this product !!
These bags are soft and fold down very small. They are easy to carry with you or store in your car. They work great and eliminate the need for wasteful plastic bags.
Very nice set! Good quality!
Shipped fast. Better than expected.
I love these! I needed a container to pack my lunch for work that had a clear lid so food could be visualized for security purposes. These are working great for this. I love that the compartments are divided so I don't have to take multiple containers. They have washed well and done well in microwave.
These came right on time for my little gathering. The colors a just so beautiful! Very absorbent and sturdy. They were easy to clean. My guests raved about them so I'm going to be buying them as gifts to them.
Works well for holding loose leaf tea. Sleek look and convenient scoop which is held under the lid by a magnet so you don't lose it in the tea. I would recommend.
Received as advertised.
My wife loves them! Very happy good quality, shipped quick!
Pans came securely packaged. They look to be of very good quality and so far could not be happier as they perform as advertised.
Used this at my wedding
Bought this for my brothers girlfriend for Christmas. She loved it.
I bought it for my mother in low . She loves to backed bread and made dumplings. This is good size and easy to clean
I am a hobby baker, after mastering fondant want to expand and practice my piping skills. This set has all the tips I need for piping on cakes and also for creating wonderful buttercream flowers. Great price and fast excellent delivery service. Would definitely recommend. Case keeps all tips safe and box contains a wonderful reference guide to tips and what piping would look like.
The bottles have a tight seal and are packaged really well.
Great product,top quality & fits good
This grill is so fantastic I use it almost every day for indoor grilling. I recommend this for everyone! So super easy to clean its actually kind of fun. Put down the flaps to let the grease drain out into the tray. Theres no timer which is perfect for me since I pretty much just babysit it. This is perfect for me.
Arrived way ahead of initial tentative delivery date. Fit well - 1 minute fix, wish I had ordered this replacement knob months ago.
Holds very strong on Instant Pot 6 qt
These coasters are great! Funny, durable, and the price is right. This is my second purchase. My friend loved them so much, that I've decided to gift them.
Easy to blow up. It's long and holds a lot of bowls. Indispensible for summer picnics!!!
Great for banana Pudding or cupcakes
This is so easy to use and great for cleaning
Great for keeping your coffee cold without watering it down.
This board is thicker. Functionally, it is the same, but that extra weight has an upside and downside. Plenty large enough and the juice groove is perfect. I also appreciate the handles underneath so you can lift it without tilting.
This blender blends better then the bullet. Great price and not to loud. I highly recommend this blender.
Absolutely beautiful. It's a Christmas gift for my daughter and I can't wait for it to see it!
Lovely box, lovely sellers. Wish it came with one more divider but it's a really great bento!
Awesome bowls. No issues thus far. Perfect size for a meal!
Just as good as the brand name
I got these for my twin toddlers to drink smoothies. They LOVE them and can't bite them the way they have plastic straws. I love them too.
Love it! Can last for weeks for me (on the dimmest mode) without charging.
We needed something to organize our water bottles and travel mugs. This works great! They fit in the cupboard well and left just enough room to store our extra reusable straws to the side.
Great for muddling drinks, foam for cold brew coffee, whipping cream, and the Panna Cotta recipe in the included book was fantastic. Self cleaning is also a huge time saver.
This is a great little gadget. Powerful. Stays charged. Well made.Its a back saver and easy on the knees.Made cleaning effortless and easy to reach and clean shower tiles,bath tubs and bathroom floor.Very happy with my purchase.
It was an excellent bargain. Easy to clean and was just as promised.
I have the bobble drink container. It is wonderful for both travel and regular use when you don't know the quality of the water. I dislike using single serving plastic bottles and adding to world trash. Beth
Very cute. My daughter picked it out. It was plastic and the design didn't rub off. The cup still looks new and has been washed a few times already.
Excellent quality! I've reordered I love them so much.
Very handy to get all tools for making pumpkin lamp and knives are fine.
Works great, extremely easy to use and clean and is powerful enough with multiple blades to do pretty much anything
I got these straws for everyone in my family for Christmas. I am trying to spread the word...PLASTIC STRAWS ARE CRAZY BAD FOR THE ENVIRONMENT!! And they have been known to get stuck in turtle's noses when they don't make it to the land fill and end up in the ocean instead. It is an easy thing to change in our daily regimen and I want more people to understand this. My parents told me today that they have started saying "NO TO PLASTIC STRAWS" and use the reusable ones instead. I'm so proud! Thank you to this company for designing this amazing product!
was a nice size and good quality.
Lot less noise compared to others
Love all the Thermos brand tumblers, but this retro design is my favorite
Use often when cooking outdoors, very handy, recommend purchase.
Little giant......it look small but it cooks
The colors in these are very vibrant with four different designs. Love them!
My son and I ordered these metal straws because we see the need to use less straws to help save the environment. They are perfect! They come with different color silicon tips so your teeth do not bang on the metal, and so you can distinguish which drink is yours by the colors. These silicon tips are also removable when you wash the straws so you can clean everything really well with the cleaning brush. I am going to order much more of these for gifts for all my friends and family! You should too! Give a gift and help the environment at the same time...what a win-win!
Love these! They have a good grasp and easy to open and close
I don't know why I thought these were made of wood, glass and metal. The clear section is acrylic, so be careful with cleaning them so as not to scratch it. They look like they were made to match our dining room table, my husband loved that detail. Perfect grind every time. Thinking about ordering another set just to have as a back-up.
Got these for my dad and he loved it. It would be cool if they did custom glasses.
Haven't used them much yet, but so far I like them. As others have noted, the closer is difficult to manipulate, but to me that's a good thing. It means they are more likely to be watertight. I'm sure they will ease up slightly as I use them more. One thing I like about them is, b/c they are silicone, I can use them like a "boil-in-bag" for camping meals, or even to use the same way at my office for lunch. Good purchase!
Used then for painting, can premix paint and is speeds in creating multiple pieces
This lunch box is WONDERFUL! I bought this for my husband who always packs his lunch along with 2-3 water bottles. Every lunchbox I would buy for him couldn't hold everything, this lunchbox can! It's sooo roomy and has so many compartments! Would definitely recommend this product!
Ordering more. Best price and exactly what I wanted!
This was a gift for a friend, and he loves it! He sends me a picture every time he uses it and it is so cute!
Great price and exactly as described great seller fast and dependable
Simply a great product! Great quality for an awesome price!
I like the size of the shelves and the nonslip surface. Highly recommend!
We use this Sunday mornings for the youth at our church. They work great, we love them!
I have been searching for this item a while....I have been using mesh onion bags to boil my eggs, but getting them out of the boiling water is tricky....the long handle on this bag is perfect, and I love that it can be cleaned in the dishwasher.
Easy to assemble, very sturdy, attractive & adjustable, and fits my large pans too. I put deep wok with lid on bottom, then 2 large fry pans and 2 med fry pans, then set a small fry pan inside the top pan, with 2 grill cover lids!
Nice air fryer, simple to use, easy to clean. Cooks well.
Lunch time has just gotten the times more fun! It's amazing the things you can get a toddler to eat when they are dinosaur shaped 🤣 great idea 🙌🏽
We just got it and used it today. It actually fits more food than initially appears. The fork is a little small, but in general it was a great purchase.
This is our second one. The first gave us many years of service and was trouble free.
These cups are for clients in my office. A lot of nice comments about them.
This is the best knife sharpener I've ever owned.
The design and look of this knife is astonishing. When you use it, you feel the weight is extremely well balanced. The cutting is so sharp and precise. The nicest thing about eh blade is that it's so hard. You don't need to sharpen it between uses.
this unit is easy to set up and easy to use. Makes great popcorn
used it for an arts and crafts project, perfect!
VERY NICE electric kettle. I use for water in my Moka pot & for tea daily. I've had it a month & very happy with my choice. Recommend this pot.
Very nice glasses, especially for the price point. The glass is thick and sturdy!
Too high and bulky and heavy. Had to return item.
We had been looking for something to replace the old ball type infuser that you squeeze (and break relatively easily). This came with 2 small infusers and a large one. They are well made, easy to clean and just a much better design. Very pleased!
This set of pipping tips are very nice and super easy to use. Plug in and squeez, DONE!
Very pigmented and easy to use
We have made a lot of meals with this and I still love it. I love the large capacity.
I love these pans! I bought them to make personal pizzas are they are amazing!!!
Perfect for my house warming party. Will recommend this product 5 out of 5
I have enjoyed using it. Would buy for a gift.
I make stock about every week or two, vegetable, chicken, and beef, and transfer the stock to canning jars. Since we use it up in about a week I don't need to sterilize and seal the jars These lids are more convenient than canning rings and okay for the dishwasher. They work exactly as I expected.
Straws look exactly as I expected; No discoloration or blemishes anywhere. Pouch is really sturdy. Hand washed it and have any issues with tears or discoloration. Box did come in a bit rough though due to packaging. It came in a bubble-wrap envelope which is not enough protection. If I were to send this as a gift I would be upset by this, but I got it for personal use.
Excellent. I bought this crockpot and a crockpot cookbook, and she loves it. Both. I love the color purple and she loves it too. It's beautiful.
This is an easy to use and easy to handle apple corer and cleanly removes the apple core from any apple
We use these daily. They wash up great, even in the dishwasher.
I use this every morning to blend my coffee and mct oil. Gets the job done quickly!
Love it and have ordered more. Extremely well made and easy to install and use.
The spices in my kitchen are messy. With this shelf, my spice has a place to put it. The shelf is very strong on the wall and the quality is great. I am very satisfied with this price.
I love these size platters/plates! They are the perfect size for a large meal or appetizers. They remind me of the size plate you usually see at a Mexican restaurant. They are not too big and they could easily be used as everyday dinner plates. Very nice size and I love the simple white.
cool all the quality is good
I live in a 55+ community, and I cook a lot for other residents (esp. chicken soup). These are a perfect size (remember, you don't have to fill them to the top), freeze well, and i clean them in the dishwasher(I hand wash the lids,because they sometimes curl in the dishwasher.
Great product does everything I expected when I ordered it. I highly recommended this to anyone in the market to buy one.
This knife is very, very sharp right out of the box. Actually, this knife and its packaging are suitable for gift giving but this one and it's sharpening steel are staying with me in my kitchen. A definitive recommendation for anyone in the market for a very high quality kitchen knife!
Very strong long lasting spoons. Very cheap too.
Exactly what I needed! I've been getting into smoking meats, and I read that these injectors can help a lot with things like brisket to keep them moist through the cooking process. The injection itself is very sturdy and comes with different sized syringes, so it's versatile. It also comes apart, so it's easy to clean. Good stuff!
It is large display countdown timer, with wide LCD screen clock.The Loud Alarm Sounding can hear the voice clearly in another part of the house. It is really good stuff. I would like to refer it to my friends.
My friend loves it and plans on making chocolates with it! Hopefully she puts them in some coffee so that we can watch the Titanic sink again and again in the most delicious of ways....
I got this pot because I wanted to heat some hair wax but didn't want to buy a whole separate, more expensive wax heater. This works well! I saved a little bit of money by using this pot and making my own little double boiler rather than buying a wax heater, which all had mixed reviews. I did not attempt to clean the hardened wax out of the pot because it definitely would have been a pain in the butt. It's just going to be a designated wax holder.
These are beautiful and are great quality. I have hand washed mine and they are great. Clean up well and easily.
Love these cute molds. I used it to make gummy candy and they came out perfect.
Love it. Perfect assortment of different ice cubes for different drinks!
We haven't noticed a flavor, so kinda surprised by that factor question. 🤔 but my ex-military husband really liked these. They are sleek and presentable.
It's a useful machine. I love it. It's very easy to clean and when it was working there is only a little noise. It's more power than I thought, and soon the meat turned to mud. I am very satisfied!
What a handy way to froth milk for lattes. It is a handsome tool - compact and easy to use. I bought mine for matcha tea lattes but will enjoy using it for company to make a quick but fancy drink.
Used these for wedding table decorations which turned out perfectly. These are a good quality product! Off-white and durable.
When I received my original order the infuser pitcher was missing its lid. When I contacted the company they very quickly shipped out a new pitcher; no questions asked. Customer service has been outstanding with this company.
Spectacular pans!!! Well made and heavy without being TOO heavy. Blindingly shiny polished finish. No well-equipped kitchen should be without them. I couldn't be happier!
I was using the Breville centrifugal juicer and started to meal prep juices too. The juices fro Breville spoil/oxidize much faster thus I wanted to move to Slow Masticating Juicer Extractor from. This is amazing for the price. I get a lot more juice and the juice stays fresh for 4-5 days in the refrigerator. Totaly happy about my purchase.
Gorgeous! I bought as a gift but want some for me too!!!
Gifted to my father, he loved it!! Thank you
Ordered it for my daughter's birthday. She/we love it.
I wanted an expandable silverware divider for a big drawer and this fit the bill perfectly. It only needed to open a little bit but it takes up the whole drawer nicely and looks fantastic. Great price for what you're getting.
This was a gift for my daughter. She raves about it. She also uses it to add fiz to her homemade Kombucha. Clever! I may buy one.
I really like this set of scissors! So far, my favorite use for the green handled set is to cut up chicken. I hate using a knife and I hate handling chicken with my hands. This makes that job much easier and cleaner. And I love that they come apart to wash well.
I really liked this ceramic mug! The art is truly spectacular on this one!
It is excelent tool.
I filled this with water and took it with me to watch the Chargers and Saints practice. I was outside on a very warm day for at least 3.5 hours, plus travel time. The water was still cold when I got home. And that is without any ice. I've only used the bottle a couple of times, so I can't attest to the durability, but it certainly does what I need it to do.
After buying about 5 different can openers and hating every single one of them, I was at wits end and my friend suggested buying the Kitchen Aid opener. I immediately fell in love with it - it's sturdy, it opens any can without a hassle or hesitation - it's wonderful. I would strongly recommend this product and would buy it again and again.
I bought these for work as I use them for blending keto coffee. They are very powerful and a great price! Highly recommend.
Purchased this as a going away gift for a friend and colleague. It came ready to gift with colored tissue paper in the box. Made him smile!
I bought this knife set specifically for Thanksgiving 2017. The knife carved the turkey and ham perfectly. My Dad and brother also tried the knife, and they were impressed with the quality and sharpness. Very happy with this purchase.
After 5 months of use they are still good as new. Very heavy weight for the price. Better quality than some I've spent twice as much on. Got another set for the RV and friends borrowed and then ordered their own.
Finally I can cook more than one food at a time in my pressure cooker. Good to make more than one food such as eggs, cakes, and baby foods. These accessories are made of stainless steel of high quality. They can last for a long time I think.
It is balanced just right and easy to pour with my bad hands
I love it!! It makes me drink water more.
Wonderful Dutch oven! Great size, great quality. Exceeds expectations.
This thing is beautiful! And a larger mug then I thought. Gorgeous dark navy blue color. We love it
Best buy ever! Our whole family loves this and the price was amazing!
a great pot. Not heavy and not very sturdy, but light to handle. Not suitable for some electric stoves, as the bottom is not heavy enought to activate the stove system.
Regular potatoes cut like a champ but sweet potatoes were a challenge. However, it cut nicely?
Love the size of this back pack. Not too big like most. Has two insulated pockets. I haven't gotten to use it yet but look forward to. Seems to be a durable material.
Love love love. Must have. Perfect for the beach and fits so much for a family of 3. Great deal.
Great size fits in to my drawers (slightly smaller then others on the market, as I purchased others but didn't fit in my drawers) A truly must have product for every house, I use it in the kitchen to organize my drawers. Love it
Very impressed right out of the package. Seems to be very sturdy!
Like every other piece of Calphalon cookware I have owned, this one is well made and easy to clean. No complaints.
I like these trays so well that I bought two for Christmas as a gift
I like these because they can be used for anything from biscuits to hand pie dough. Easy to use and clean up is a breeze.
These were exactly what I was looking for!. Couldn't find these locally. The hook fits most utensil handles to keep them handy while cooking.
These work great on our parties. Keeps the ice and water in it. Food stays cold.
Quality of the tray is good. It also has a lid.
The best cooker I have ever owned
Love the cast iron grill. Folds up nice and easy to clean after use. Not very deep so you can't use super chunky charcoal lumps but it doesn't make me any less happy with the product!
very good quality. Individually wrapped
I have bought these a few times now and will continue to do so.
Great can opener. The best I've had so far. I hate keeping an electric one out on the counter, so this one is great because it fits in a drawer nicely. It does a good job of opening cans, although once in a while I have a bit of trouble getting it positioned just right. I think I've had it about a year now, and it has held up much better than the ones in the local discount stores.
Work well for our new tables in our meeting room
We wanted to get away from plastic coffee makers. I've used a glass french press before but the coffee didn't stay warm for very long. This french press is double walled so the coffee stays warm for serveral hours. It is also very easy to clean. Love it!
These bottles are amazing! They close tight and don't leak.It's thick glass and durable. Will buy from them again.
This is a good little grill. Evenly heats. It's not bulky so it's easy to store. It's easy to set up and use. Just flip in on and go. Just be sure you're close to an outlet because the cord is a little short.
I bought this blender to make smoothies. I found a few recipes on their website. I made a strawberry blueberry mango iced smoothie and it was great! My kids loved it and asked for seconds! I also bought this to make dressings! It's easy to use and did not need to read any instructions to use it! It comes with 3 cups to use and one cover has an easy access spout to use. I definitely recommend this blender!
Great quality and easy to use
It works, Just Love it.
Very sturdy bag for veggies and fruit. I love these.
Its great for your recreational use, stylish and cool.
Easy to use, not so easy to clean but it's a great buy
I absolutely love this tumbler! The picture doesn't do this design justice. The best part ... it fits under my single serve coffee station.
These work great! Have used several times and would recommend for anyone. Wonderful idea
This are very nice napkins.
Believe the great reviews. Works like a dream and saves me from accidentally dumping my pasta down the sink by trying to drain with the pot lid. Easy to clean, doesn't take much space when storing.
My husband thinks this is perfect size mug. His coffee machine makes a half carafe and it's perfectly two cups of coffee in this mug - something he has complained about with other mugs.
Great for our garland! Used it as white cloud garland for our rainbow backdrop! Perfect! I would recommend buying two bags always better to have extra than missing balloons. I loved the size. I did add a couple of 12” white balloons cause I need more!
Super cute and easy to clean!
Works perfect with my chemex! Thermometer also removes easily and doubles as a meat thermometer. You do what you have to in a pinch.
Excellent value. Have used it quite a bit since getting it. Great for those who love to cook meat correctly.
Nice that the ring to keep these spoons together is sturdy.
Replaced my old toaster and really love this one. This toaster is much wider than the one I previously owned. I can now toast wider breads and I really like that it has a removable crumb tray as my previous one didn't have one and I had to shake the whole toaster to clean it out. The stainless steel looks very fancy as well.
Bought a few of these for my home made vegan ice cream. And they are awesome. Really good durability.
These are the BEST favors, and the best price around (believe me, I looked). We added some tags with twine to each one, and BOOM, favors done in an afternoon. These are going to be a huge hit!
Our authoress loved it
Exactly as described, good quality and good price. Stainless Steel. Me Happy.
Great kitchen tool! No kitchen is complete without it
Good quality product and Awesome price!
This is exactly what I wanted. The perfect size to broil two steaks without having to wash up that huge broiler pan that comes with the oven.
This fit perfectly in our drawer
Very accurate. Easy to read and easy to use.
I love this thing! Great features! Is easy to use and worth the money! It is holding up well so far with frequent use.
I love these bags! I have two in my purse (oversized strawberries) so wherever I go, and whenever I need a bag (because we all know those times arise when suddenly we find two or three things we want to take home but we have no bag to carry them in), I am prepared! I whip out the oversized strawberry from my purse, and "unfold" it and voila! I have a sturdy, strong, fun, light, roomy bag to carry my groceries or garage-sale findings, or fun things my friend gave me after he finished re-arranging his house. Truly, these bags are practical, well-made, and fun! I'm bringing a bunch of them to Ecuador, where I have a no. of friends, because they each want one! These are a great find and a great buy!
I own one of these and I bought my daughter (20) one for her place. It is sooooo easy to use & clean. Measure out the pasta, add water to the correct line, microwave, put the lid on to drain, dish out the pasta! There are microwave times for probably all the different pasta types. Highly recommended!
All my wine kept going bad.. read a lot of reviews... so far this one is working great!
Well designed & easy take on the go. Not hard to clean, especially the fork. These utensils are exactly what I was looking for. I'll definitely be getting more to gift to my friends.
This product is great. Good price and good quality. No need to pay too much to keep you golf shoes and accessories organized.
Love them! Large diameter makes drinking smoothies and cleaning easy! Very fun colours are a hit with the kids!
Must have for working, breastfeeding moms who have to pump!!
Perfect for an apartment balcony
Love them. Perfect for grandaughters sweet 16 party
it is very nice looking and keeps water cold for a very long time
My almost 12 year old (step)son is obsessed with anything penguins. PERFECT size and cup for hot cocoa night. It comes with a lid and adorable little spoon. Dishwasher safe. Thank you!
We had a flamingo party and it was suitable for the party theme.Received many compliments from my guests.All off them liked this idea.Full recommend.
Fits and works great.
LOVE this grater!! I can grate an entire triangle of fresh parmesan cheese, a bar of soap for homemade laundry detergent, etc in literally a minute or two without hurting my hand!! Turns smoothly, easy to take apart, dishwasher safe and suctions to the counter for ease of use!
Very easy to use. I churned out 4lbs of chocolate frogs for a harry potter party in minutes. The size is perfect for the chocolate frog boxes you can print online. The release was easy and smooth. No spray needed. This is way cheaper than buying the themed chocolate frogs.
I really like them I use them almost every day and makes measuring a lot easier for people who have trouble seeing
These are perfect for organizing your pantry.
It came sooner then said and looks great v
It's perfect, cold stays cold for hours and hot stays hot for hours
It is durable lunch bag! Using it every day
Love this item, just as described.
Makes very good toast. You can makes any shade of toast that you desire.
I had one of these years ago and I lost it in a move. I'm so thankful that I found it again. It works great and definitely a time saver in the morning when I'm getting ready for work!
Found this wok-pan easy to use, large and deep perfect to stir fry vegetable, meat and rice. Heat up quickly and it remains hot to continue cooking with large quantity. Not sure about durability yet because it's stil new.
Great cookware and great service. I had a couple of questions and Lawrence got back right away on a Saturday. Very pleased!
I purchased this for a bridal shower. My future sister in law had it on her Wayfair registry but the site said it would take 2 weeks to deliver. So happy I found it on Amazon prime with 2 day delivery and it was a lot cheaper :) She loved it and everyone passed it around and raved about how cute it was and how good it would look in their home. I haven't used it personally but by looks I recommend. It's not a large pitcher. I'd say medium to smaller sized and perfect for a statement piece in your kitchen or display.
Very easy to clean and sturdy. Small so check the dimensions.
I had the opportunity to test these brushes today with some BBQ I cooked. The brushes held up well with no melting when used with heated BBQ sauce. The bristles held plenty of sauce as I transferred from the bowl and was able to evenly coat the meat. Clean up was simple, and easy cleanup with soap and water. I did not notice any residue on the bristles. These brushes have a very grippy feel and some weight to them. They do not feel cheap and will look great in my kitchen. Very happy.
By far one of the best grinders I have ever used. My brothers actually tried to steal this grinder so many times lol. It really breaks down product so I'm able to allow it to stretch.
Cute little coffee grinder, it's not as loud as the big one we have. Works for little amount of coffee. Bought for our trailer because it's small and portable, although not battery operated which would be awesome if that was an additional option.
A bit large mug for drinking lot of coffee/tea :D
got this for my grandma for christmas. shes going to love it! great price and fast shipping and great size too.
Love it, should have purchased sooner.
My toddler loved these for pancakes. They were easier to use for that than they were for eggs. Pour batter in, let cook on one side, carefully lift the shape and flip.
These are so fantastic. I have always kept at least 2 full sets of measuring spoons so I could keep one for dry ingredients and one for liquid. This double sided spoon is ingenious! The magnetic attachment thing is great, too. I always took my spoons apart, and then wound up losing them. Now I can use the spoons separately, but the magnets help me keep them together in the drawer. They are made of a nice stainless steel and feel very sturdy. I like how each spoon has a different color on the handle, too. That really helps me distinguish quickly what measurement I am looking for while working on a recipe.
These are great,no slipping,easy to hold.Will buy agin threw out my old metal tongs.
This is the best invention I have seen in a long time. This product protects all my pots from each other. Thanks Jackie.
I love drink coffee in the morning. First I wake up and go to the kitchen and prepare coffee for me. Can you imagine how important is coffee pot? I was looking for something that can give me flavor of my favorite coffee, easy clean and comfortable. In this product I found everything. This is amazing
These cupcake liners are the very best. A lot of other reviewers pointed out that they don't stick, and that's true, but my favorite part is that they don't develop unsightly grease spots. Your cupcakes will look great, even after sitting out on the counter a few hours!
It was fine worked well
Great water bottle. Works as well as a hydro flask.
Also this product is much cheaper at our local Wal Mart. Why is Amazon charging so much more? I really would like to know.
My mama and I needed a place to knead bread, roll out pies, and cut biscuits in my little kitchen on my untreated wood table. This mat is PERFECT because it sticks to the table, wipes clean, and is so big that nothing spreads close to the edges. It rolls up floppy like a yoga mat, so it fits great in the cabinet with the cookie sheets. Definitely worth the price!
Best water bottle ever in my opinion. I own 2 and rotate them at work with my husband who also loves them. They hold tons of water and I feel as though I drink more when I have one with me. Love the colors. Hope they make more!
These are just as advertised. Love them. Great quality.
I mean its a mug with a saying on it. Thats what I wanted and thats what i got. Average size. Average material.
Superior quality squeezer. Gets all the juice out with one easy squeeze and holds the lemon seeds.. Highly recommend!!
Easy to use and clean.
Mainly plastic, but it is very effective in what it does. Unfortunately, it's light, so it's easy to topple over
Pretty powerful toaster oven. Very happy with it.
Got these for my daughter, she loves them!! Packaged very well also
Very nice investment. Does a great job.
This is better than I thought. I used my previous knife for about 9 years and it was getting rigged and rusty so I changed to this one. This knife is definitely lighter and it cuts well through any ingredients. I even cut chicken bones with this. It also looks modern compared to what I had.
Stays on the sink well. Good upgrade from my previous plastic one. Drains the water good. Can fit 3 scrubs along with a few brushes.
Good for the environment. Attractive, Pkg. nicely. Too soon to comment on durability.
They arrived in great condition and have been working well for the past two months.
So far I am happy with this unit. The reason I chose this was because of the small size compared to the stand up varieties.This unit allows the bag to be locked into place before vacuuming. During the vacuum cycles, pressing the seal button turns off the vacuum which is great for soups, stews etc, which would leak through the seal on the previous unit I owned (different model).
cleaned the micro beautifully
Perfect: great quality and made right here in the USA! Easy to use, non toxic silicone, quick to clean.
Beautiful colorful chic pot set. So far now complaints with quality. Size is how I expected and wanted.
Just what I ordered. It will be a good knife to use at work when I'm cutting vegetable for my prep projects.
Perfect. Love this thing. I've heard nightmares about spritz cookie guns and I had absolutely no problems with this one. It was actually fun to use!
I haven't yet used for traveling but intend to do so. Every day odd and end use is great. Quick and easy and works great. Highly recommend.
These were prefect for what I needed them for. I made a great selection!
This is a very good kitchen scale with all the functions I needed. The surface is large enough to place my 1.5L glass bowl on top of it and is compact enough to fit into a 12” kitchen cabinet drawer with a usable width of 7”. Since the display window can be difficult to keep clean for it's set below the weighing surface, I avoided cleaning the surface by placing a plastic wrap loosely on the scale before placing the food on the scale.
We are eating lots more veggies now, no oil needed and they are so flavorful. Great for toast as well
These are easy to use and make great fool proof poached eggs every time! They are easy to clean and I also like using them for ingredient dishes while I'm cooking. Lots of different uses!
Exactly what I wanted. Heavy duty.
I had an issue with spraying the mister but after sending the seller an email, within an hour, they sent me some troubleshooting to try and it worked!.. Highly recommend this product
A good item which I can Take it with food and fruit inside for a picnic.
These pans are perfect for making individual cheesecakes and other goodies. They are very durable, non-stick, and leakproof.
Great size for cutting all sorts of vegetables. The knob on the side allows you to easily adjust the thickness of the cut. I was happy with the hand protector thing as well because it has spikes in the top to help grip the food you're sliding back and forth. This is a huge upgrade to my previous mandoline.
I like the style and the wide and long slots make it easy to properly toast everything I need to. The controls are on the left front, so that needs to be accessible.
My daughter was super excited.
Very nice knife, even packaging is first rate, will prob purchase more.
These blades arrived on time and they work perfectly with my bullet blender.
Perfect size and well made.
Great gift!! Exactly as advertised!! My husband loves it!!
They actually worked. We filled them and put them in a leg for a pair of jeans. We actually snuck them on a cruise boat.
Easy to use, no battery needed.
The customer service is excellent. I had to return an item and it was so easy. UPS came to pick it up for free. It is very convenient.
Purchased for a friend they liked it
This board is extra large and very convenient in the kitchen. I like that it has both sides, one simple and one with spots.
Best mug to get my boss for Boss's Day! It was appreciated and is frequently used. Mug is tough and durable and the graphics have yet to chip/scratch. It's a great product for its intended purpose!
Works great don't ever take the lid off but other than that the only thing I can say is reliable sturdy and easy to calibrate
Great rug, nice material feels durable.
It came in a timely manner and the product is durable and beautiful quality!
My kids and I LOVE these plates! My only regret is not buying them sooner :)
I love the Canister! Very well made with good quaility
My wife and kids like them very much. They make your life colorful and wonderful.
Incredible quality for price. Just hand wash or take rubber off and throw glass in dishwasher. Important for anyone who cares about the environment.
I love this thing! Setup is simple. Just turn on, select the type of meat, and sit back until it gets to temp! The wireless monitor is what really drew me to this one, and I have not had any issues with it connecting to the thermometer. I can be in the living room watching TV and always know how well the meat is cooking without getting up to keep checking!
You can go wrong with this coffee maker.
Good quality, perfect size for cereal or other items. Not to big and easy to hold.
Sturdy and easily folded smaller, exactly as described.
This knife handles so well, my Mom used it at my house one day and now she has one. So does my sister. I have two.
Great Source for this product
Very good and lightweight
Perfect for us! These knife holders look beautiful and work perfectly. My only criticism might be that they should be available in longer lengths. We loved the first one so much, we had to get a couple more to fit all our knives.
Great as a stopper and server. No spill at all.
Use it daily! Great machine and easy to use
I have the smaller version of it and use it daily for about 10 years, a very well made thermos. I needed a bigger one and bought this one, same design and it keeps coffe hot almost all day. Over time the inner lining gets stained but that's to expect.
We used these at my bridal shower and they were gorgeous! Also sturdy and reusable if you wanted to!
It's roomy enough for my 8 qt IP and accessories in the upper pocket. Made of very good quality materials and sturdy.
This works great for keeping the splatter off of our new polished marble backsplash which is no fun to clean.
its my favorite mug, cause size is perfect for me. This mug really good for warm coffee and for cold too. Every day this mug with me))
We love these! My son just started preschool and I've become that mom that's super extra with his lunches! The little cutters and picks are my favorite
Cute and really pretty.
My order came in very quickly. It was a Christmas gift for my husband. He used them that evening and loved them! The box is very elegant.
Nice,The cups are of good quality and kept warm.
Keeps your food or liquid hot for a few good hours, it's easy to clean and comes in handy if you work outside and it's cold.
LOVE THESE!! I use them EVERY DAY!! There is nothing worse than a paper straw in a Bloody Mary so I take them with me to restaurants!
This is a gift for my sister's new house. When I received it, I was surprised about how good package they did, the inside box is protect very well. Also, the stainless steel is high quality. I will recommend this to other friends.
I use this every morning to bring my oatmeal to work. Thank you for a great product!
Delivers fast, easy to use and great price. Happy with my purchase
These are exactly what I was looking for so my husband can make his own coffee creamer. Just the right size and the shape is easy to hold in one hand.
After months of research, my husband landed on purchasing these. DO NOT BUY A PREMADE SET OF KNIVES. Invest in these! Build your own set of quality kitchen knives and include this set. They're beautiful and sharp and can smoothly conquer any piece of meat!
For your next party you definitely need to have these Mesh Screen covers. No flies, no bugs, no nastiness.
Nice heavy quality. Simple design that works well with any existing flatware pattern.
I used it for chocolate chip mini cupcakes and mini cheese cakes, its easy to use and wash, Im very happy with my purchase
I have always wanted a spatula to clean out my makeup containers to get the last little bit! this one if very effective and it was affordable, too. It was bigger than I expected, but works just as well!
I use it everyday for my breakfast vegetable drink, it is easy to use and clean, also portable for travel. Highly recommend.
These were fantastic! Very durable and and a nice size. I would definitely recommend these to other customers.
Love these. Delivered by prime next day. Durable, large, and easy to use. I have used these as topless bags so far.
Use to weigh wax for candle making. Works great.
Love this mug! My son (with help from Daddy) picked this out for me for Mothers Day. The cup is smooth, big and looks very durable. Ill know for sure the first time i drop it haha.
Loving my new Zero water dispenser! Don't need to fill frequently! So easy! Others are buying it because they've seen mine!
I looked at a lot of reviews and then bought this one. It is very sturdy but not too big. Seems to get all the juice out and the two cups allow for fitting smaller lemons or limes.
Love these brushes. I use them for detailing seats/carpets of cars and have a set for cleaning my grout and base boards in my home. They definitely feel sturdy and last a long time. Worth the price
Arrived in perfect condition, and is so beautiful. Thank you.
This item is awesome it works great and will buy another.
I've used another cone style drip coffee maker. I ordered not really understanding the size which surprised me a bit (is is smaller than I expected). The packaging was horrible but the maker was not damaged but I can see that the survival rate might be lower than you would expect from Amazon. Now to the coffee and it's ease of use and taste of the results. this maker is easy to use, I'm using paper filters and I have grit free coffee every time. I agree that the sleeve that is there to protect you from burning yourself and I too find it a bit small (see the other reviews) but I make it work. The coffee tastes better than my last coffee maker, somehow richer, smoother, darker and nuttier, more European flavor. It's just better tasting. I've had coffee presses and they were hard a heck to clean (I broke one trying to tap the last bit of grounds into the trash) this maker is so easy to clean and I believe thats because I use the paper filter. Bottom line, for me, coffee is an essential part of my morning ritual and this maker succeeds in making my morning a thing I now look forward to.
The product was as described and arrived in the time noted. Thank you.
Used this bottle for a baby shower game and it's a nice big size I was able to fit about 120 Hershey kisses
They totally complement my place mats and cups in my table. So glad I found them.
I am a home cake decorator for over 30 years love this set cones with everything you need to make beautiful buttercream flowers!!!
I know this is supposed to be a dish drying rack, but I can't wait to use it while washing veggies fresh from the garden. This will be perfect for cleaning large batches of vegetables. I also love the way it rolls up and out of the way.
Gorgeous keyboard, even more so in person.
I am single and I used this to roast 1/2 a turkey for Christmas. I "walked away" and came back to a beautifully roasted turkey and dressing. Cinch to clean up.
I wanted nice black utensils. I got nice black utensils. I haven't got to use them a ton yet, but they feel durable and LOOK heat resistant.
Great ice cream scoops. Love the various sizes. The large and medium size I used for ice cream. The small scoop is prefect to make melon/fruit balls for my fruit platter. Good quality, worth the money!
They sent me two sealing rings. One of them was broken, so I texted them and they sent me a new set of sealing rings
Sealing rings for my instant pot, I haven't used yet, but they look great. Came quickly, as well.
If you are interested in making fermented vegetables this is a good starting kit. The wood masher works well in our small batches when pressing our cabbage in the bowl and later when packing the cabbage in the mason jar. The airlock is very easy to use and the glass weights work great in the large mouth half gallon jars we are using for making sauerkraut.
You can see trough the blind fold only bad thing about it but it comes with a paper blind fold so I just put the paper one under the the pink one
We like it and using often.
Love having the convenience of the two different size rolls.
Superior quality, I would highly recommend.
I love to bake and I am turning all my things into silicone in my kitchen as it is what I prefer. I love pumpkin rolls and this mat made it so easy. I was so happy I did not even have to use any oil or spray to keep it from sticking. Cleanup was a breeze also. My daughter wanted to borrow it to make a sushi roll and it even did that!
The little owl timer is so cute I almost forget what it is for. I received a green one that is well made, easy to ready and use.
Loved it with my outfit..
Good size for light eaters and very good quality-very sturdy and easy to clean-up. Good lining quality too! Pleasantly surprised!
Big enough for one job
Nice addition to my new kurig. Has kept coffee warm for 8 hours. Definitely worth the money
Love these.. I have them in my window at work!!! 5 Stars!! People love them when they come in my office.
They were perfect and sturdy. Some people at first thought that they were metal.
These are very sturdy. The snaps are a little tight but I like that cause that means a better seal. And so far the cereal keeps very well. It has stayed fresher in these then my older keepers.
Love this product. Haven't had any issues. Easy to clean
This is first time that I have an air fryer in my life. After I purchase it, I can't wait the package arrive to me. Thank god I am a prime member that it only takes two days for shipping. I tried to fry chicken wings and legs on the day that it arrived. It came out so great, I don't even use any oil, but it came as same as when I fry chicken wings and legs with lots of oil that makes healthier food than I had made before. It's very easy to operate and easy to clean up. The most amazing thing is that it has multi-function that can fry, bake, grill or roast food and it can totally replace of oven. I also purchase air fryer accessories. I am going to try out cake after the accessories come.
Works awesome and sharp as hell
The lunch box is very durable, it looks great, very professional and it's handy. It won't fit huge Tupperware so check the measurements before you buy
Everything you could want from a beverage container. Worth the price. You get what you pay for!
Very nice knife. Can't wait to use it! Delivered before the said date so more plus points!
These are great for anything. I needed something to store craft sequin mixes in . I also use them to bring my own coffee creamer to work. They have stayed sealed in my purse, in a baggy of course, with normal use. I would buy again. With such a large quantity, they will last a while.
Simple product. Not much to analyze. They work.
Was a gift for my nephew and he loved it. Looks great.
Gave these for Christmas, nieces are happy with them. They've been cooking, so it was a great gift idea. They love them!
I was looking for a single spoon rest, simple easy to clean!! These would be it!!! They add a splash of color to my counter top, I leave one out to use with my coffee spoon and it works out great!!! I would recommend these, the price is fantastic!!
An excellent product. Very happy with it so far. Also the cooking guide is very helpful with times.
Just what you need to make home made pizza
I loved how it fit an entire ham and cheese sandwich, 5oz veggies, 6oz fruit and 4 cookies. It's so tiny but really easy to pack a healthy lunch. I had my doubts about the size until I tried to pack my kids lunch. I just love it. My partner and I are getting bento boxes too. It's super cute and I feel like it was made well.
It works great!!!! My wife loves it, she is happy, I am happy...
Quick and easy to apply before bed, this serum really does encourage longer, thicker lashes. I just ordered my second tube of product. I was wearing false eyelash accents, but this product grew lashes that only need mascara to pop. Will continue to use this,
Just received it a few days ago so haven't used it yet.
Someone jacked up our original Keurig and the bottom needle got bent downward somehow. This was the exact piece we needed to replace. It has held up great so far; it's been about 3 months. Would recommend.
It works very good and easy to clean.
Excellent service and fast delivery
Arrived as promised. Great infuser!!!
These are for our wedding in November. We absolutely love them. They are beautiful and we can't wait to use them. Thank you so much.
Works great. Even brown eggs peel easily.
very happy with these, makes my life so much easier! I keep heavy tools on them (6 qt kitchenaid mixer, 8 qt instant pot) as well as an OLD heavy vitamix. They slide in and out with ease and are just the perfect thing to access large items on a bottom shelf. SO happy with them. also very easy to install.
There is a slight learning curve on how to use it but once you do it really works extremely well I am glad it works outside the oven and I find that it's easy to clean and easy to put away it's a great value for the money
Best pizza pan ever. Pizza comes out perfectly and it's versatile from all to large. Cleans easily and is non stick.
Well made and sturdy, comfortable to handle....great Gun Metal color! Like that you can adjust for variable grinds!!
I bought this product as a birthday gift for my dad. He absolutely loved it and so did I! It's exactly as advertised.
I love this set! They are sharp, the featured knives are relevant for cooking and eating, and they are durable. This is my second set, as I left the others with my ex. Forget about very expensive knives unless you are a chef - these do the trick for all of your cooking needs. The steak knives are terrific and the look compliments any table.
Just as pictured. This was a gift for my mom for mother's day who has been eyeing mine for quite a while. She loved it and had used it several times! The slate gray is a great color!
Worked very well. Used to clean the pull out tray of my chicken coop. Usually required a scraper and a lot of scrubbing. Started with the brush then switched to the scouring pad, rinsed with a garden hose, done in a fraction of the time.
The filters seem to be just like the Mr. Coffee originals. I am very pleased with them.
Excellent products I'm pleased with this order it came as described. I have been using it for more than a week with less care and they still look like I just got it. I'll be buying this for an upcoming house warming.
Don't be that guy....the one who puts chili on for 5 minutes and just watches the magic.
These work well for dehydrating!
Great measuring spoons that fit into spice jars where other spoons will not.. Solidly made and easy to stack
Sturdy heavy silicone lids. Hang over the sides a bit more than I expected but they work. Great for covering a casserole dish for the fridge instead using irritating saran wrap!
very nice! pretty lilac color. Print was nice. Picked the block lettering. It was a gift for someone and they loved it.
Perfect roasts and turkey during those holidays.
Super sharp and fits well in the hand. Definitely recommend.
Nice quality, they feel solid and looked nice. Arrived on time and as advertised.
The glasses are lovely and graceful. These were a gift for a family member. She loves them!
Great quality!!! Absolutely LOVE!
Bought to help complete a knife set. These are great!! Set is almost complete now. Very sharp.
I love doing bbq but sometimes I am worried that the food might not be cooked well and so this well ensure nobody gets food poisoning
This Bundt pan is very nice. It's heavy with a nice coating. My bundt cake came out of the pan very easily and was evenly baked.
Excellent for elementary grade students!
I've owned quite a few of them some stay cooler longer but leak like no ones business. But I bring this everywhere I go. It can stay out on the beach for a few hours and still be ice cold. And the best part is it dosent leak
Great product. Fast Delivery
Got my self a new drone comparing to the other one I got. This is much better material made. And it's more earlier to understand the remote . Be warn not to use near the house. Always play somewhere like park or empty land.
This made a great wedding gift! We actually had bought one previously and loved it so bought another for a gift! Works great
Good quality for the money
These cupcake trays were awesome! They close tightly, stack well and are super sturdy when the lids are on. There is a LOT of room in the lid part for icing or decorations on top of the cupcakes. They fit standard size cupcakes. Highly recommend. Arrived quickly and well packaged.
The fact that it may be closed and that it is Microwave safe were the main selling points. If I were to loose it, I would reorder immediately.
This bag can be folded into a very little bag. And it have pretty good wheels to carry heavy stuff.
The item was a and the person was pleased
Quick delivery, Utensils are better than they looked in the pictures. I started using them right away and they handle very well.
The mug is cute as a gift, but wont get much use as we drink larger quantities than what this little fella holds.
I'm a single girl, and this is the PERFECT size for me. Easy to wash and use!
Perfect liners for my Air fryer . Came well packaged . Super fast shipping .
Really nice straws, I bought them so I don't need to use those paper straws any more, I like it has a little cleaner inside!
Bought this product a while back and it's still working great👍
Great shape for focaccia bread, or multiple baguettes. It's a sturdy, but also fairly heavy stone.
My home health aides use these daily with zero complaints.
I'm new to bread baking and bought this set after my third loaf of bread to help streamline the process. I love the wisk, it makes the process go so much faster and I will be purchasing more of the baskets to shape different lives of bread in the future. Love it.
Have a number of these and cannot say enough about their good quality for the price.
I'm a novice crepe maker, & these have made it super easy to learn! Good value for the money.
Product comes as described.
I love this thing! Ive been making smoothies in the morning for myself and my kids and I've been using my old regular blender. It was such a hassle to clean every day! This makes the process so easy. It also works way better than my old blender. Everything is ground up so fine there's no chunks at all.
Bought this for my Son for his 30th birthday. He LOVED it! He really liked the fact it was lead free crystal. Awesome piece!
Easy to stuff into their own built in “bag”. I don't fold them, why bother is my attitude. I keep them all clipped together with a carabiner. They are sturdy and hold a lot of “stuff”.
We've not used these yet! But these are great quality and I think will be so much fun!
I have a very small and awkwardly spaced spice cabinet. I wasn't sure if this would fit, but it absolutely does! It's completely adjustable and super easy to assemble! I could only use half of the organizer as my shelf is very small and low as you can see in the picture, but it does a great job of keeping the smaller spice bottles on top where I can see them instead of all topsy-turvy in the nooks and crannies. I'm 100% pleased with this product.
I used Nespresso frother for several years. I used 3 over the years, assuming it was the best. But milk easily left stains and burned. This one is top rated. The quality of the foam is outstanding and cleaning goes way better if you follow instructions and provides great froth time after time. Love it.
Works great. Easy to use
Very pleased with these lovely placemats. Many colors to choose from. I chose the silver and they look great on my black table. Easy to clean and stay on table. Highly recommend! Great price!
I have a galley kitchen and these boards easily help me transport my food from prep to cooking without the fear of cross contamination
Please make these available again! I want to order more. These are so lovely and unique.
I absolutely love these molds. I freeze all sorts of stuff in these for my doggies. Easy to clean and durable.
Got for my mother in law who has five chickens! Works great
Will definitely be ordering more I love these for my kids because it's very easy and simple to use I apply cut up pieces of fruit add some water and when they're frozen the ice cubes taste so good with little pieces of fruit inside which my kids love I like how it comes with the lid makes it less messy.
Best grinder ever. Works for crushing anything perfectly from buds for smoking, to trim for processing, it works like a charm.
I lost one of my measuring cups so I needed another set. This set has more cups and is heavy duty.
This product was hard to use with potential to be dangerous. I would not recommend this to anyone.
I really like this choice.This cute alarm clock does exactly what I need. It is very well made and of high quality at a good price. It is super easy to set up following the instructions. It has a big display and the number on the clock is easy to read from different angles. The rotary dial works smoothly to set the time and alarm. I also like the dim settings of the light so it's not so bright at night.The thermostat seems ok accuracy wise.
hey're sturdy and easy to use They're sturdy and easy to use! Recommend them to any baker!
Looks nice with the stand. Small amount of leaking from faucet at times
I was surprised when I received the product. Perfect match for my home barista setup. its does work very well.The package also comes with a little cup and a zip lock bag.i like it nice
Great little cups to take salad dressing to work in. Perfect portion sized containers. We kept loosing our reusable ones so I needed to give something else a try! These are great. I can use them more then once also!
Great cups for gifting! I had monograms made for my friends and gave them each one on a girls trip! They come with nice straws and cleaning brushes.
Very high quality wine Openers. It came in a fancy box (can be ideal for a gift), with a variety of easy to assemble parts. Along with the opener itself came another spiral screw and a seal for sealing the bottle.
This jar is sturdy glass and not at all flimsy. I use it at my business to store vanilla extract and it works beautifully. All three stoppers fit well, I seem to favor the cork with the black top. Nothing leaks out of the lids, which was important to me. I would recommend this jar.
Perfect size large high quality
Excellent! very practical, light and small.
I really like this device. It does all the work for me and does it correctly the first time. Eggs peel easily as long as the cook uses the egg piercing pin that is part of the egg holder. After the egg is pierced, nothing leaks out. I make sure the pierced end is upright, on top, when cooking the eggs.
Works great for what I need it for
The accessories set comes with many tools I found useful when using my Instant Pot. The accessories were of good quality and will definitely help when preparing a meal for my family.
My daughter loves it for school
Great to place spices
Compartments do not leak into other compartments. 3 yr old can open and close at school without assistance. Customer service was responsive and great when one clasp broke due to kid mis- use. They are replacing the lunch box now.
Very helpful product
Great set, neatly packaged and convenient to use! Arrived quickly, all intact, compactly arranged. Good dessert decorating at once seemed daunting, but this set makes it straightforward to do, and, with a professional look. Wide array of tips, which gave great results right from the start. My desserts were very good already, but the decorative piping I can craft with these tips please and surprise all guests and friends. Anyone serious about baking should have this set in their kitchen.
Easy to use and easy to clean!!
I would highly recommend this set of knives!! They are super sharp -so be careful with them... Otherwise, I have not had any issues with the set whatsoever.
I should've bought these a lot sooner!! I have eliminated plastic straws from my life in an attempt to make less trash so I carry stainless steel straws for everything I need to drink. The only problem is I'm always nervous about chipping my teeth!! These solve that problem really well. They are comfortable to drink from. There is no downside to using these tips.
Works as a jar should. We use it to make picked lemon and something else.
Well made come apart for easy cleaning, feel good to hold, have cut everything i have tried to cut.
They put this beside their bed. Was soft on the feet
Its a strong plastic container that works great. That's it
These coasters are cool and work great
This is perfect for fine pouring. Love the measurements inside. Great heavy quality.
Have had several torch's and this is the best by far. Great control with adjustable flame !
Works great to keep grease out of your meatloaf!!!
Everything came in one piece!
Works great and the airplane works well as a handle!
Very functional... they could include more holders (wires) but they are sold separately
The item is very functional and does not take up much space on the counter. Perfect size.
Excellent trash bags. Great packaging so its easy to dispense bags from the box (genius). The thickness is in between "heavy duty" and "thin" discount store trash bags.
easy cleaning, the looks and ease of cooking
The ease of cleaning is a real plus
A little hard to open and use but they sure to keep bags closed tight. This is my second set.
Fits just like my old original one. Awesome
Not as long as I expected, but absolutely great! Just do not microwave with the top on!
Perfect for my new farmhouse kitchen sink!
Big enough to hold enough sugar but small enough to not go over board, works great!
Excellent product. Best coffee mug ever had
Got this set for my mom because her knives were horrible and dull. She loved that it came with a peeler and a knife sharpener, I'm just glad I was able to get this set so that she can throw the ones she had away!
Perfect!!! I love this pot! Even though it's class the protective cover makes me fee at ease. It is easy to clean and my Coffee has been excellent!
This knife doesn't disappoint. Such a good value, I use this knife for just about any veggies and it stays super sharp.
Bought it for my mom as a birthday gift and my parents use it every night. Fries come out perfectly crisp. Looking to buy one for myself eventually.
Very sturdy and great quality. I should have paid more attention to the description. The plates were smaller than I expected, but still worked out just fine for our event.
I loved these cookie cutters! I added the pumpkins, leaves and acorns to the usual Halloween shapes to have a nice variety of cookies for a close to Halloween bake sale, and these colorful decorated sugar cookies sold out first! The cutters are well made and precise.
So fun for our 18th anniversary! Sometimes it feels that it's hours... still love him!
I read the reviews and hesitated to buy this. I bought it and I am delighted. If you remove the seed and put the cut avocado side down in the container, you will be happy with it. I saved a cut avocado for 2 days, and it was fresh and tasty.
My package arrived in a timely manner in protective plastic. I have yet to use it, but clearly appears to be of quality and I am assuming will make Perfect Popover. When patronizing a restaurant in NJ called Roots, they present them as their signature bread. It gave me the desire to try this for a twist. Very happy thus far!
This works great! I'm so pleased with it that I'm ordering another one for the upstairs.
These are a great product and no issues so far. I use them in the quart size whipping siphon of the same brand and get a consistent, flawless product every time. I've used these for infusions more than whips so far and being able to get in minutes what would otherwise take weeks is impressive.
Quality of the product.
Kind of loving these to be honest... I've been very picky with reusable k cups and ever since my usual one got discontinued . I've been in search of a new one. I've used these several times and have been really impressed. I fill mine basically to the brim and the pour speed still comes out fast and smooth. Glad I found these :)
Jars work perfect for keeping things fresh.
I like the color, and the design. Very nice and convenient.
It was a perfect topper for a smash cake for a unicorn themed birthday party! Not easy to clean to re-use, though, since the material soaks up the buttercream a little.
I love love love this product! This product replaced 3 round canisters in my pantry. I will be ordering this product again. And yes it is air tight & easy to clean.
I needed a larger slow cooker for my Christmas ham and this worked perfectly.
Excellent, accurate, attractive, made from brushed chrome.
These filters work really well and last a long time. We never have issues with odors.
I have had this ice machine for about 18 months now and it is one of my favourite appliances. I am on well water so I don't like to make ice through my refrigerator as I don't feel the water is purified enough. I have a stand-alone purification system in the kitchen and I use water from that for the ice machine. It's a fantastic machine...makes batch upon batch of ice in super quick time...I love it!
These were great. Very sturdy plastic
What a way to take off! Excellent quality.
product arrived shrink-wrapped and new
I used an electric kettle when I was traveling via an Airbnb. I was dubious of purchasing one, as I thought it may be a novelty but and I'd soon have another thing on my counter that I didn't use but the electric kettle is awesome. Use it for a multitude of things , even cleaning out my son's water flask.
Bought these for a one time use cookie decorating Sunday school party I was doing for high school girls. Made royal icing and filed these with the different colors and it was a huge hit. The girls even mentioned how much better using these was over traditional icing bags they'd used at other parties, so I'll take that as a win. Also way less messy.
Love this cup! I use it at work. I left the office with ice in the cup and the next day when I returned the ice was not melted. Great cup!
These work great and colors are nice. I use frequently. They would also make a nice gift for a wine-lover.
Believe it or not, this gadget works. Yes, saves lots of time.
Great price and quality. I ordered a second one because it was so awesome
Great replacement for my old preasure cooker..
Delivered timely. Works well.
I have been wanting most of these accessories for a while so when I saw that there were kits like this I figured I should just get them all at once. Each of the items in this kit are thick and feel durable, especially the silicone pot holders and trivet. The metal egg rack is way more handy to use for cooking multiple items at once like rice on the bottom and potatoes on the rack or vegetables on the bottom and meat on the rack, I honestly can't say I pressure cook eggs too often but the rack has other uses. The vegetable steamer is great I love that it has very small holes since I like to cook rice and veggies at the same time, the rice cannot go through the holes of the basket. I haven't had the chance to use the spring form pan yet but it is thick and sturdy looking. The only thing I can say that is a little disappointing in this kit is the size of the tongs, they are very small, but are still somewhat useful.
Seller delivered very timely and the product was packaged with the utmost care, thank you!!
I misplaced my measuring cup for my rice cooker this made a good replacement
Making pizza. Crust really comes out good.
It fits perfectly in the inner pot. I've cooked several eggs, pasta with it. After cooking, it is easy to take out without burning yourself. And it is safe for dishwasher, easy to clean up!! Recommended purchase!!
Very nice inexpensive set of cookware. My mom has a tendency to scratch every cookware, this does the job and not expensive to replace every year or year and half or so. It's light as well, makes Asian cooking easy as we like to lift the pots and pans while stir frying/mixing the ingredients.
love this machine! its fast and easy to use
Definitely the best cookie sheet we have ever had!! Love love love
Very cute little molds. I used them to make dairy free chocolate and it worked perfect
It is well made, looks as described
I love Bialetti products. This is a nice, smaller French Press and once you get your recipe down makes great brew.
This pan is awesome. Love it
Stainless Steel tablespoons work great for measuring grit material for tumbling rocks. Easy to clean.
Like the weight, the heat distribution and they are easy to clean! LOVE these pans!!!
Very nice presentation, great sparkle and good quality
These are great, perfect size for salad dressing for my husband's lunch. Will definitely buy these again when I run out. Buy 'em!
This's such a nice mug! I got the Charlie Brown one and once I saw it, I had to order another mug (Mickey Mouse - Red) :)
This was a gift and she uses it by the pool.
It does the job that it was advertised and described.
Bought as a gift. Recipient loves them. Beautiful, simple great sizes
Works fine customer satisfied.
I am really in love with this skillet. It is very easy to clean. I was so skeptical to buy that the cast iron cooking is not so easy when it comes to the cleaning part. But this skillet proved me wrong. The cleaning is easy cooking is easy and I even deep fried some recipe. The quality is amazing. Just follow the tips after cleaning rubbing it with little oil helps to prevent rusting. Five stars
Ordered these for a birthday gift, they did not disappoint ;) hilarious and functional!
I gave this to my sister for Christmas and it was a huge hit! She loves having friends over and trying different wines and the fact she can label the different ones on the chalk board was genius!
Great quality & fits my Sunbeam mixer
Does the job and it seems like it'll last. Boys loved it! Will update if anything changes.
Was exactly what I needed!
Gave to my parents as a gift. They were using a plastic container on the counter for compost later. It took a bit of work to get them to use it but now they LOVE this and both my eyes and nose are grateful for the change from the plastic container. 4 months later mom still thanks me. I would like to see my sister top that one!
Bought these for my boyfriends 21st Birthday and they looked so good! You just buy whatever beer you want and then put the stickers on the beer and put them in the cartridge and they look great!
I had to part ways with my KITCHEN SPATULA after so many years. I was looking for a spatula that didn't split apart since it was harder to clean. So far I have used only the SPOON SPATULA and use it all the time. I like the design where it is 1 solid piece, a bit heavy but durable. Since its black - I do not have to worry about staining. Love it and would recommend it to any home kitchen!
I first thought why a mango slicer. It's one step and done. A great tool so glad I purchased. Sturdy, easy to clean and store
So nice to have a lid. Fits well and way better for travel than foil.
Well packed. Arrived in a nice box suitable for gifting. Look great in my home coffee bar. Unfortunate that people are leaving negative reviews on this product based on the size which is clearly listed in the description. If you are looking for a regular sized coffee mug, this is not what you are after. These are small espresso cups. Don't down vote a product because you ordered it without understanding what you were ordering.
Very cute ans perfect for baby shower foods.
Perfection. You can't ask for more from a Bundt carrier.
This stuff is the real deal.
very sturdy while giving a delicate appearance quite lovely and with the blooming flower it is a real showpiece . I couldn't be happier great product and no hassle purchase. thank you
I really like this set. I wasn't really impressed with my air fryer but these tools makes it a lot more versatile! I really like the rack that gives me layers.
Great for applying even coating of brown sugar to BBQ!
We love these plastic glasses. They are very sturdy, easy to clean, and super cheap! We use them for outdoor picnic without worrying about them shattering if they're dropped. Nice product.
Best items for the price! They work great! (Does not include a tip for the bags)
came well packed and perfect condition would certainly buy one again
Love them, and so glad I bought them. My old ones were is sad shape so decided to get new ones, the were a bit different from what I had but I'm impressed with how well they work.
Comfortable when doing dishes
I make my now famous ribs in these, 14 hours in the sous vide machine with sauce and then finish under the broiler! They hold up great!
Particularly like the color! Very vibrant. Nice size; feels good in your hand and pours well. Great kettle
I used these for candy apples for an event I had on Saturday,they were perfect!. They are very well made no issues,I will order again when I need them
The product was exactly as described. It is perfect for little hands. I love that it is leak proof and has a handle for easy carrying.
I didn't know how well I'd like "more" things on my kitchen - counters. But I love it! Organizes my tea's nicely!
Don't have much to say except this works and is easy to clean! The only problem I can see is the numbers being hard to read in a dim lit area, but besides that I'll recommend this!
Fabulous! Space saving but meets all my blending, shredding and mixing needs!
I really like to bake homemade bread in all kinds of styles. My problem has always been the cutting of bread slices afterwards. They always come out crooked, and not straight and aesthetic. This product fixed this problem. You can cut your slices with maximum precision. I highly recommend this product.
Used for serving dishes at a beach themed party. Worked great!
My original seal was past its prime. This works great as the replacement piece.
Love, love, love these pants! I bought the 8 qt, as well. Excellent quality and durability. These are keepers. I cook everything in them and they clean up nice.
I love these bags. They are well made, easy to unfold and the design is more functional since you can actually see what is in the bag. No more items rolling out of plastic bags and getting lost or damaged. No more hoping the bag handles will not break with heavy items since these are durable. I can put bread or eggs on the top of other groceries without worrying about them getting squashed. So, a product that is great for the environment that actually improves on the environmentally unfriendly option (plastic bags). This is an example of a product that has an excellent design and look with improved functionality. I actually enjoy using these bags and seek them out rather than using my othr bags. Win, Win. Will be purchasing more for me and possibly for family members also.
These popsicle molds are very nice! Easy to fill with the silicon funnel that's included! The tops are kind of tricky to snap on, takes practice! Just make sure you run warm water over the frozen pops to remove the molds!
Love that this product isn't made of aluminum like my old one which actually began to peel. Works very well.
I already own a set of these so when it came time to help my son move into his first place, I decided to buy another set of these for him. These are great for the kitchen and look very modern instead of the standard wood block. Well made and will definitely be an asset to his kitchen.
Very happy! We've had these a few months now, and I was weary as the price was so inexpensive but these cups are the perfect size and very well made! They've held up so incredibly well, dishwasher safe, no scratches, dulling and no cracks or chips! I think I'm going to buy more!
Great value, well made product, fit our coffee pot perfectly, for a fraction of the cost of the same item in the stores.