I received my first order of this product and it was broke so I ordered it again. The second one was broke in more places than the first. I can't blame the shipping process as it's shrink wrapped and boxed.
Ordered 2 they shipped 1 promised by certain day, then the next day, then the next day.
Stems were broken due to poor packing. Shapes are way different from the pictures. Blemishes in the skin.
The wicker baskets all unravel. Cheaply made. I reached out for replacements and heard nothing back. Going to send the whole thing back.
The first time is very good, very handy, but more than two times on the water, is not very normal. I gave him credit. Deleted.
Polishing filter defective. Contacted the company got no response .
This board could have been a perfect board for my son, but the stain does not come out from white board and the white board plastic (the materiel) started getting wrinkles. It is difficult to get any thing out of white board for adults, kids cannot remove it at all with the eraser or a cloth.
I just received it and the packaging had been opened and the soleplate cleaner was no where to be found. All I have are the cleaning cloths. Very disappointed in something that had such rave reviews!!!
I try my best to be positive about my purchases from Amazon but this one I cannot be. This tree is the most cheaply made poorly constructed tree I've ever purchased. And now I have to keep it because I have three kids ready to decorate their Christmas tree this evening. This tree looks like it is been constructed by elementary school children and put together with glue. I am very unhappy with this purchase it looks nothing like the picture! My poor kids are going to be so sad as our tree falls apart!
Almost every peach balloon popped after a few mins of inflating. The color is very nice. I wish it was durable.
Did not get the Pom poms. Just received the globes and then fan like decorations. Super disappointed
Great Product but as time passes gets worse.
When i ordered this item i was expecting to receive 5 little boxes as pictured... Nope one little box! Not worth the price!!!
Bought these for my homemade candles. The wicks are thin and do not keep a flame or burn out completely. Going to try doubling or tripling up and soaking in oil so they dnt go completely to waste.
Color is faded out. But when you take a picture it enhances the color for some inexplicable reason!!! Don't waste your money. When you want to return it you have to pay for shipping so to cut your losses you wind up taking their ridiculous settlement/discount and just keep it. Then use it as a shower liner. What a scam! Beware of Amazon third party sellers and don't deal with this one.
Love the feel of the sheet set but very disappointed in the cooling effect that your website describe. It is not at all cooling when sleeping. In fact tit gets really warm and still waking up sweating. This purchase was completely unsatisfied. I washed it so I have to keep it. I am very disappointed in this product.
I really liked these sheets at first but after a few months they are shredded. They came apart and now have 18” holes in them. I definitely will not buy again!
the pump does not spin, only turns 270 degree s
We generally like Aden and Anais products, but this fitted sheet doesn't seem so fitted. I'm actually concerned it's so loose that's its unsafe. Defective or are they all like this?
Worthless---Am going elsewhere to buy one that works. no Threaded screw in ends for urn No phone # or contact #
I love Amazon & for the first time I am so disappointed with the item I received. The size is nothing compared to the pic & the color is way way pale. The piece I received has only a slim strip of amethyst down the middle of the rough outter stone & the color couldn't be lighter. I don't know how to return it.
I got this when I was a lot newer to crafting and it seemed like the roller would be a big help especially since most of the crafts I was doing were mod podge based. I opted to buy this here because it was cheaper than at the crafting stores like Michaels but regrettably paying any price for this was a waste. The roller does practically nothing. There's very little weight to it so it doesn't really give you much pressure other than your own when using and when you try to use it to spread mod podge it doesn't, it moves right over it or if you try to smooth something like paper after you've applied it nothing happens either. I've saved the rubber squeegee as I use that when handling some vinyl projects.
Return in progress as item was not the advertised size. Fell at least 6 inches short in width.
This product arrived with a bent pole and two missing rollers and not instructions to assemble. I promptly returned the item and went to a local store to purchase.
Came with no wrapping or protection of ANY kind, now dented and came apart! This has never happened before.
These kept falling apart, returned for full refund. The plastic handle reinforcements kept falling out before I could even get these together and into my shelves
I ordered these pillow cases and it would have been a great buy IF I would have received both of my pillowcases that it states it comes with!
Ordered a fan and received supplement pills.
Make sure to make sure your nail polish bottles will fit
It's pretty difficult and the machine is complicated
It was basically a travel size and it did not mention this in the description. Way too tiny to use on a daily basis or even for traveling.
Don't plan on ever taking these down. They will peel the paint from your walls and leave black adhesive.
These will not stay on my son's wall. They are currently falling off every time we turn around and will inevitably have to be thrown away.
Didn't work for me and I have dogs so I know that there was dog hair in there, lol.
DON'T BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!It doesn't work at all. Missed the window to return it. Waste of Money. Junk
I was worried when a few 1 star reviews mentioned a clicking noise. Turns out I was right to be worried. The clicking noise is loud and can not be mended without opening the fan, which I wouldn't recommend unless you want to ever return the fan. Sounds like something was made too long and hitting something constantly. I returned it to get another one to see if the issue was just the first fan. Wrong. Both did it. I do not recommend this at all.
I was supposed to receive two boxes and only received one. Amazon what is wrong with the packaging department? That huge envelope for one box? Amazon is getting worse with product quality.
I hate to be that person but this is honestly really annoying as a customer. I never got a chance to use these because I had to cancel the order I ordered over $35 worth of stuff on April 4th JUST to get these with 1 day delivery (which really is 2 days depending on what time you order) because I really needed these now and they only carry them online. Then I find out they wont be delivered until April 13th so not only are they not coming in the 1-2 days promised, its going to take them over a whole week to get here. I don't understand why these are on prime with a quick delivery date and further more I don't get why you are tricking people into ordering more stuff to get it to come quicker if its not going to be honored anyways. The regular prime shipping times aren't even honored. If you're ordering these don't expect them to come quick despite them being on prime/free 1-day
At first the fan was great, very quiet. we have had it for just over a year now. recently two of the three fans quit working. we dont use it much so we were surprised to see it acting up. We also never received a remote control as advertised
DON'T purchase candles or BREAKABLE items from Amazon. They don't bubble wrap or protect products. You pay high shipping fee, wait long periods and receive BROKEN products. DO NOT TRUST AMAZON..YOU'VE BEEN WARNED !!
Shrunk 1 inch in width and 2 inches in length after washing
How Sway? Why is this tool even available for sale and it doesn't work AT ALL? Don't waste your money.
Used for a while, broken quality problems
Looks nice but it was missing a big piece. What's more frustrating is that I am now going to have to wait a month for the replacement. I'm just going to return it and get my money back. Really upset.
My boxes must have been defective, they do not want to burn correctly, only half of it will light and burn. They hardly crackle. I have been using duraflame for the past three years and this was a bad batch.
Received a defected frame.
I ordered what I thought was a new gauge, instead I got one poor beaten up gauge. With no ability to return it. I am very angry.
Zipper Broke 30 days after use cannot even return! Bad purchase
it worked great for a few months and then it suddenly stopped charging. it repeatedly bumps against the dock but never begins charging. the battery is now dead and it doesnt work anymore.
did nothing, was not scented lemon in the least. not even lemon colored, mine were blue.
Simple to assemble; just didn't work
Super flimsy. Not appropriate for a larger dog. My german shorthair pointer was able to get out multiple times, even with zip tying and using carabiners. Broke out once and ripped open his stomach area. Would not suggest for a larger dog. Only for a small dog to have a bigger kennel space.
**update** My Janome hates this bobbin thread. :0( thought it was just my machine that hated this thread but I gave the thread to a friend who has a Brother machine. Her machine hated it too. This bobbin thread is cheap & constantly broke...super frustrating! do yourself a favor and don't buy this thread!
This is the nicer of the two i received. Not what I expected. Doesnt look like pics. Very disappointed.
First time washed, regular cycle and steam came apart with fraying and shredding!
Not a single good candle in the box, they were all bent.
The decanter I received is not what is advertised. I received a cheap knock off made from thin glass weighing in at only 8oz compared to the 2lb. Decanter advertised, as well as a smooth bottom instead of a crimped to protect the bottom.
Terrible smell for two weeks of airing out. Awful support after using for only about three weeks. Into the garbage. Kept the pillow cases which are terrific.
Very low quality, looking at the pictures I was expecting better. It's very thin and image is badly printed.
I washed these one time and this is what they look like. It is clearly fabric defect and the threads are pulling loose. I have contacted the company 3x via written communication and no response. I left a voice mail and no response. And THEY DO NO ANSWER PHONES OR E-MAILS. There's ABSOLUTELY NO CUSTOMER SERVICE. I should have known it was too good to be true. Money wasted.
Product received quickly and packaged well. However, no 6 foot cord with dimmer switch was included in the box. Would love to be enjoying all the benefits of my new lamp but that's impossible without the main part to make it a lamp. Very frustrated!
This was received with a big crack in the glass. It is a bit crazy to send back the broken glass
Installed an about 2 days later it started spraying water out of the tank...Bag had a hole in it... Not worth the trouble of time an cost to send back....Will buy another product elsewhere...
It never arrived I'm still waiting after 5 months
Good thermal qualities but the material is too stiff. They don't hang well at all. Very disappointed but will serve there purpose for the rest of the Michigan winter.
This thing is a piece of crap! It stopped working within a couple of weeks :-(
Not very thick. Wasn't what I was expecting. Returned
I don't know how this pad works —it kept my sheets cool but made me extremely hot during the night. By blocking all my body heat my memory foam mattress felt like sleeping on a rock.
The basket is fine, but ridiculously overpriced. You can buy the exact same thing at Target for $5.99. I did not realize this until it was too late and they were going to charge me almost $10 per box to mail them back so I am kind of stuck.
Incorrect sizing -made for Chinese. Much too heavy for a holiday suitcase. Hard to get on anyway even if the size was right. Had to return and postage cost me nearly as much as the refunded price. Beware buyin goods from abroad.
The sticky back tape failed to stick to painted sheet rock. Holder falls off the wall everyday. Even removed the dust cover to reduce the weight. Still fell off. Ended up drilling a couple of holes in the holder so I could mount the product to the wall with screws. Wouldn't buy another product that mounts with only tape.
These said they would be here in a few days but came much later. I needed them for a party and they did not arrive in time. I tried to return it and they would not accept a return.
Ordered two organizers and they both came in cracked and scratched after week of waiting. I'd return then if there was no fee for shipping. It seems like case is thick enough even though it's cracked and scratch. Going to keep them but it's not for long term item.
arrived in time and as expected, but the problem was that it worked for the first day or two just fine, but now it's doesn't respond or move. I tried messing with the device settings on my computer but I can't seem to get it to work again. something in the connection got messed up I think it's sending the wrong signals to the receiver but idk how to fix, so 1 star. i suppose this could happen to any wireless device but it's a shame I'm just ganna have to get a different one
These do not work as advertised , you can put them in the sun every two days and still they do not help remove any smells .
They are cute in the pictures, but when I opened the box, the wood shelves were broken off the screws and I couldn't fix them because part of the wood was glued around the screw. The other shelf had screws missing. The wood is more like pressed wood. I would not recommend this item.
We rubbed and rubbed and rubbed!!! Took a long time to get on a clean wall. So frustrating. Does not look the best when finally done. Great saying but I lost my kindness during the process.
THIS PRODUCT IS FAKE. I am a substitute teacher and I discovered scentsy products in classrooms I taught in. I loved it because the whole room would smell so good and the wax cube would last for days! This product has hardly any scent and it burns quickly. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT FROM THIS SELLER. IT IS A RIP OFF. Look for the real deal because they are amazing. I'm buying from a teacher that sells them legit.
I never received my bracelet. Where is my order?
It was way to small for my 3 year old granddaughter you can't even get the over her head
One of the snap locking handles on the top of the box broke on the 3rd or 4th time I used it. I now have to tape closed that side. Product is not very sturdy! I have other locking plastic containers like (Sterilite brand) that are 2 years+ old.
The top of the burner is a light weight plastic and isn't even strong enough to hold the incense up right.
Fit well, worked fine for a few months, now dead.
These were so small and cheap. I had hoped to use them for a project, but they're tiny and there's not enough.
Dislike :( It leaks and I do not know where. I looked but I couldn't find it so I got fed up with it. I use it with a Spray Bottle now. For $30.00 it wasn't worth it.
Okay so I know $15 is not a lot to spend but this thing is really cheap. I didn't have super high expectations but I figured it was something that you know I could really just place my pocket watches in and even display them in my closet. I decided to return this for two reasons one it really feels like somebody took cardboard and painted over it and then number two it arrived without the insert. What a letdown!
Beware of this cheap tape birch look.. beware of this product
Very small does not fit my sink
Was polyester, would not recommend
I liked the covers but they reeked of mold and mildew. Trying to return them but it says non returnable.
I ordered 3 bottles. One is leaking and damaged box. I'd like one bottle replaced please
Never arrived and seller never responded. Had to request a refund from amazon.
Awful...leg of tripod broke off when first trying ti move it...also shutter does not work.
Cheaply made. Not durable. Would not recommend for the money.
One of the shams came defective. Quality control did not worked here. Either replace or refund.
If I am not mistaken I ordered tan/beige and was delivered a white one. I don't want to waste the time by sending it back. I will use it but I'm very disappointed. This is the first time Amazon has let me down and I'm not real happy about it.
Doesn't work at all!!!!
You should not sell this item ,it is trash
Worst pillow ever, felt like hard foam. My return was accepted, but don't make the same mistake as me. This is not usable!
the plastic container cam broken. overall not happy with the product. it works fine.
Very poor craftsmanship. The finished edge of the top sheet was puckered all across the top, so that it would always twist, and look and feel awful.
This thing....doesn't suck. It wouldn't even pick a cobweb off the wall. It won't pick up dog hair off of linoleum. Sent it back had a refund immediately. Read the other reviews and belive me they are right! Super disappointed.
I read many good reviews so decided to give it a try. I received the pillow well packaged and sealed air tight. Once released I expected it to reach fullness-firmness. Once I laid on it it did not feel firm nor did I feel it supported my back or belly. Not sure if the packaging is what took away the firmness of it or I just got a defective pillow.
I was hoping for shine as it showed in the photo, but, the stuff put a dull coat on my counters. back it went.
I got a box full of oak, just oak. waste of money
Would give 0 stars if possible. Bought this for my niece and would never give such a hunk of junk as a gift. It was advertised as Sterling silver and nowhere on the package or item say's 925. Very disappointed. I ordered a beautiful silver necklace and received costume jewelry. I've already started the return process
Doesn't fit the models listed
The point protectors were poorly made out of a hard plastic. They do not stay on needles, bamboo or aluminum letting my knitting fall off! If your only looking for the stitch markers then go for it but I bet you could get them cheaper.
Review is solely based on installation. This is HORRIBLE. I have never owned a portable unit before and the instructions are horrible to follow. Panels are only designed for a certain length window and won't customize to your window height. Ridiculous!
Like others that have posted reviews of this item here, I also received a unit with a Ni-Mh battery instead of the OEM Li-Ion battery. A 2 hour run time is advertised with the correct battery, but with the Ni-Mh I was lucky to see 30 minutes of use. Charging takes an extremely long time, and concerns of an electrical short or excessive heat from the incorrect battery have come up as well. The Roomba itself is great, but a lack of acceptable customer support in replacing the battery ruined the chance I was going to give this product. When I contacted iRobot to seek assistance, the product I received has been used by 6 different customers and has been registered for 3 years.
Also, their return policy is dubious.
One press and the handles deformed. Couldn't use it again even after bending it back, it wouldn't line up.
They may have been 1500 thread count as stated, looked great before washing. Afterwards they were rough and thinner. I could have gotten something of this poor quality for a third of the price locally but wanted a better product so I ordered these on line. Price was great for what they were supposed to be, not for what they ended up being after washing.
Very nice looking but I have to keep rubbing them down everyday
Very disappointed. Wish I would have spent the extra money on a better quality pillow, or purchased locally where I could have checked them out first. These pillows are shipped in a vacuum sealed bag and are completely flat, flatter than your average pancake. No amount of of fluffing them will get them to puff up nicely. I believe it's the combination of too little poor quality fill, combined with the vacuum sealing. They'll serve the purpose, but not as well as I anticipated or desired. I would not ever buy these or this brand again.
This is the worst!! All paints were completely dried out!
Clock was fine for a while now it just stopped working for no reason
Super thin and hard. Could barely carve.
Don't waste your money
Container arrived empty. Sealed container was completely empty.
Washed them upon receipt & they left enough lint in the washer to knit another face cloth size towel. Dried them & used them after a shower and they continued to shed all over me. Very disappointed!
No instructions and no heat resistant transfer sheet that you would normally peel off to get the design on right on the shirt. The whole thing melted to my easy press.
Never received package from USPS. Was not in box as reported.
The diamonds have to much dust on them
The front corners of both cushions ripped at the seams almost immediately after first use. My delay in returning due to busy schedule caused me to miss the return window. While the cushions are comfortable, it would be much more effective if the insides were not coming out.
Smells strongly of chemicals. Glitter flakes off. Very, very stiff -- I returned.
Arrived broken!! 3rd electronic item I've purchased from Amazon, BROKEN. Never again! I have to waste my printer ink & my gas money to drop this off now for a return? 👎🏼 Horrible!
Items arrived completely smashed in the box. It was full of broken glass and amazon would not give me a refund without sending the broken pieces back. I did not feel comfortable mailing a broken box full of glass and said no, so will receive no refund.
I am not new to wall decals, so I am pretty good at mounting them up, and have to say, this was the hardest mounting I've encounter. The transfer sheet was too strong that the letters did not want to come out. The paint on my wall was lifted off on some areas, and I the end I winded up with tore letters,and a damaged wall. I dont recommend anyone to buy this product.
tried it three times and each time it fell off after two or three days
I did not receive the package.
The vinyl melts when pressed on to the shirt, so when you peel the transfer paper off, it stretchs the vinyl because it is stuck.
I ordered it because I liked the model, I received a round regular ashtray
Lame. While moderately stylish, it does not glow in the dark. Returned.
Never received in the mail tried contacting the seller never heard back from them. It wasn't that much money but that's not the point. Don't waste your money.
definitely not happy but too lazy to take apart and return it. it is not worth the price!!!
Will not be buying these again. When I walk in them my heels really hurt. I contacted the seller to return my purchase, hopefully I can get my money back. Would not recommend, save your money for a nicer pair of shoes that are comfortable.
Not the same look as advertised
the lights is not even working.!!!
Will not stick to screen being repaired
After few days the shampoo dispenser started to leak by the pump
I love the look of the clock, but... it can't keep an accurate time! It has a battery back-up as well as the power cord. I have reset the clock several times, as it seems to lose a minute or two a day. Very disapointed!
I just got this March 26th and it already broke. Changed batteries has soap and won't do anything. Don't buy this
This was the worst purchase ever. After using it every few days to blend food and soups for my baby, it started emitting a plastic like smell and it stopped working. Do not buy in hopes that this wont happen to you (I did that) now I have to spend another $40+ on additional blender.
Arrived with no adapter, no lighting element. It is junk folks. Ended up cutting holes so the light would shine through when used as a lamp shade a other lamp stand.
Doesn't even work for a small bedroom. Extreme heat and humidity in a room will not be relieved with this machine. Get a real air conditioner.
I'm curious as to how the seller can say velcro like, when the only part of this little "kit" that is velcro, is on the backing pad. When trying to clean, the abrasive discs go flying all over the place. Additionally, the hex arbor that screws into the backing pad, unscrews while using it.
Sorry to submit such a poor review, but this product is poorly made. The plunger is a total of 4" wide, very small, and the handle is very flimsy. The concept is good but construction poor.
Buys their reviews. Garbage product.
This product is not what it claims to be. I didnt get all the parts and when I contacted them I never got a call back or even a written response. The power of the vacuum.....non existent . No suction and when u add the attachments theres no suction at all. Extremely disappointed and wish I didnt fall for the false advertising.
Great concept but didn't work. Tried all of the recommended bottles & none of them fit. Returned it.
2 flushes then it is gone. Horrible product
The hooks were separated from the body of three of the hangers during shipping and I was unable to reattach them. They went right into the garbage. I would not recommend this product at all.
Save your money. These bags don't eliminate any odor that I can tell. What a waste.
! I was hoping that this product would do as good a job on my expensive cast iron enamel kitchen sink. It did not do the clean nor polish. Very disappointed with this product.That's what I get for trying to save money. Back to buying Delta Cast Iron Sink cleaner at $15 a bottle and using it sparingly.
Love the style and the finish but there is cracks in the paint and damage to the corner. Would like a new set. Other than the inconvenience they appear to be adorable and minimalistic modern attractive. Perfect for a studio!
Looks cheap and ugly.
The Kenley Car Gel Seat Cushion was a big disappointment, it was so comfortable, but today the gel part leaked. I bought it for my son, who weighs 160 pounds and was very careful with the cushion. The gel leakage caused us to put it in the trash.
Not compatible with same brand door bracket, although listing advertises them as compatible parts and Amazon lists them as frequently bought together.
While the duvet insert would have been absolutely perfect, size, fluffiness, and soft. It came with two huge yellow and black spots on it. Since it comes vacuum sealed there's not good way to return so I'm bleaching it in hopes it'll come out. Just disappointed that it looks like I got a returned one.
This product stopped working after about 2 months, which is of course out of the return policy. When we plug it in, it doesn't heat up and there is a red flashing light on the controller. We had a similar blanket that lasted for several years before being destroyed in an unfortunate accident. We thought this would be a good replacement, but it did not turn out to be.
When I opened the container the paint was completely hard and solid, unusable. I am very disappointed it was not worth the money.
I ordered oil rubbed bronze, and this us what I got.
I never received them!
This was so tiny it's less than 4 inches long. Don't be revived by the supposed 1 oz mold this is a micro mold it's tiny as Heck
Very cheap material sowing very poorly patter did not match most sets include 2 sets of towels for 2 people thus were thin and one set not happy ok
Would not order that brand again
This is not the color advertised.
Total waste of money. Doesn't look anything like that.
Broke first time I used it!
THEY TOOK MY MONEY 2 MONTHS AGO AND NEVER SHIPPED THE PRODUCT TO ME. THIS PLACE IS A SCAM. DO NOT ORDER FROM THEM EVER.
We have central A/C. This product developed mildew in less than a year, and it won't wash out. A complete waste of money.
my son got this from "Santa" about a week ago, because we had to postpone our xmas due to a very large storm on xmas day here in maine. well when he opened it he was so excited and put it on immediately, when he did we found that there were 2 holes in the tail. my son was so disappointed that "santa" would send a whale tail with holes in it. i had to tell him that santa was so busy and made a mistake...he still wasnt happy and wouldnt stop crying. i am very disappointed with all the reviews on how nice it was that i got this and didnt compare to theirs. it is more expensive than the snuggie tails i figured it may be better quality, but now this momma is out her money and has to look for another one so my little man will be happy.
The clock light was not working. Item not functional.
Amazon sent me a wrong shelve that fits only 4 pairs instead of the ordered 5 pairs. Then Amazon did it again with the second order. The shelves are terrible, flimsy, the front horizontal supporter is made from the papers and gives way right away. Terrible product, terrible service. Nobody at Amazon pays attention what they they ship.
I hated working with this yarn. I knitted a child's beanie. Maybe a crocheted item would turn out better. I was unable to keep a nice even tension on the yarn because it seemed to stretch. The color was dull, unlike the picture where it looked vibrant. It was difficult to get out of the skein, too, as it was often knotted and tangled. Very disappointed.
Didn't stick and grew mold underneath
HATE IT!! It looks like a sheet insted of a comfortable
It loses shape quickly. I regret buying this.
I love this polish but this is a complete rip off. It states that it is for 6 cans but you only receive one. Price $39.00. They do not except returns on the item so your stuck with it. Wish I had never ordered. Don't be duped like I was.
Bought this after reading good reviews. But it's not water proof at all. If my son has even a little accident in bed, it goes straight to mattress. I don't see a point in having this. So I have to purchase another one.
Thin, not fleece, just brushed polyester. Cheap looking. Definitely not worth $20. More like something you'd get out of the $1 bin at Walmart.
Received a different pattern ! Instead of the yellow parts they are teal. Very upset because I wanted this beautiful pattern . Returning ASAP
Did not fit the 6 quart instant pot
The cans arrived covered in dents and all bent up - It's a miracle they didn't leak all over the box! they were packed in a box with a couple of those useless plastic air bags (basically two quart cans loose bouncing around in a box). Until Amazon improves there method of packing, I will not be ordering these from them again.
First time buying the vacuum for my new home. but since I used for two weeks and I was totally disappointed. The battery was dead. Can't be charged.
Bought the product in January, worked great until March and then started to give inaccurate readings for the outside temperature...off by approximately ten degrees...very disappointing !!!
Just a printed piece of paper, do it in you house.
The base of the tree is broken when I opened the box.
This is the second attempt at a gift for my husband. The original and replacement both had a damaged screen. On top of everything we had to pay for a return shipping label on the second one.
36 days in and one candle doesn't light up anymore
I ordered these hair ties for my daughter's Halloween costume. Instead I was sent Burts bees lip balm. Now these hair ties are unavailable. Thanks a lot! I don't expect such low quality control at Amazon!
I bought these for a school supply drive at work. Not only did they show up a day later than their guaranteed ship by date, but the box looks like someone tried to stand on it and then the packages of glitter look like they've exploded because of it. Couldn't find any other place to report this issue.
Not good for a dog collar, too weak, opens easily
Burned up the first time I used it, I returned it and bought another which work well.
I never take the time to write reviews - but I really had to here. I ordered two of these trees and I am shocked. They came in boxes that were too short - so the top foot and a half was crumpled and unable to be stretched back out. The trees were so musty/moldy (probably from sitting in shipping containers like many goods from china). I tried spraying them, cleaning them, nothing helped the smell. They made my apartment smell like an old antique store. Lastly, every time I handled these, my hands broke out in a rash. I don't know what kind of nasty crap is on these trees but they are already out in my hallway waiting to be picked up by UPS. Worst purchase I've ever made on Amazon.
These definitely do not feel safe. I was baking something at 400F and took the tray out and looked at the mitt and it was completely black where I picked it up..... NOT WORTH BUYING.
IT DOES NOT WORK - and I guess I am unable to return it.
This product did not even fit across my queen size bed and the pockets were not deep enough. It was also very hard. This is the first item I've ever had to return to Amazon. The return was very easy
We used them outdoors, still lots of mosquitoes, we went inside and there were mosquitoes already there, the turned 2 of these on and still got bit. DOES NOT WORK
Parts didn't match up couldn't assemble looked like it had been sent back prior to me getting it.
Was fun to do but the words "but ours is" is not readable at all.
Awful, does not weed at all. Had to throw away all of my work. I have used MANY different types/brands of HTV and this is among the worst.
Faded, ugly, waste of money.
it has never worked properly can't open a can of soup! it was used 5 times and I found it on the bottom of the drawer. with the old manual opener on top of it.
Arrived broken, all 3 frames
Item was returned for no reason, never recieved it and don't no how to contact seller.
The stickiness lasted all of 2 weeks. It's flimsy and unreliable.
It's been about 3 months with no response from the seller regarding receiving my order. Disappointed in the customer service from the seller.
Arrived with holes in two of the balloons, couldn't even use it.
This item arrived in the mail a MESS! When I opened the package, I stuck my hand into goo. Not only was the lid not screwed on properly, but the container was actually cracked! See pictures! And it says “no returns”. It's unusable! All of the liquid is in the envelope or dripping off the bottle
I made somewhere between 35 and 50 fabric cuts using this mat and it's not self healing. It also totally dulled 2 rotary cutter blades. It's being returned. I don't recommend it.
Not very happy with this item, ordered 1 and they sent 2 and charged for 2 for starters, it's not bright, no back light, I'm just not happy!!!!!
Horrible! The plastic backing is not sticky at all so it will not weed. The entire roll is wasted.
The cord broke last week. Tried to write review. But it wouldn't go thru. Over all I like the light board.got it for my paint with diamonds. Just can't use it now.
About 45 days after receiving the blanket control melted. This item is a fire hazard
The color bleeds through all paper, even heavy paper, and the colors are not at all as pictured or described on the end. I would return them, but Amazon says it's ineligible.
Smells bad and one end doesn't stick to the tub!..I think because the way it was rolled up. Returning this!
Not as originally described
The package was empty!!!!!! It said it weighed one pound and was empty.
Purchased in May 2017, used once per week on kitchen floor and it has now stopped working. Unit will not turned on and I can not find any troubleshooting information online. I would not recommend anything that lasts six months with light usage.
Half of the wooden dowels broke while trying to align them during assembly. Looks pretty in photos but the materials are the absolute cheapest. I doubt it is capable of handling any significant twisting when being moved about.
Do not buy this item. It works fine for a few days then it starts to slide all over the tub when you step on it. My wife is handicap and we bought it thinking it would help her get in and out the tub without sliding but it does not hold suction as promised and is misleading when it says it stays in place, safe etc..... Dont risk sliding and falling do not buy this.
The machine was working well until it literally fell apart while it was eat to 300 degrees and while I was using it. The plate almost fell on my foot and I had to jump away quickly now the machine will not heat up without making this annoying constant beeping sound! Very upset!
These are to small for my shoes
Cheap looking and dull.
This did not include the Dyson adapter as stated in the description.
This item is POOR quality. First of all, the needle does not stay in place because the screw doesn't tighten enough in order to do that. Secondly, the embroidery floss is lousy. Lastly, the padded grip on mine was so scuffed up it looked either used OR old. Oh, and those directions in the package, guess what? Those are for a completely different needle and the product pictured in those directions is not the product you will be looking at. The hand needles included, those are tapestry and yarn needles. Those will do you NO good for hand embroidery. The embroidery floss cards included are far to tiny to do anything with, they are about 1/3 the size of a regular embroidery floss card. Thinking of buying this? Don't even bother.
Very poor quality. No suction
Never received the product what a big scam
staying in hk and got the V6 in dec 2017 (9 months up till now), stopped working since last week with LED flashing red for more than 12 times. cannot get local support. is the US manufacturing still supporting the product (maybe send me a new battery, sth along that line?) if not, i'll have no choice but to sell it at very low price to local dealers. will consider switching to other brands. hope to get feedback asap.
Metal edges were rough and was snagging my fabric. The screw heads twisted right off as I was installing the bracket. Not happy.
I never received the item.
I just had a customer return the candle because the wick sticker lifted and floated to the top of the candle!!!!
The soap dish spout does not work. You get an extra one but that one doesn't work either. Better for looks.
Expensive for this kind of quality
Very disaPPOINTED. dOESN'T smell anything like it is supposed to. Waste of money. I am going to Yankee Candle to buy a chocolate cake candle!
I paid extra to get one day shipping and it says it was delivered and "handed directly to a resident" yet I HAVE NOT RECEIVED ANYTHING. I want my money back!
This was the shittiest product I have ever purchased. Does not work. Ruins all vinyl. Waste of money.
Came Cracked in a bunch of pieces
Both of ours stopped working. Before that, they pour soap out nonstop when you turn the lights off in the room. Had to turn them off before turning the lights out each night.
It basically didn't do anything! The squirrels kept coming
Says it was shipped but was never received don't waste your money
Each side had a different quality to it but neither one was super soft. There is also an edging around it that made it look cheap.
It was great at first then just stopped working, had it charging all night but no go..
We changed the batteries, cleaned it out and it no longer works.
Not worth the money. Returned it
Can say if I like it or not never received it
Product never was received.
I purchased this item in D and the cups were much too small. So then I purchased again in DD. They still did not work well and I decided to go with traditional shapewear for better support. Turns out, neither of these two items I purchased are available for return and I cannot use them. What a complete waste of money!
Turned green after one wear. Cheap and good for a one night costume maybe.
I love this product and typically purchase these candles at Whole Foods but decided to order this candle instead...unfortunately it must have gotten too warm and all the wax ended at one side covering the wick...making it unusable
I love the design, love the look but unfortunately after only 6 months of use, the tension arm that holds the paper towels in place broke off. It wasn't from use/abuse, I don't even use paper towels that often - maybe a couple times a week.
Came without USB cord, will be returning.
Cools you down, but then heats you up. Wish there was a way it was softer and didn't have to put under the sheet so I could just throw it away once I've cooled down.
Arrived over a month past delivery window, colors of pom poms not as pictured. I only received red,, white, orange, and 2 shades of green
The accent pillow covers are not the color as pictured. I ordered yellow but they are more an orange color. I would return but it would cost more.
Chair is built for smaller people the back is too short I wanted to return it but was told i had to pay to ship back or try selling it Not alot of help from sellers
This is cheaply made and it keeps falling off the hicks it came with. Also the weight is like a few socks and underwear my daughter uses it for my grandbabies baby shirts
This product DID NOT WORK.
Horrible packaging makes these frames worthless; mine arrived with all 3 shattered. They ship it with the ends supported, but there is nothing in the middle touching the glass, the panes are just suspended in air, so any shock probably breaks them the first time, and these things pass through who-knows-how-many hands and are treated roughly before you ever lay hands on them. Seriously, beware, I almost impaled my hands on big glass shards when I opened the box to see what was inside. I can't comment on the frames themselves -- if they fixed the shipping method then maybe the frames are OK, I have no idea.
Where do I begin? I purchased this sheet set to go along with a new comforter. My bed is a Queen. However, I chose to purchase the California King size just in case the sheets ran small or would shrink upon me washing them. The problem is despite the packaging saying it is a California King it does not fit my bed at all. The material is cheap and the fitted sheet ripped at the seem. This was a waste of money and a complete disappointment.
made my neck hurt more
Broke while trying to change sheets :/
Candle was broken unable to light and enjoy this expensive candle
One of my sheets was not sewed up right the sheet was half off the elastic. Can not use it at all.
This product sucks!!!!!!!!!!!
This is really small. The picture is misleading
It was spoilt after 1 wash
Falls apart within a week of use. We are throwing it away
Pay attention to all the reviews here who say the darn thing stopped working almost immediately. Indeed it did. I tried fooling around with the battery and tried a brand new one. Nope. A complete waste of money. This is not a real clock, this CAN'T BE A REAL COMPANY.
Fall off after a few minutes
Please be aware these are FAKE they are not Silhouette real. They were EXTREMELY sticky the first day (to the point I was having to use to hands to pull the items off of the mat). Also there was a strange plastic backing on the back which again isn't normal, lastly the real kicker the mat lasted me all of TWO days went from being extremely sticky to not even being able to hold down a small item.
Looks very cheap and not like what u see in the picture
The colors are not pretty like they are on the picture. It is very dark not those pretty pictures you see over there.
I ordered a 16 x 20 frame and my 16 x 20 print wouldn't fit. I measured and the inside of the frame is 15 x 19.
Never received my item very disappointed and no shipping information was given to me. Have tried several times to find contact and information and it is unavailable!
This was already gelled in the container when I opened it. Since I had purchased two, I was hoping the other one would be okay. It was even worse. There is a no return policy on this item, so I am out of luck. I wanted to try something different than ModPodge for glass transfers.
Not organic as described
Showed up broken 😭 which is so incredibly sad because it is beautiful!
Very thin interfacing
It was missing the front part where the key that goes into the drill I guess they call it a drill bit to hold a drill bit in place it's not in my box so please contact me and send it to me thank you
Terrible garbage of a product. Comes with no instructions and doesn't cut anything
It doesn't make any sense to buy this when there is such a fine thread shedding. Very bad for health also. Just started to use and realised I've made a big mistake buying this.
Looks good bur arrived with broken LCD
garbage part. breaks with a few ounces of force
This came broken already , the USPS guy said to me that its broken so he takes back I'm waiting Amazon refunds me...
Do not waste your money. I ordered on accident and after 5 minutes they wouldn't let me cancel the order. I figured whatever I'll use It. 1 these aren't kindling they are slivers of wood. 2 you have to use a ton of them to start the fire. 3 customer service is horrible. Save your time and money by buying from someone else.
The bottom of the item is bulging somewhat, so it wouldn't stand - it is wobbly.
Looks sturdy, but it arrived completely destroyed.... legs were bended, unstable. unusable product
Very bad product and doesn't stick properly....fall down almost all of them Don't waste your money
Absolutely no adhesive backing
Just received oils. Bottle broken and contents all over.
water gathered in the hole and left spots on table. Silly to have a hole for a coaster.
Does not light up and the fuse is too small to replace.
It could be an OK product: looks good from a short distance, just do not show the "flower" part of the apple: very fake looking, like they forgot to finish it. Very light, may be too light to be realistic. Price would be good if product was usable.... but it is not. It came in a plastic bag with no any kind of cushioning and packaging material! Plastic bag, not cardboard box! It took long time for shipment from Thailand.... came with dents in almost every apple! Why would anybody ship fraudulent items in a plastic bag??? Apparently, looking at the reviews, I am not the only one who had this issue. Yes, I dd see the reviews before I order, but I assumed "lesson learned".... apparently not. I requested a refund, and first was offered a label where I had to pay for shipment back to Thailand. I called Amazon and they got involved. Than I got offer from the seller: He will refund $4 and I do not have to ship it back.... I reply that I expect full refund and can ship it back at seller's expense or I can dispose the items. Last message I got was that I will get full refund ( in a few days, so still waiting), and no mentioning what to do with the apples. I have to mention: the whole communication with the seller was very polite.
This set of staples doesn't work in the mini stapler that I bought on Amazon.....Jams every time!
This set did not match my other rugs!!
What a waste ...they are not stickers
Paper thin pillow. Returning immediately.
I bought this clock a little over a month ago and it's already not working. For the past few days, the hands have been randomly stopping, but they would start up again when I picked it up off the wall, as if they were just getting jammed. I thought it may have been the battery so I replaced it but it didn't make a difference. Also, it may not tick, but it does make this sort of weird scratching sound, which is very easy to hear when there's no other sound. I honestly wish it would've broken earlier so I could have returned it, but I am now two days past the return window. I am not normally one to leave bad reviews, but I'm pretty annoyed that I spent almost $30 on something that broke after only a month and I can't return it.
$24 dlls for a tiny piece of s.... ! Just check it vs a composition book.. Dont spend your money it does worth it !
It was found in the BEADS section. It is thin string, supposed to act as a curtain. They were a twisted mess, couldn't untangle! I returned them.
Thin, paltry and a huge let down. Should have cost about $15.
Used it for 2 days and now can't even feel it in your back. Waste of money
This is a complete waste of money. This item is not worth more than $1. It is very tiny. I somewhat expected the size as far as length and height, but this is super thin as well. There's no way to hang it on the wall and it's so thin, it will not stand on its own. Also, for the price, I expected it to be at least hand painted. The lettering looks screen printed and very cheap! What a disappointment! What a rip off!!!
Not sure why this product never came. I just got an email stating my money would be refunded and it was too late to order something else that looked like this. I was really bummed
Disintegrated in washing machine. No one piece of what was left was too big to fit into a thimble. POS!
The product lights aren't very bright. I would not recommend this product to anyone. Cheap junk that needs to be removed from Amazon.
Didn't even send them back, threw them out! Had a horrible smell even after I washed and used fabric softener, I thought something happened to my dryer because the smell was so horrible!
Bad. Just bad. The fabric is scratchy and the seams are uncomfortable. And, the inner ball was the incorrect size. A waste of time! Sent it back the same day I received. It's too bad because it's a great idea, just a poor design and poor quality control.
Quit working after the first use.
This thing is pathetic. I bought it to scrub the bath tub because I am so tired of bending down for that back breaking job. So I charged it up and was eager to try it out...but then all of my hopes went down the drain when the smallest brush wouldn't even turn after applying the slightest pressure to it! Seriously Clorox? Who designed this piece of crap anyway? Definitely returning this one. The last thing I need is another worthless gadget.
Unfortunately, they don't give the option of zero stars. If I called it a piece of junk, it would be a compliment. The assembly instructions are largely inadequate. The wheels don't go in their sockets. The screw in the guard assembly is too short to attach the bracket and, worst of all, the head will not stay up. It falls forward and there is no way to tighten it and make it hold its position that I can see. Stupidly, I waited too long on open the box so I am past the allowable return date. My bad. I am stuck with it and have lost the money. Don't make my mistake. Find another one.
I ordered this item but it was never shipped to me.
Broke when used first time.
Never got this particular towel. They sent the wrong one.
Super bummed as I only received 52 of 100 stickers. I paid for 100 and when I asked for them to just resend it wouldn't allow me to select that choice I just wanted the stickers.
worked for 2 days then stopped. do not buy this item
Unfortunately this steamer is worse than the one I just returned. I am very disappointed considering it had such a high star rating. It did not steam enough to take out the wrinkles in my shirt, it spit alot of water on the fabric and was kind of awkward to use. I suggest spending the extra money for a better quality brand.
very small and didn't serve my purposes.
Caps broke almost immediately, unsure if hot water from the tap or cold air storing in the fridge but the plastic seems thermally sensitive. Don't buy.
The product arrived as schedule but upon unwrapping I noticed the letters were on the opposite side for placement making it impossible to apply to the wall. Therefore the art is useless
Not even 2 month and no longer working. Burning smell coming out of it. Definitely I don't recommend it. Waste of money.
Dont waste your time. I ordered woody and they keep sending me Mater from Cars i sent it back and they still sent me the wrong thing again!!!
Destroyed in the first wash
I had such high hopes because of other positive reviews but from my personal experience these suck. I have normal pillows, standard size nothing special and the zippers busted open with first use. I haven't even washed them yet!
The blanket never showed up. I'm very disappointed with this company.
Still haven't figured out how to lock-in the rod
Had to return. Ordered the dark grey. Item came and the color is some sort of grey/green/blue/barf color. Not at all the color pictured. Beading is cheap compared to another brand I purchased last week in white. Grey is very green.
Did not work at all! Not a drop
I didn't really like the earrings. They came out a little defective
I ordered the box set variety pack on Amazon and of all the scents I fell in love with the Eucalyptus Mint so I went back to Amazon to see if I could order this scent by itself. As soon as I got them I noticed that although they're made by the same company they don't look the same. The ones I received in the set or short and green where these are long and tan color. As soon as I lit them I noticed they also didn't smell the same and won't stay lit. Not sure why this company is sending two different types of incense but I want the green ones that come in the box set not this trash you sent me
Unbelievably dim, no mounting bracket at all for the light and it barely lasts 4 hours after charging all day.
Nice, but not enough power for what I need!
The worse set of brushes I've ever purchased from amazon 😡
I ordered 2 black slip covers but they sent me 1 brown and 1 black. Looks bad because I have two matching recliners. Living in Hawaii it takes a week or two for delivery even with prime. There is no option to having it swapped, only for refund. I don't have time to wait a couple weeks for a refund and new order. Disappointed they didn't send 2 of the same color when the order form itself says 2 black recliner slip covers.
I just returned this. Outdoor temp never recorded after going through the instructions several times. Customer service never responded having waited 20 minutes for a response. So I will entertain another Mfg.
This towel was not plush at all. Very thin.
The first battery did not work more than a month. They sent me another one and that one was even worse. After purchasing a new Shark Navigator, I put the Shark battery in my old vacuum and it worked. Then I put this off brand battery in my new Navigator and it did not work. Clearly these generic batteries don't work.
Definitely not one of Amazon's better deals. The box arrived cut in half and taped together. Could tell this was a retuned recycled product. Leaves were all bent out of shape.
I do no rate this transaction cause I did place my order is post delivered next day cause I have prime but is Friday and we still no have it .... read the message and said the package will be delivered on Tuesday next week I'm so disappointed I pay $12 dollar for amazon prime a month I'm so unhappy
I have washed these sheets two times and they are falling apart! I want my money back!!
Complete garbage. Doesnt stay stuck to window and you are able to see through both sides easily.
Product is very flimsy and several of them came shattered in the package!
Initially it covered the tree just fine.. not too thick, used 2 cans to cover two small birch trees - however, 24 hours later the whole thing came off - it almost evaporated!!!!!:( . this is not a good product.
2 out of the 3 balloons cane with a whole and found not be inflated . Very disappointing
This item does not heat despite being turned on. In addition, the rack was nearly impossible to put together to be free standing. The provided screws were too big for the holes. Terrible product! To top it off it had absolutely no instruction on how to put together as freestanding.
I bought 2 of these awhile ago when I upgraded my son out of crib. Now that hes potty training, I get to find out how useless these sheets are. Pee soaks into the mattress. These sheets dont work at all.
sheds all over my home
Buying these is like playing Russian roulette. If you get a good one, like a friend of mine's, they are well worth the price. But the one I received had parts that did not lock together and the rotor wobbled. I returned it.
I would love to give you a rating but 5 days after ordering I have yet to receive my merchandise
Anyways this product leaked and its super heavy so we never use the sprout it didnt work properly. Not even a year into it and it broke so there money in the garbage
Opened it and the entire butterfly is blurry, as are the edges of the frog.
So disappointed.Came in very bad broken package.Its so light and not steady at all.As you see on pictures how its looks like.I wouldn't pay even 10$ if i knew.
Loved this mattress protector at first, used on 2 of children's beds...recently both leaked accidents onto the mattress :( they initially seemed to hold liquid (one child had frequent accidents and both kids have spilled) but recently both have leaked right through...super disappointed, we've been using for about a year!
Way to small the bracelet and the rings more for a small child.
I needed this for a project. The scroll came wrinkled and cracked. It also came without the water dish. Very disappointed.
I bought these a little over a month ago. Just a few weeks ago I tried these on my mattress for the first time. They seemed fine until about a week in when I noticed the seam had come apart in a corner already. I would've returned them, if it wasn't too late.
I was happy to get these extractors at such an inexpensive price. They fit my 890 roomba just fine. They picked up great at first and I was quite happy. However, now 1 month has passed the rubber tread (aka grippers) has worn completely smooth on my black roller. For some reason, the gray one still looks fine. I am very disappointed and have ordered a new set directly from iRobot Roomba parts.
The Power supply cable to the charger was very loose . Had to play with the cable for it to light up and finally it just gave out would not turn on at all . Item has been returned.
My dissatisfaction is with the seller, Accents Depot. They sent the package to the wrong state. I requested a replacement and contacted Amazon, which also contacted them. DO NOT PURCHASE FROM ACCENTS DEPOT
This unit would be good if the internal fan wasn't defective. Not sure if it's a cheap quality fan but it's whirring really loud like it's going at 1 million RPM or something. Worked fine for a month with low noise but now I'm afraid that the fan is going to cause some issues so we can't leave it plugged in especially if we leave the house. It could catch fire or something.
The trees received are not like the ones pictured on the website, nothing really wrong with them, will be returning them
Absolute crap! Utter garbage! No bottle fits. What a useless article the manufacturers should be ashamed. Utter rip off. Do not buy. Not recommended.
Not great. Looked nice and reviews were decent but I cannot even out it together because the threads can't even reach in to where they need to go to screw/tighten the brush. Cheap product. You get what you pay for.
I used this for my shower doors. It is terrible. The rubber ends do not hold up and so the tool only contacts with 3/4 of the pane of glass. I can't believe anyone likes this. My cheap dollar store one worked better.
Absolute garbage. My husband orders this last month and gave it to me for my birthday yesterday, so now it's to late to even return. This is the poorest quality piece of garbage. Nothing lines up, there's bubbles under the sticker (yes, it's just a bunch of poorly placed stickers on a ball), the east coast of the US doesn't even exist on this globe, and it doesn't turn smoothly at all. What a disappointment. So mad that my husband wasted his money on such junk.
Never received my order... it was supposed to be delivered 2 weeks ago at the very latest.
I was happy with this for awhile and thought I had a great product til it suddenly stopped working for some reason The water started leaking and was no longer letting the mist out I tried cleaning it and it would work for a few min then stop As much as I liked it at the beginning it is not working properly and couldn't get a replacement from seller 😞
Horrible quality. I FELL in love with these when I found them at a big box retailer, I searched and finally found some online. A year later, I open the bag, they smell so bad, i had to throw them away. PLUS they were packaged begore the paint was dry, and all of them are damaged in some way and can't be given/ included as gifts on holiday cards as intended. Totally disappointed!
The one we received would not grasp tight enough and the arm would not lock in the open position. Sent it back
Glass was shattered.
I literally got the wrong item. Instead of these, I received a few dozen circular boxes. There are no returns (See the return policy) and when I contacted the seller I received no response. This is my last attempt to have them correct their mistake and send me the correct item.
While it "pops open" just fine to hold sweaters, it is IMPOSSIBLE to refold and store. Now I have to find a place to store this ginormous thing. Ironically, there is NO WAY I can return it, because I can't make it small enough for any shipping box. Stay Away!!
Completely miscut and defective. When I finally got around to installing this I noticed that they were completely miscut. Amazon wouldn't even give us a refund because it was past the return date. Avoid at all costs.
Lid was not on tight. No seal on inside. Looked like it had been used. I buy from Amazon a lot. This is the first product that I think is awfully. Should have looked at reviews before I bought.
Did not receive this item
I never received it.
This product will screw up your floor. Do not use them and waste your money.
Worked of for the first wee, after that not so much.
Came damaged with one of the legs broken off. Seller made it right within 24 hours
So I ordered the core reactor and got a thermal banger which I have 4 of already and I've waited 17 days for a reply but guess what no-one has hit me up I would not recommend this product of seller. If you like your money don't spend it here
this product doesn't work well.
Received 1of the 2 that I ordered don't know what happened but amazon credited back my account that following day very pleased with that
As a general rule you get what you see advertised. On this item, in particular, what U got is not what was advertised. The brand received is not what I got. Amazon goes not seem to care about the misrepresentation as this is the second time it has happened. My order history says I have bought the product before,but I HAVE NOT.
I did not receive my item! A sealed but empty bubble envelope was delivered to my address...where is my purchase
I will give the hamper 0 stars if I could. When I opened the package, the handles were broken and fabric was torn.
Not very well made. Three from the package were not flat they wouldn't even hold a pair of dress sacks. I will not purchase or recommend this product.
Don't buy. Broken after only a couple months the alarm just stopped working.
Never received the necklace. Tracking indicates it was delivered
The first time I've ever purchased brand new sheets with stains on them. Very disppointed
love how fast and quite it works Update compressor shut down It pumps up gets hot and turns off Won't turn back on until cools off Very disappointed, not sure of any warranty Just 4 months old
This was NOT an authentic LOL doll! The doll arrived with It's head detached and paper clothes!
Not actually 60 different colors. Worse, and more importantly, poor quality. Very few flowed smoothly and many required repeated shaking and still didn't work. Look for another brand
I never received this ornament, it was a Christmas gift.
I bought this for my students to use...the adhesive was terrible. I would not buy again.
If I could give this zero stars I absolutely would since I ordered back in September and it is now November 30th and I still have yet to receive my order. When I contacted the seller I got the run around. Granted it's less than two dollars for the product I still expected to receive it. Terrible.
Absolut garbage.. Bought it few months ago and first time using , it would work.. It does heat up but no glue comea out after 2 sticks.. I'm trying to picture a mess inside
We were excited when this product arrived as it is certainly made of durable plastic but the "bucket" that holds the compost material is not solid (it has venting holes all along the bottom rim) and therefore, this product cannot be used without a plastic bag inserted. Since the supplied compost-able bags are NOT recommended for home composting, this renders this product unusable for home composting as there is no way to store your materials before dumping them into your garden/outdoor compost bin where plastic "compost-able" bags are NOT acceptable. Very disappointed in the design of this product.
It was wrong size. Nothing wrong with it.
It was not what I wanted, I had to return it.
The entire package of cases were only sewn on one side where you insert the pillow...so, that would come apart in washing. What a joke.
Simple directions. Followed directions and the Downy Automatic Dispenser did not work. Filled the dispenser and tossed it in the wash as directed and once the washer was complete the ball was still closed with the fabric softener inside.
I ordered a hammered copper, I received a smooth one. The label on the box said hammered. Sent an email to the company to find out if I sent it back would the same thing happen and no response. Very disappointed.
Liked the color...liked the appearance...the clock mechanism didn't work...returned it.
The pieces that came don't fit together. Screws do not fit in holes.
Did not receive product. I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND ORDERING FROM THIS COMPANY
I was going to use the rose petals for my wedding they sent one item that was the glasses in but I did not receive my rose petals and when I got ready to reorder the price had went up on them I don't think it's fair that I have to pay more than what i originally would have paid
Worked for ten seconds
Poorly made, not sure if I can trust it seeing that is came from overseas
made of thick plastic without any actual structure. similar to an Ikea bag, returned it because it wouldn't stand upright and I was worried it would get crushed and ruin the things I wanted to store.
Very very very horrible customer service and product was never seen. Ordered for a christmas gift, then found out they had 8 week shipping, no sooner. When I emailed them, they responded with a very unapologetic response or solution. So yeah I never recieved this product and I would advise no one to order from them!
I just got this product yesterday. Not sure about the quality of this product. I can tell you that it is red paint but that's about it since the tiny jar had spilled inside the envelope it was shipped in. And since it isn't eligible for return I guess I'll never know.
HAD TO PAY $5 FOR POSTAGE. NOT SUCH A GOOD DEAL :(
Initially it worked very well, but now after 9 months battery only maintain power for less than 1 minute on regular suction, or just 10 seconds when on Max power.
The first two I used broke after the first use. Not worth the money for one time use.
It fell apart in less than a week.
The temperature is never accurate and can give a reading 30 degrees above the actual temperature at times.
Have orders thus twice and sent it back twice. The package arrives looking like it was delivered by monkeys playing tennis on a elephants back and then trunk slapped and stepped on by the elephant Breaking it to pieces.
Do not buy...terrible quality
I haven't even received it yet to write a review and it's been a month! Sent an email through the link and the seller hasn't contacted me yet and that was 2 weeks ago. Don't buy from this seller. Irresponsible and thieves!
The slots aren't big enough for the base of 90% of my wine glasses to fit in it
I bought this when I moved into my apartment, thought it was a great way to conceal a plunger. The first use the handle snapped and I wasn't putting a lot of pressure on it at all. I'm very relieved it wasn't a serious plunger emergency but I am extremely angry with how quickly this thing broke. DO NOT BUY THIS PLUNGER
they did not work and all instructions are in Chinese.
don't fit for a men's band
I have little bitty bugs that come up from my sink and have tried everything to kill them. I tried your product, and it does not work either. I would like to return and get my money back.
Was very disappointed because the thread count was only 200. The pillow cases were not sewn straight.
Upon unboxing and turning the blanket on, the controller melted and nearly started a fire in our nursery. The room now smells like burnt plastic. Obviously would not reccomend and suggest folks are careful with this throw.
Pillow covers were very poorly and cheaply constructed. Upon opening the zipper of the cover the first time, and attempting to enclose a pillow, the seam began to unravel. The fabric is also quite thin.
The material was poor quality and ripped after only the first wash.
Very very poor and cheap quality. It's opaque and not clear as advertised.
cheap cheap cheap left flake everywhere was literally falling apart light projection was horrible you only got a 2 ft spread at about 2 feet from ceiling...so unless you have a short tree or a very tall ceiling....ours is 9 feet and on a 7 ft tree it didn't look good at all did I mention it was very cheaply made...
I am confused the product description says 2 pack ... However when it arrives it was just a single package .... I had ordered 11 2 packs and only received 11 products instead of 22.
It was to be a gift to someone their favorite scripture..not now who knows what it says..enjoyed doing it..it's otherwise beautiful..u can't even match real words to the scribble..it is not what I paid for!!
Some worked and some didn't - i used one of the patches and threw away the rest
Description said “stretch” but there was no stretch at all and I'm not able to use it.
Simply does not work Comes of without reason or warning Dangerous for those who actually need it falls off unexpectedly
Thanks for not sending it
Not what I ordered at all!
Amazon fulfillment sent me hair curlers instead of the product ordered. They have a no return policy on this item with no recourse. Screwed
Holes are not straight. Will not work for my jewelry designs.
It fell apart a month in
It stopped holding air after one use. I need to reture the product.
Lasted less then 45 days. I am not a heavy user.
Don't order this. It came broken. I can still use it though. It has labels on them and you cannot completely remove it either. Such a shame.
These are so thin and small that I'm using them in the bottom of the dog crate. These are not big or thick enough for human use.
Super hard to put it on! Omg. It's a two people job. Especially when you have a queen size bed or up. I didn't think I had to lift the mattress entirely.
Deflated with first use. The air hole is not easily accessible either.
The handle completely snapped after one week of use. Thought these were great at hiding toilet brush and handy to have near toilet but disappointed because the handle broke shortly after I started to use them
The sign is a lot smaller than illustrated and the rope is very short. Cute sign but not worth the money.
Great size but smells very bad. I waited some time to see if the smell would go away but had to return
The first time I plugged it in, it immediately powered on. I tried to cycle the power switch but it would not cycle and just remained on full time. I returned it and decided to spend a little bit more.
Got this in 2 days ago & colored light switch already quit working.
They were not great, very flaky and messy and dull looking. Ugh
It didn't fit my system.
Terrible holes were too small for the nails. No nails would fit through the teeny holes. There then in the trash total waste of money
Very cute but started to fall apart and get pills after very first wash. Very disappointing!
I bought this based on the other reviews...burnt for2 hours and I still can't smell it. Will not but again. So not worth the !let I paid.
I was expecting real chipboard like what is used to make craft boxes or albums. This is nothing more than thick cardboard. Disappointed
This drying rack would be wonderful if I could snap the top section onto the bar to keep it standing up. But the indentations in the top rack are too small to snap on to the top bar and you have to either be extremely strong or whack it with a hammer - which didn't work because when whacked it collapsed. VERY FRUSTRATING!!
It is not porcelain as described. It is plastic.
never received it. and queen dream did care.
Just replaced my filters with the replacement pack received and after running the vacuum it smells like a dead rat as my wife and kids were kind enough to describe it as so I could advise that the smell is awful.
I am extremely upset as it was shipped without being properly packed. I received the product without being wrapped which can not only damage it as it was mentioned to be a surprise to someone in the house and it was a bummer that the seller couldn't bring themself to put inside a shipping box so only whoever bought it would know what was inside.
Top 2 drawers would not come out easily. Expected the carton to be slimmer and taller. Useless
And I can find nowhere to return or ask for a replacement. I know things are made to break this day and age, but it should be lasting more than 3 months. If the seller or Amazon can show me where to ask for a replacement it would be appreciated. Also, as seen in other reviews, the lid does stick shut most of the time and you must use finger to pry open; I've just been dealing with that. Please return my money or send a replacement, and I can change my review/rating
It looks great and the price is right, but it stopped working after 30 days! Invest in a better quality one.
It does it's job however it does leak and against my better judgement after reading the reviews I had to try it myself and of course this is just a leaky mess but it does steam and does iron and I only can pour lil amounts of water at a time to prevent bad leakage
When I opened the package, 1 set of bristles had fallen out. I initiated a return immediately.
2 of the cutters were bent. I can't cut out cookies with bent cutters. I'm sending them back for a replacement.
B I do not recommend it. The quality is bad
Too large- not realistic
Light did not work. I know it happens but ticked that the one I got didn't work. Was going to re-order but decided to go with another brand instead.
All of the sand doesn't move around freely. It gets stuck in the corners. Same with some air bubbles. Also came with a white smudge on the glass. Tried cleaning but seems like it's on the inside.
this was a complete disappointment - the tree quality is low and the lights are so tiny that i had to add a string of 20 lights to illuminate the thing.
One chair didn't make it due to poor packaging (it was cut and the repair seal never held air). The other chair ripped apart the first time I sat in it. I'm only 135 pounds and the seat detached from the back rest right away. The table part is cute but you have to be seated high to reach over the edges.
Absolutely doesn't hold humidity. Can't keep moisture above 60% despite multiple seasonings, shot glass of water, several boveda 72% packs even without cigars. Add 25 cigars and it will fall even lower. Clearly defective and am returning.
Poor quality lacquer job.
Q-tips do not fit well and hard to get out.
Ordered 2 signs for Christmas. they charged me for 2 and shipped 1. Thought I was done Christmas shopping but now I have to head out in the winter weather at the last minute to find a gift. Then I'll have to try and get my money back from this company.
The towels look good but after one washing they are falling apart at the seams and shredding.
Looks nothing like the picture. Very cheap looking, and hard to read the words.
The plastic cracked without even dropping it!!! I'm concerned 😟 I stopped using it for that reason. I don't want that to start a 🔥
The adhesive was good for a while, but don't really know how to get it to stick again...
Do not buy. Shit. All they did would catch on fire..... trying to remember someone on today, and they didn't work. Do not recommend if I could give it no stars I would
Not a single one worked. Not even a little bit of light. Nothing.
I got these, used them once, and they worked well enough. I went to use them again and they were all dried out. I spent too much money just for one use. I kept them all capped the entire time, except for when I was actually using them.
It looked just like the picture when I put it on the bed but then the colors ran, staining the sheets and mattress. I was very disappointed and upset.
Received the rack today, as you can see in the photo, things didn't line up correctly and the rack is not near as sturdy as I was led to believe. I am going to keep the rack and put in a bolt and nut. But do not expect me to change my review for any reason. You have one shot with me. My time is valuable and I do not have time to be correcting your mistakes in manufacturing, Many items I receive from Amazon are poorly manufactured, but I keep trying.
This stuff is a NIGHTMARE. It's super thin and stringy and the packaging is horrible. It looks like spiderwebs or clumps of human hair. Oh it's also impossible to remove. Ruined Christmas.
Sooo disappointed, it does leak, even when you set it up the way they require , l like how easy it is to clean up small spots but it's harder to clean up the mess it makes when it leaks. I hope they figure out how to stop it from leaking. I know other people have complained about this as well. So keep this in mind when purchasing!
I received 19 intact 2 ounce, not 1 ounce, bottles And 6 broken bottles. The lids look like they were stored in a dirt pile. Not happy..
won't stay upright! needs 2 suctions.
I disliked that the metal connector feel out of the dock, picture attached. And the batteries cause the lights to flick on and off - very off-putting :(
This is a complete fraud, The product shipped to me, with the correct catalog number is not even close to the product shown or the advertised. Congrats Amazon, you've become America's junk retailer.
Cheaply made and comforter barely covered the top of the bed.
I did not order this Do do this again!
Never arrived. Looks like a rip-off?
Well this stuff was crumbly and would not stick to itself. It was like wat sand. I couldn't knead it or work with it at all. Added water and pushed it in the mold and it cracked in thousands of pieces. Worthless stuff don't buy it.
Items arrived stuck together, some stretched out, and only recieved 47 out of 50. Now have to order more to complete project.
This film has two major flaws: 1) there is a size discrepancy - despite choosing a size that exactly matches my window, the film was about an inch too short and 2) the adhesion is terrible. I purchased a kit to help me install it and I followed the instructions yet the film will not stay put on my window. I just wasted my money...don't waste yours too.
These melted away very quickly.
I know this isn't very expensive but couldn't they charge an extra 50 cents to include a piece of paper with some instructions or a youtube address? I have kinda of a MacGyver engineering brain and I couldn't even figure out what the pliers we for. Even good ideas stink if they can't be implemented.
Arrived broken. Returned it, received one with the same issue. Not worth my time to take it back to UPS to return the second one.
Item was not packaged AT ALL and came in with several BLACK scratch marks on it. Not happy with the purchase. May be returning. Do not buy.
Peice of crap stopped getting hot after 7th time using it. Don't waste your time and $$$ in buying this crap.
This candle has no scent. I bought this because my last experience with this company had been good. Previously lighting the candle smelled like baking cookies. This new candle smells like nothing.
Brushes arrived unable to hold a pointed tip. After a few (careful) uses the bristles began to separate further.
This was shipped in a box that wasn't even taped on one end so the product fell out of the box when I picked it up. And although it was in a plastic bag inside the box the screw on lid was in pieces by the time it got to my house. Very disappointed in the packaging of this product. I am going to have to find another container to put it in once I take off the inner seal.
The colors were not as vibrant as the picture. The brown is not nearly as crisp as the picture shows.
The two smaller candles came in ivory and the big one in white which doesn't match. They looked dirty and scratched straight out of the package. Definitely looked low quality.
They are garbage. At first they work right, then they slowly start dying. I had more then one set and both started to take a junk. Not happy :(
Total junk. Overpriced for what you get. Half the lights on the tree were barely lit. Look elsewhere!!!
Horrible and cheap. The dream catcher is a hideous orange shade. The sunflowers are cheap fake flowers that they ripped in half and hotglued on the dream catcher. Returning mine as we speak. Cheap product.
First, this thing is HEAVY! Once I got all the measurements made for the installation and before I drilled any holes, I opened the board to full extension. I found that no matter what I did, I could not get the board to remain flat and rigid. The board folds in half, then folds again to the wall. The hinge in the middle of the board was ineffective in keeping the board flat when fully extended. As a result, the board would be rigid and level from the wall to the middle hinge, but the half of the board beyond the hinge would flop loosely with about two inches of flex. It would be impossible to use the board. I do not know whether the problem was unique to the board I got, but I was unwilling to try another and returned the product.
2 off my glass jars are broken, can you resend more?
Never received the item
I returned this item. Does not look like picture. Looks like a very bad machine embroidery job. Seller was great with my return
it was not well designed very hard to trap it on my wrist... returned it already
I wanted another creamy white color like the whiter colors in the pictures provided. upon receiving these sheets in the mail I quickly realized that the cream color was more banana yellow than creamy white. The overall feel of the sheets are ok....however, I will be returning based on the hideous color these turned out to be.
Was a good vacuum for a couple months until it started going into a limp mode. Now every time I use it, it won't vacuum up anything. Wish I could figure out if there is any kind of warranty.
Initially the unit is quite, but the fan produce loud rattling noise after 2 week of use.
It did not work sadly but I just ordered several different items hoping they work;) Thank you, Cath
Do not order this. Never arrived. Never responded to inquires. I disputed the charge.
Poor quality and after contacting company they said it is what it is 😳
This item is good, but the weeding tool was not included in the packaging. Also, it's not eligible for a return.
When I first recieved it, it was working fine. Now all of a sudden it made a strange smell just like a burned wire, and stopped working. It's not even charging.
Optics are very small, crude and not easy to use at reasonable distances to focus. Smallest, most powerful (supposedly) lens not useful unless you might be an elf or creature of similar size.
I'm trying to get a refund on my purchase I guess there not giving me one.
Waaay overpriced for a pin cushion. Should not have been described as a throw pillow.
Very sensitive in holding weight. Poor quality and I handled with care. Lasted 1/2 of recital.
This tablecloth is extremely thin and poor quality. Also, stains easily & even with pre-wash solution does not come clean. Definitely do not recommend.
Super down about this as I was really looking forward to it.
While it worked OKAY for 1 year or so, suddenly it started to NOT work. All I saw was it blinked and that was the end of it. Not a charger thing as I tested that. This nice looking wall clock is now OUT of ORDER. I tried to contact the Seller to get some help and after 3 messages no response from them.
SD Card was garbage to me as it didn't work. Not in projector, not in computer. Wish I had tested it sooner but I was too swamped and missed return window. Zero stars.
I do not like this vacuum cleaner. It's flimsy and it doesn't clean the carpet. Very poorly designed.....
The only result I see are irritation, sensitivity, feet darker (why???), and rougher skin than before. It doesn't work, at all. I am highly disappointed.
It was broken in half
SO MANY HOLES! The sides aren't sealed completely so they don't stay vacuum sealed. Highly disappointed.
Disappointed. Cheap, chintzy.
it is badly welded metal and lopsided
Very poor quality of magnets and items doesn't stick or remain firm.
Loud, heavy, clunky. I'll be returning it. Very disappointed.
They stuck to my couch about one week then pealed right off!
Ordered the first one and found an issue in the water tank cover, requested a replacement and the second one didn't last 2 days with same issue with water tank cover. DON'T waste your money on this item!
I'm sure I just got a defective item. It arrived with the packaging that's not in a good condition (dirty). There's a white ball inside the capsule that's supposed to hold the pellets inside, but the white ball was torn, so the pellets keep coming out. I am hoping to get a replacement as the product arrived in a damaged condition.
Never received it! Was supposed to receive March 6. Now it's the end of March. I've tried to contact the company twice with no response. Poor customer service! Don't buy! Never received item and never got my money back! If I could give zero stars I would!!!! Amazon please intervene!
I wish I had read the reviews more carefully earlier. These mats are leaky. The first time I used the it was for ink watercoloring. The pigment leak through and stained my desk. The mat was permanently stained also. I used high quality mat (made by Ranger) earlier and never had this problem. These mats have rough surfaces, completely different from the smooth surface from high quality ones. The only thing I like about this product is the size. But what's the use if it leaks? Pretty much equivalent to directly crafting on my desk.
I don't even want to give any star because I have not received my item yet it's been more than a month since I placed my order
Don't do it. Just pass. Three of the five were broken and the quality was incredibly cheap. I bought these as a gift for a child's birthday as she wanted fun craft supplies. I returned this promptly.
I wanted the brush pictured to clean cups and glasses. Already have one like the one I received.
I bought this container to store my sweaters. The design is good, but the materials are very cheap. The first time I tried to lift the container with my sweaters inside to move it to a different spot, the handle tore away. I can't recommend this product.
The sheets I received do not have the fancy-looking folding, just a single fold and stitch. They are also very thin and see-through. Also, there is a large tag on the top sheet at the wrong end that I didn't see before washing them. You have to turn it the wrong way to tuck it in. Because of all the positive reviews, this looks like a classic bait-and-switch. Steer clear
Lots of snagged threads. I was able to pull them to reverse side, then cut and tie them off but won't purchase again.
I received an empty package. I was told I could not get a refund. I basically paid for an empty bag. Never will order from this one again!
Just a mirror. Ordered an LED backlit mirror, received... just a mirror, but it was in an LED backlit mirror box. But that doesn't help me. They could have included a flashlight, so I could shine it on myself when i stand in front of this mirror. Just another reason to not buy online. There is something to be said for seeing and touching a product before laying your money out. Yes, the price was less than a brick and mortar, but the time lost is more costly.
Did not like these at all, i usually use the Lg silver cleaning Cloth, but figured I'd try these, well it took an ENTIRE package to clean my Bracelet! And my ring, well forget that! The cheaply made cotton like small cloths tore apart.. would NOT RECOMMEND
Very very dull and ugly and small. Looks super cheap. They aren't the rocks shown in this picture.
Way to wide of a seat and it had a hard uncomfortable seat
This is such a disappointing purchase. I have slept under an electric blanket about 10 years. I usually get about a year or so out of each blanket I buy. Mine went out and, being in Texas, I was unable to purchase one in-store in the middle of the summer, so I was happy to order this one. It worked properly the first week or so ONLY. Blanket goes off after about 30 minutes...every single time. The blanket shuts off and the controller light begins flashing and will not stop flashing until I unplug it and plug it back in. Unfortunately the return window closed about two weeks ago, so I guess I'll just have to toss it and be out the expense of another blanket.
These beads are cheap looking and have lines where they are put together. Do Not buy.
Terrible quality. Very thin. Had to double it to make it look barely presentable. Way overpriced. Don't waste your money.
This does not absorb water, and it breaks apart easily. Such a waste of money. I wish I can return it or get a refund!
So Far I have not put this multi-piece shoe rack together. I look in the box at the "so many pieces" and close the lid and walk away. One of the Instructions said to "be sure to read the instruction manual carefully before assembly." The "manual" is one page. A one-page "manual." Maybe the "manual" was accidentally left out of my box." So many pieces....
I didn't find this product helpful.
These are terrible! No scent at all. Would not recommend these to anyone.
It's cold and vinyl or something, does not come a cotton cover and therefore isnt usable.
Received only the blackout curtains with no sheers or tiebacks. ASIN number on package was not even close to the one on the order page so it seems whoever fulfilled it didn't look beyond the vendor name and color. Very frustrating. Returning for refund and will purchase curtains elsewhere.
Don't waste your time. Big disappointment. Impossible to put together. Missing hardware. Loved the idea but this pig didn't fly. Going back.
Worked once, sent it back.
Broke within a week. Never buy.
Arrived with a dead battery
I only recieved 48 out of the 60 pieces. This was supposed to be an end of year gift for my students and I do not have enough for my grade level. Additionally out of the 48 some were broken. I do not recommend this product.
UPDATE 2019: after one year (purchased Jan 2018) using this comforter, I can't say how much I hate it now. It's so unfortunate. It was great after the first wash but the second & third just went downhill. I only wish each section of this comforter has a seal to keep all the fillings from separating. All the fillings are pretty much gone & this comforter went flat. The extra fillings left would move to the corner specifically to the feet corners which then drags the blanket off to each corner or off the bed. It's very annoying that I have to shake the fillings to spread out evenly every night. I love how big the blanket is but this problem with the fillings piling up at the end of each corner & how flAt it has gone are a huge problem. I will be tossing this one out. It served well but unfortunately only a year. Before wash: It came inside a zipper bag. It was the perfect size. No damages. No stains. Not used. After wash: It took quite a while to dry since it was a very big blanket. High on dry and blanket came out great. No damages. No threads. No burn. I bought this oversize King for my queen duet cover. I read that to get it big & fluffy its best to buy a bigger insert for the duet. It was perfect. Big and fluffy. Made my bed looks extra soft and comfy. I'm always cold & will need about 2-3 blankets to keep me warm but this blanket was very warm. It kept me warm throughout the whole night. Maybe a little too warm that I kicked the blanket off the bed LMAO!! I think it is more on the heavy side & warmer. But it was perfect to cuddle & wrap my legs on top. My husband loves it as well. Overall, I would totally recommend this!
I should have known if the promise is too good to be true, it's probably not. This was a total waste of $30. I have a Christmas tree with a section of lights out and this DoD not help. Do not waste your money.
Half of the pens don't work.
What a piece of junk. I bought a small stained glass hummingbird to hang with this. Fell to the floor twice bending the hummingbird on the second fall. DO NOT BUY!
Arrived quickly but this item definitely does not fit men's shoes... Women's individual shoes are a tight fit heels will fit description needs to be updated
Complete and total junk. Fell apart immediately. Don't waste your money
The queen size was no as colorful as the picture.
Stopped working one month in, don't buy
These are flimsy and cheaply made. They are not restaurant quality.
I give this a 1 star because it was not as long as what it was advertised. For the price it should have been the right length.
They look nice but they got stolen off my front porch after being delivered at 8:30 PM Friday night.
Seeds arrived in 1 month. Never germinated after multiple attempts, lame sauce 👎🏼
These are not biodegradable- the box indicates they are compostable at and industrial compost center. Sending back
Terrible, but I should have known since it was so inexpensive. Came vacuum packed, and was completely misshapen when unpackaged. Also, the advertisement said that it was a two-pack, only one pillow came.
The ornaments do not look like the picture. They are very cheap with frayed material and strings hanging all over.
Bent, damaged, putting string through holes to make banner ruines ends of string and rips holes- very difficult and time consuming.
I didnt get mi item like you guys said they didnt deliver thank you any way next time I will check first the reviews for the seller
Terrible. Both leaked. Waste of money. I wish I could send this seller a bill for my damaged floor under the fridge that I may have to put a claim in for. Dont buy these even if they become available again. Doesnt even look like the pictures and its too late at this point to try and get Amazon to do anything about it.
Zipper doesn't go all the way to the ends of the case so it ripped when I tried to put the pillow in. Dumb design.
I would have liked this product if it wasn't all busted up when I received it. It was dented and scratched and nearly impossible to get the taped up plastic off the wand
Dont waste your money , there plastic. I could buy them in dollar tree.
I wish I could give this ZERO stars. Super hard for a toddler to use and BARELY opens up at all. I threw it away instantly and went for some left-handed fiskars which are much better for my little lefty.
tiny little package. each one is 2 inches wide.
Very frustrated. Opened upon receiving so that it can expand. It's been 6 hours and still hard as a rock and curled up. Wondering how long it's going to take to expand to isn't normal shape.
Glass arrived shattered. Frame itself was made of some sort of very weak composite material (like weak pressboard). There was a crack in the frame when it arrived and it seemed pretty clear that it would be really easy to crack the frame.
Not rose gold very disappointed
Stuffing falls apart and becomes flat and shapeless after 2 months. Poor quality for the money. would not buy again.
Beautiful design but wouldnt stay up. Customer service is great though.
holes are too big to contain flatware - i bought it to match the over-the-sink drainer, but i have to find one with smaller holes. the handles or even the whole fork or spoon will go through the corners .
The item was broke and is poorly made. It's not even close to being heavy duty. I totally wasted my money. I have no way to return because I don't have a printer and I'm disabled, I have no way of getting to a UPS store.
These smell so bad I had to throw them all away. I tried to use one and it was terrible. Extremely disappointed
Although I like the feeling of this pillow as I've had the same type of pillow in the past, this one smells awful. It has washing instructions so I washed It and It STILL smells and FELL APART.
I ordered this product but instead received some kind of wire thing! Ugggg. They say no returns. I only put one star because I would not let me post this if I didn't. And it was also a week late!
Looked cheap, flimsy, and overall just not good quality.
This seller never sent my products even after repeated attempts to contact them.
If I go give 0 stars I would. Recieved my package today and it was 2 long weird light bulbs!! Not even what I ordered. And I tried to return, but it's saying NO RETURNS. I've just been ripped off by this seller. Buyer beware. DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER!!
These didn't fit any of the earrings I bought them for.
I have had this for 5 months. My child had an accident, and it completely soaked through the mattress pad like no barrier was present at all.
Do not purchase. When you kick your recliner back the cover gets out of place and you are constantly having to re-adjust. Even though I like the longer arm length, it is not worth the time and effort it takes to reposition every time you get up.
I bought these towels a year ago but am so annoyed that I decided to write a review. I have washed them dozens & dozens of times & they are still shedding!! The shower & our bodies are covered in black lint after using them. I even googled ways to wash them to help with shedding & they are still shedding. So ridiculous! It's such a shame bc they feel nice & thick & look beautiful but are completely useless.
Falls apart after one use
I had high hopes for this from the reviews. It is sitting about 16 inches from a window and I allowed the 14+ days for it to acclimate. We had a series of snow storms, a blizzard, freezing rain and varying daily temperatures shortly after receiving this. It has NEVER changed for any of the weather. Once in-awhile I will pick it up and shake it like a snow globe just so it will look pretty for a couple of hours, but other than that it's a waste of money. Disappointed!
What is your problem???? SIMPLE order! I checked. I ordered 2 Different packages of garment bags, BOTH 60" long. I was sent a package of 4 that were 60" long; good. I was also sent a package of 6 that were 54" long; BAD. These do NOT fit my long coats. Was this Amazon screwing up or some Vendor??? Extremely Annoying. I do Not want to make a trip to some shipping company to return them. I would suggest that Amazon open physical stores where I can take the INCORRECT item(s) and drop them on the counter. You scan them and hand me my money back in whatever form I used. Say, all cities over 90 thousand inhabitants. If I screwed up the order its on me, but your record of my order says its on You. (I Doubt you care, but that is why I will go to a Local Store first if I think I can look at the item. Way Too Many times what arrives will NOT Work!
As soon as I opened the sealed package, the items felt damp to the touch and I was hit with a moldy smell. For an item that is supposed to clean the air, I felt it needed to be cleaned itself. I have no idea how it was packaged or why it would be damp but clearly it was not dry before packaging. Very disappointed for something with such great reviews.
Was not a good vacume at all !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Worst thing I've ever tried to use
Missing sheets, discolored pillow. Comforter thin & not as long as the one pictured. A waist! Don't buy!!! Just an horrible experience & who has time to box & ship a blanket set back?
This item is not returnable. So pretty much paying 30 bucks for a 10 bucks product that does not work. Should have listen to the others on there. Why is this item non-returnable Amazon?
Feathers broken on both not happy
These things aren't great. They are smaller than the listing says and they don't hold much weight at all. I don't see them holding a curtain any thicker than a thin sheet.
Stopped working only 6 months into use. Didn't work well anyway.
Saw the reviews that they come broken but took a chance. Ordered two and both were broken. I'm going to look for another source. I'm hesitant to take a chance again.
Broke after a few weeks. Never was accurate for temps let alone humidity.
This product was missing a piece , thought it was bigger but ended up small.
It came packaged really well but it was broke!!
Well, for starters, the bottle of glue showed up in a padded Manila envelope. The contents of which were spread throughout said envelope. Now useless to me. The bottle was cracked and the lid was broken into many pieces. Why this was not sent in a box is beyond me. I did call customer service and was emailed a return label, but in the busy-ness of the holidays have lost the printed label and deleted the email. And at this point have gone over the allotted time in which to return glued together package. I guess I'll be buying it at the store from now on instead of online....lesson learned.
We had to return the item because we ordered king size and you sent queen. Then there wasn't king available for a few days and it ended up being a higher price.
I only received the sheets not the quilt I I payed that much money for sheets and pillow cases never again will I order from Amazon
They broke a few weeks after using them in the kitchen, not durable or sturdy at all.
I didnt receive them
We have an average sized recliner, not an oversized one. This cover will not properly fit the shape of our chair, it does not hook/latch securely. Despite following the instructions, we cannot get this cover to stay on the seat part of the chair. I easily adjust the cover 10x a day.
I never received my product. It said it was shipped but I never got it. I requested a refund and was denied.
After one use the mold stuck to the resin and when you pull the resin piece out of the mold the mold completely ripped and tore to shreds. Junk.
I but this on the 30th of December in an already isn't working. I've done everything that the instructions have said and it only stays on for 30 seconds at a time. I'm so disappointed.
Goodness-aside from being scraggly and bent up, as soon as I opened the package, several leaves and olives fell off. As soon as I started trying to fluff the bushes, more leaves fell off & frankly, they look awful. I got some at a store in town when they were 50% off and they look SO much better for less. So disappointed.
Wrong belt, even though my vacuum was listed in the description.
They leak green dye onto everything else they touch. I have washed them 4 or 5 times now and they still run green dye. I'm not going to be able to use these. Very disappointed!
Very cheap product I'll keep it and use it but will be surprised if it holds up. It held 5 mega roles of TP. The cut out part is useless as no box of tissues would fit.
This is a horrible product! The vinyl starts separating from paper backing upon unrolling and as it's being cut. Difficult to weed the product and the paper backing sticks to cutting mat and is currently still stuck on there. And guess what after you purchase this horrible you are unable to return it! Don't waste your money!
Very disappointed with this product...the top keeps popping out and won't stay in.
I got the impression this was going to include a LOT of beads but it barely includes enough for once bracelet. Not worth it.
I never received this in the box
My Grandson received the bracelet on Sunday for First Communion. He wore it to school today (Monday), and the metal cross broke in half. This is totally unacceptable!!!! It does not even deserve a single star!!! I am very disappointed.
This is something I wish I'd never bought. Trying to move the hooks around and apart is nearly impossible. It is so stiff! I would recommend sticking with the plastic version of these.
Did not stick to wall
The poster came heavily creased and damaged. A significant amount of color had pealed off in the center of the image.
I do not recommend this soap dispenser. Cheap material, it ended up in the trash.
The reusable metal candlestick liners did not fit into my candlesticks. I was very disappointed. If they did fit, they would have been very useful.
I really loved this fan until the setting knob broke off after 9 month of use. It was a strong fan, not too loud, light all around great until it broke. Hopefully the seller fixes the issue & I can change my review. Wish me luck!
These are terrible. They are incredibly dim, likely due to poor wicks. Do not buy.
Said I would receive 12 sheets of glitter vinyl only came with 7! What a rip off!!
This plaque is a very thin piece of cheap wood. The lettering is sometimes hard to read. Very disappointing and too embarrassing to give as the gift I had planned.
Very, very disappointed. Sooooo flimsy & cheap. I have purchased pillow inserts before & they were actually like a nice uncovered pillow. These remind me of those cheap pillows you sometime are given when you're flying. I intend on returning !!!
I had initially purchased an led strip from Nexlux for my tv and it had arrived broken. Nexlux then sent me a 12ft led strip for free and it had worked perfectly. So I decided to try another 12 ft led strip for my other shelf and it was working fine until today. The blue leds are no longer working. This is very frustrating as I have led strips from other sellers on other tvs that have been working for months with no problems. Now i have 12ft of leds that are supposed to be RGB and are now just RG.
I just tried to use it and it doesn't fit! Way too big and I wasn't even able to turn on vacuum. I want to return.
This safe is useless. My house was broken into and this safe did not deter the thief from my gun. They ripped the cable completely off, bent the top, broke the lock and took the gun, no problem. Do not think your gun will be protected with this safe. Would only be good for keeping young kids away from your gun. I will not be purchasing this brand ever again.
Completely stopped working 3 month after it was purchased. I never leave reviews but figured since I only got maybe 2 hours total time out of it I needed to leave one. I have cleaned it, changed the filter, still nothing. Save your money and don't purchase.
The worst product. The letters are not clear and looks pixelated. You get what you pay for. Plus it ships from overseas and takes forever.
I wouldn't recommend this kit. First of all, it doesn't come with enough bags to put the beads in. The chart symbols are almost impossible to see - I had to get out a magnifying glass (seriously). Also, it's very difficult to tell the difference between some of the symbols. Some of the beads are different sizes so they get stuck in the tray. Need I say any more!
They flowers are shiny plastic. They need a full coating on the flower portion. The leaves are shiny too, but would pass for boxwood leaves. Wouldn't buy again.
I never received this product.
We bought this AC to go in our kitchen window. We bought it like new fulfilled by amazon. It came to us so damaged that we can't even get it in the window. The box came so ripped I wonder if Amazon or UPS damaged it. If I could give it zero stars I would.
I started on a project that I had bought three of these shadow boxes for and when I open one it was damage which I believe happened in shipping . Now I find out the my return date is past and don't think it is fair. Only one was doubled box and the other two were in a single box, it is one these that is damaged and would appreciate you reconsidering replacing it.
flimsy board, one leg broke at the base of the board in less than four months of occasional use. and there is no way to fix it.
Arrived broken. Not happy.
These are horrible. Most of the pens don't work. Waste of money: do NOT buy
The product arrived to me already open. The pellets had spilled out into the packaging and all over my floor. I order organic ones. These are lot organic.
They are soft; however, these sheets will NOT stay on the bed for a split king adjustable bed. I would not recommend unless you like to put on your fitted sheet multiple times a day.
Took a week to even ship my order Not pleased and haven't even gotten my item yet
Very disappointed. No washers, so there is no way to use these. A waste of my money and time. 😡
Got a message saying the product was damaged and it was the last one. Also the price jumped between viewing it and ordering it. Why I'm supposed to rate something I didn't get is beyond me.
This is a rip off! I received a peach colored one, NOT pink at all. The smell is horrendous! I bought 30 pieces of white from another vendor and it was exactly the same, there is not difference at all and it was just $17 for 30 pieces! Will update with a photo.
Didn't even fit a standard box of tissues. Returned it immediately. So disappointed!
Only the largest handle cover fits anything you'd have in your kitchen. The picture shown is deceptive because it doesn't fit the fridge door handles of any model similar to the one on the description. They were nice looking (that's where the 1 star comes from) but I literally couldn't find a single appliance I could use the two smaller ones on.
Million pieces to assemble, mirror was damaged/chipped in shipping. Better packaging might render this a decent product.
No matter the setting it wont turn on as it should. Even if you simply turn it to the "on" position, half the time it wont even do that. New batteries, set up per instructions. I wont ever trust it to do its thing while I am away.
Never received this product
It feel off the wall and broke the 4th day
box appears large in picture but is really small and only holds 12 batteries. not worth the price
Didn't even last 4 months of use..... used it January to March. Put it away for summer. Took it out 2nd week of October and it's not heating up. Very wasteful.
My epoxy resin paperweight stuck to the mold. Was super hard to get it out. Ended up throwing away the mold because it can't be used again.
Not worth your money.
I would give this product a negative three stars. There is an old adage you get what you pay for. The black cartridge repeatedly failed. I was continually cleaning the printer heads via the printer in order to print a document. My printer would print one or two documents and then out came a blank sheet. After two weeks of this frustrating experience, I ordered an HP black printer cartridge and no problems since I installed the HP cartridge. Would I recommend the Mony cartridge? Never. update on review The manufactured has been responsive to my problem, their customer service skills would rate 5 stars.
I bought these towels based on price and reviews. They're soft but small and literally not absorbent AT ALL. I don't understand how a towel can't work but these ones don't.
This product does not reliably turn on and the dial does not have an indicator on how high you are trying to heat your bottle. The warmer kept turning on and off without letting me know why. The metal plate inside gets warm, but would. Or heat the test batch of water I placed in the cup. Also, does not fit tommee tippee bottles.
Horrible. Broke with 15 month of light use. 15 dollar piece from target is better then this.
No difference in truck RETURNED
I purchased this storage cube to hold various books and materials in my office. I started to put it together and there were three broken dowels in the supply bag. As I attempted to put the ones together that were not broken, they snapped and are now stuck in the shelf and cannot be pulled out. The backing boards are all damaged as well as the shelf edges. I am disappointed in the quality of these materials.
Unlike their claim, There is no way you can make it work. I changed wiring to every possible way and didn't work and finally the roller popped up. The only reason I order this was the self drilling screws. I don't know who designed them but the depth of the track is so small that you can't put the screw driver in.
Color was very much off, more gray with a blue tint than a Navy. Unable to use on the project I bought it for.
There was only one panel not two as described. Returned twice because Amazon kept sending one panel. Very dissatisfied and disappointed.
Sign faded in a couple weeks.. flimsy also
CLIP IS WAY TO STRONG. HARD TO FIT A FEW C-NOTES IN THERE W/O POSSIBLY TEARING CURRENCY
Nearly 9 weeks from purchase to delivery and 20 days later than their delivery window. Came in quite damaged. Seller did issue a partial refund. But, I would have rather received it on time and in perfect condition.
Ordered 2 roller mop heads, when installed on mop assembly the sponge portions became disconnected from the steel clamping mechanism when squeeze rollers were activated. Both mop heads failed during first use. Disregard the 1 star rating. Correct rating should be negative 5. $15 dollars in the trash.
Product was lost and never got them ..
only buy this pillow if you like sleeping on 3 inches of pillow. Each of the sections is about 3-5 inches wide, hard and very uncomfortable. Doesn't matter if you're sleeping in your side or back. Tried to return it and I'm getting mixed messages from this company. Yes you can, no you can't. Can't get a straight answer and customer service is slow to respond. BEWARE. Maybe Amazon should reconsider this company as a selling partner...
The bath mat has a bad smell that will not go away. I trashed it after I soaked it for a week! Still had the smell. Do not buy this mat!
Outside becomes immediately hot. This is not vacuum insulated. They are liars.
The 'sterling silver' turned a copper color within a week or two. I wouldn't order this again.
These were awful. I have purchase multiple lights for projects and this brand was terrible. One light wouldn't even unscrew to place batteries. Waste of money
Product faded and cracked in less than four months. Tried to contact seller; no response. Throwing it in the trash now. I would NOT recommend this product or the seller.
The product didn't include the instructions. I can't put the pieces together without instructions.
Sharp edges! Do NOT USE AROUND SMALL CHILDREN.
A lot smaller then I thought . just realize I didn't get the product I order it was missing the bottom drawers .
I read these were bleach resistance but they are not. I work in a salon so these were a bad choice.
It didn't fit and seams open up.
I bought the shower curtain a month ago and just washed it for the first time today, all metal rings on the curtain fell out but three! Worst shower curtain ever!
I got this as a recommendation from my mom who purchased the same item and loves it. Unfortunately, the comforter was vacuum sealed with a bug inside. I have pets so I didn't even open the package in case it isnt dead or the only one.
Does not fit a Samsung S8 screen it is too small. It is not lo g enough and does not cover the edges.
Bought this for my sister but it it broke on her
It was delivered with a dead battery,
Product is unsatisfactory. It does not power the vacuum cleaner as the original did. I used it twice and it will not recharge. I am very disappointed. Don't buy it, if you do, you will regret it.
Horrible quality duvet that was made in China. Not ultra soft as item is described, no actual packaging info. There is a small paper label slide inside of package that was clearly printed on a home computer. You are better off paying the higher price at bed, bath and beyond to get a quality product that is actually 100%cotton with and actual 650 thread count.
Never received this item.
Not even close to an actual blackout curtain. They might cut the light down a little, but if you're looking for something to make it actually dark in a room, these are not what you want. I posted a photo comparing them to a normal curtain (normal on the left, “blackout” (lol no) on the right), barely any difference.
I ordered the 3/8” inch rings, and got the smallest size they offered, NOT what I ordered. These are completely unusable for what I need them for.
Sticker was smashed and wrinkled from shipping
First, make sure your tub surround is flat, and that the water doesn't hit it when you fill the tub. There is nothing on the bottom to hold the device in place. It moves all over. If you take it out to fill the tub, it slides open and it's not easy to put it back = two hands. I will gift it to the Salvation Army.
Multiple broken pieces. Expensive for what you get. Photos of overall set and broken items (one staff was bent in half and I was able to straighten.) Overall still looks okay but it is overpriced. Shipping box was in good shape so it was shipped broken and bent.
I was trying to contact the seller because I need a refund but I cant find the link to contact them directly so I'm leaving this review hoping they can see it and contact me asap ; the organizer came with a lot of damage and with missing parts I wasn't able to put it together because some of the nails and screw were missing!
This was a bait and switch. Though I was getting the eagle head and got the tacky cane with gold inlays and no eagle head. BUYERS BEWARE
I ordered this pencil case TWICE and didn't receive any pencil cases at all! There is NO way to contact these sellers once they claim your item has been delivered! DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS SELLER
I have searched and searched for a good water bottle humidifier. This one was my 3rd attempt and was excited when it worked. It worked for one day and then it just stopped working. Returned and back to the hunt.
If you want to give yourself a headache trying to install somthing that should take 10 minutes but ends up taking 90 minutes, this is the toilet paper dispenser for you!
waste of money did not work for me this stuff is garbage!
After waiting over a month this product did not ship. I will not order from this company again.
This is my second order of these totes. First order was fine, second time the top tote in the box arrived shattered. Trying to coordinate a replacement is more hassle than it's worth. I like these totes but next time will buy them from my local Walmart.
The add is misleading. It shows a picture of the sound bar in a TV entertainment room. However, you cannot connect this product to a TV. I had no idea about how to install the product until I got it and researched online as the instructions do not specify this. Most TVs need either an optical cord or a HMDI cable in order to connect a sound bar. The product comes with regular pin cables. Even if I decide to buy an optical or HMDI cable the sounder does not have the outlets to connect either or. If you want a sound bar for your iPhone or another product with bluetooth capabilities, buy it. If not don't even bother on giving this sound bar a try.
These are not percale cotton matte finished sheets. Feels and looks like polyester and very shiny.
Exploded in my car, also sent back for a refund and they have yet to give me my money
I bought three sets of twin sheets. I didn't open the third one until the third mattress I bought arrived and found it to be ripped right of the package. Unfortunately I'm outside of the return time frame or I would have. The other two were fine but still disappointed.
this product is dysfunctional
Wanted as storage but compartments too small thought pouches were larger!
One of the boards for the drawers came broken.
Way too thick. I've purchased siser easy weed several times, this isn't it.
I waited weeks to get these and when I did this is what I got. About 6 of them came like that, and the color choice I had picked was not what I got I have more pictures but idk how to upload multiples. Horrible quality. I have requested a full refund.
Had good power when installed June 2017. Lasted 6 months. Unacceptable. I save the original battery from years ago when I bought the Dyson, and it charged fine, just won't go far on a charge.
Never received the items. Seller won't respond to inquires.
Was not happy with product. Had to send back and still wasn't happy with replacement. Sent wrong items both times. Seller was pleasant about it and said I could keep or donate the product. I donated it to the less fortunate
Oysters were opened their shells and smelled horrible. all pearls fell out after opened vacuum bag. Very disappointed.
The quality of this was not what I expected. The sunflowers fell off the leaves very easily. I returned it
My product did not arrive it was supposed to be delivered in two packages but only one package and only one of the five rugs was in the box what do I do?
Plastic piece broken inside the lid after 2 days using this can and it does shut anymore.
My Amazon account was hacked by someone who was paid to falsely endorse this item. I woke up to 10 emails from Amazon thanking me for my review on the sameness product- this one. That means the sellers of this product paid people to hack into my account, purchase this item 10 times, all so they could write 10 positive reviews about it. That should tell you that this product is crap right there. So, I replaced all 10 reviews with this one. Clearly, this is an inferior product.
Horrible quality! One of the hanger hooks was broken when I took it out of the package. Very cheaply made...DO NOT BUY! This item is also non-returnable.
It won't stay on the screen with a case.. I want my money back but no one will get back to me
I really wish I did have to give any stars.. it deserves ZERO STARS!!!!!!! ITS NOT PERMANENT THE QUALITY IS HORRIBLE DO. NOT. BUY!
These rip so easily and don't work for our recycling at all. Very disappointed with this product.
Never even received and had to go ask for money back. Never recent.. nothing. No communication
Based on the good reviews, I bought the tree. Should of paid more attention to the bad reviews. They are more true. The tree I purchased came in 4 sections. The hinge rods are not secured enough and branches move easily. When assembling the tree and arranging the branches, I had tree needles on me, carpet, and even some stuck to the wall. One branch broke off when I was arranging. VERY poor quality. I don't foresee this tree lasting long at all.
Smells like nail polish. makes everything super oily. I buy beeswax all the time but since the company I normally by from doesnt sell in larger quantity so I choose this. DO NOT BUY!!!!!! ITS FAKE BEESWAX, WISH I COULD GIVE IT ZERO STARS
I love how these look on our chairs but I'm really disappointed that after a couple of months they are sticking to our beautiful hardwood chairs and the bottom is actually ripping off and attaching itself to the wood. I also ordered these 2x for 4 chairs total and the second shipment is more of a white/black combo while the first shipment was a black/off white combo.
The print was done very poorly, don't waste your money guys. I returned it right away, mad I bought it in the first place
After doing some research I found that this was everything I needed at a very reasonable price. But I guess that comes at a cost, as the box was damaged and the mirror inside was shattered. I had to pack it back up and return it. I am on sure if I will try again with this company
Poor quality prints.
I would give these less than 1 star if I was able! These are not 25 mm rounds! These are 18 mm rounds. The product description is not true and now I am 2 days behind again thanks to misleading amazon descriptions
When I opened the package it came in, it was broken. Very cheap
Got these for my 9year old's shoes. The rubber does not hold up! 4 straps broke within 2 weeks. Will not order again.
These are tiny. Smaller than my pink finger nail! Do NOT waste your money! Highly disappointed!!!
This thing won't stay on the wall. It only stays couple hours. So disappointed.
Asked for a two day shipping had it never reached and was shipped back and cancel due to wrong transition
I never received the order. I think there is some sort of mix up. I ordered a bambo tub caddy but the picture has a lady in front and not the caddy. Can you please send my order? I never received it.
The LED light did not work, out of the box. We returned it.
The pump did start to rust. I was told that you are not to put an anti-bacterial soap in a metal container. The majority of hand soaps available today are anti-bacterial. I wish that was mentioned in the description.
Crap. All 3 came fine and I handled with extra care because the glass IS VERY THIN. 2 broke in my hand and the 3rd cracked in the bottom. Don't waste your money!!!
Very unhappy very small doesnt hold alot cheapily made.
What a disappointment! These are not blackout curtains. False advertising. Requesting a return.
the tip is clogged no liquid will pass throught it
Items much too small to handle. Gave them away.
This clock lasted less then 3 months and then simply stopped working.
Recieved a blue color. Not turquoise. Very disappointed. This was the color I was most excited for.
I ordered the same replacement battery over a year ago when my Neato wouldn't hold the charge very long and wouldn't clean the whole house. It was like new after the replacement running 45 minutes before recharging. I reordered "same" batteries this week and put them in 2 days ago. It runs for 20 minutes and is worse than before about doing all rooms. Very, very disappointed.
I have a professional heat press and this vinyl did not stick to the shirt and ruined a $20 shirt I bought for it! I'm so disappointed! I want a refund!
This is not worth buying, The foot petal is very poor quality. I will be trying to return. Bought it for a 9 year old birthday present, we have tried to use for 4 months off and on and it does not work steady. If your child wants to sew just buy a full size machine and let them work on quality equipment, it will give better success! I am a professional seamstress and was hopeful but.....wanted something more lite weight, not worth it!!
Will hold on to a mirror or tile for a couple of hours but then it will fall off with any weight. The unit is not adjustable so there is no fixing it. The price would be great if the product worked at all.
YOU PAY FOR 4 PILLOWS AND THEY ONLY SHIP YOU ONE. THEN YOU GET A TOTAL RUN AROUND AND THEY WON'T SHIP THE OTHER 3 PILLOWS THAT YOU PAID FOR DON'T BUY FROM THIS VENDOR THEY MISREPRESENT IN THEIR LISTING AND THEN DO NOT SHIP WHAT YOU BOUGHT!
The water bottle started to leak after one week.
Instead of receiving the sweater stone I received Dritz woven elastic, and somehow the mistaken item is not eligible for a return. Very disappointed!
Rusted within a week all over my shower curtain :(
I did not like this product. This is not the siser brand as it claims. Product is poorly made and paper came with a dent right in the middle of line and started peeling when I unwrapped it.
Couldnt put together ! Mop head never fit right! Could not use!
Never received! Ordered on March 21st, 2019. Have never received. Contacted seller they say they sent out another set but have not received those either. Do not recommend these. Would give a negative star if they had it.
My daughter cried when these broke they were her favorite.
I got this to inflate a toddler bed on a camping trip. It never fully inflated the bed. Luckily our friends arrived later with one that actually worked but it was annoying to say the least.
It didn't cost much so I wasn't expecting top quality. I will give them to my young granddaughters for decorations
The quality of this particular piece was very poor.
This vacuum is terrible. Worst one we've ever owned. The bags fill up after one use so you have to constantly buy them. You have forcibly push the power button to get it to turn on or off, however the cord retraction button works if you just look at it. The vacuum will get a thermal shut off if you get animal hair caught in the wand, which is good to protect the vacuum but this is no where in the manual and the vacuum doesn't tell you. Miele site and support tell you to bring it I'm for servicing at one of their stores. However thanks to the internet if you clear the jam and wait a few hours it works. The thing maneuvers terribly, it won't move then smashes into everything when it does so if you have no furniture or painted base boards it's probably fine. I just carry it. The carpet attachment meant for furniture and stairs isn't powered so only use if you have a fresh bag since it works on suction. It is also not sealed so it jams with fur and you have to either buy a new one or disassemble and clean. Now the wand extension and retraction mechanism broke so I have to buy a new one or vacuum the house hunched over as it only stays at its smallest setting which is like 2 feet. We bought this on the recommendation of family and they felt so bad after they used it they offered to give us the money for it. The floor attachment has horrible suction and design, it pushes anything it finds rather than suck it up. You have to keep lifting it and placing it on top of where you want to vacuum to get it to suck up anything. I wouldn't recommend this model to anyone.
Half of the hangers ended up in the trash, as they were already falling apart right out of the package.
Did not sick smoke art all. Waste
Very disappointed - ordered these nearly five weeks ago and USPS is still waiting to get the package from the seller. I have received no apology, no notification, nothing. Will not be ordering from this seller again.
In a small bathroom (like most are) you can't even tell it's an elephant. I sent it back.
The worse candle wicks I've used they do not burn even. I can't express enough in how disappointed I am in these.
Purchased 4 of these now.they look good but they will not last! We got 4 months out of one and 5 out of another .of the 2 left 1 is brand new the other is 5 months ..the battery area although raised of base is not sealed we keep these very very clean yet they still fail.contacted company ..no reply
I purchased this particular handheld model to replace an older one purchased about a year and a half ago. Both my wife and I felt extremely optimistic given the high reviews. However, we are now promptly returning it and will buy from a different brand. First, the crevice tool was never included in the box. If the vacuum actually worked as described, this would not have been a huge issue. As you can probably already infer, the vacuum's functionality (in addition to the missing part) WAS a disappointment. After using it twice (both times fully charged), we realized that our old, much cheaper handheld still worked better. With the brush or extension tube attachment connected, it seemed essentially worthless with regard to suction. Further, even without an attachment, the vacuum literally had no true suction power. It struggled to pick up even the smallest and lightest weight particles on the floor, stairs, counter, etc. Again, given the positive reviews, we were very hopeful that it would be a great replacement. Unfortunately, it's boxed up and will be dropped off at UPS tomorrow.
Clock mechanism just didn't last. Ran fine for the first few months, but the past few weeks its been running slower and slower. Tried another new battery, so I know that's not it.
Zipper broke after a few washes
Stopped working the first day...
received with 2 of the frame glass broken... not happy
This set is not purple. It was brownish as if it was stored in the sunlight and rain.
It finally came after over 2-1/2 months, but it is not as described. It is a glass ball.
Just got it today and tried it out. It barely gets any fur out of the bed sheets. Tried it several times, and it might be faster to just pick the fur with your hands. And if you do get some fur our and try to clean it off with the case, you have to do it multiple times before it gets any fur out.
Am tried to use on my IPhone X to my Samsung 50” plasma. Good luck, it's cheap to buy for a reason.
Not very good, missing parts as well when it arrived. I had to return it.
Was not delivered although it says on Amazon it was. I tried to communicate with seller and have not heard back. Very disappointed. Glad I did not order the large amount I wanted so I am not out much. But very disappointed.
They don't keep these in stock. Takes months to receive order.
They rattle the handles dont appear to be attached well and I would not trust them with anyone who weighs more than 100 pounds. I fear a good push from someone larger would cause them to fail. I would have sent them back but the return window had expired before i was able to give them to a friend who i thought could use them....off to the trash they will go!
I'd give it zero stars if I could. This set was missing two of the dies. It is NOT 13; it's only 11 dies. It was the two I needed for the valentines card I was planning.
Right eye paint chipped off and scuff marks if missing pain in clown nose . Swing does not sit level and clowns shirt in the back shows mechanics underneath instead of hiding the device . Poorly made and looks like it was previously used or mishandled during packaging
When it worked it was good, but it stopped working after 1 week.
This product is the worst rack I have ever owned. It is flimsy and tips as soon as you try to look through clothes hanging on it. I bought it for a garage sale and unfortunately when I realized this the return window was closed.
Did not like the quality. Fabric was to thin.
Smells like an old sheep returned
I ordered this product. It looked like the package was never sealed so when it got delivered, the package was completely empty 😡
The image in the listing is misleading. The mirror that was sent to me was the one that looks like a sunflower (you can see the images of it if you scroll down the page under the listing). Also, two sunflower "petals" have poked the box and were sticking out, which can be dangerous to the person who handles the box. Poor packaging and misleading listing, buyer beware!
Useless. No place to put the batteries? No instructions. Wanted to return but lost packaging. Just so useless. 🙁
Its way too big, and didn't receive the refund even its says elegible for refund
The elegant box came damaged, corners chipped and glass cracked. Poor packaging. I had it shipped to my Miami carrier and then to Lima Peru. Unfortunately Shipping both boxes, I purchased two, will cost too much. Now top cover unaligned will not close. Too bad as it was supposed to be nice gift for Father's Day.
Ordered the 7 pack variety. Didnt get the blue pigment and that was the color I needed most.
They are bathroom bags at best. Not easy to pull apart from each other. Kind of no the small side. Just saying. My opinion.
This is a great product but this bottle arrived without a cap to close it after the seal is removed which makes it difficult to use. It would be better if there was a way for Amazon to send a cap to me rather than me sending the product back. I can find no way to communicate about this problem other than this.
AWFUL! DO NOT BUY! Fell apart in my hands the second time I used it, now my hands are full of bamboo splinters and cuts from the tiny inadequate staples used to barely hold this tray together.
The sheers are very thin which was fine. I wanted light to be diffused, not eliminated. At least two of them were shorter than they were supposed to be and we're hemmed unevenly. I will be returning them.
Will unravel with first machine washing, 100%. Comes with no special washing instructions.
The packing box was open and tissue dispenser was broken lid separated from hinges. It is nice looking but of no use with no lid. It required stronger hinges and assembly.
These work best on a stiff calf boot such as the quilted type. It's the only boot that held up. My other riding boots just fell over as if no insert was being used. I'll stick to something better than these. I wouldn't buy these if you are wanting a normal boot to stay up.
Couldn't even try it. Came crushed.
It came broke and a very bad package
The description says its silver and its not! It also has rough edges which can scratch you. Not good quality
Best for a kids gemstone hunt because kids will be the only ones that would find any use of these stones because the majority of them are cracked or have bad uneven facets. Not recommended for any kind of jewelry because it is very noticeable. Also, the seller should state that these stones are mostly damaged and not grade A quality.
Got delivered last year, so I kept the box sealed. When opened this year tree was green not white as ordered. Due to not opening the box right away, I had a very difficult time returning wrong item and getting a refund. Had to go out and buy another tree. Too much aggravation. Very bad experience.
I purchased this battery on Feb 15, 2019. On March 30 it would no longer charge.
It's nice just really really small.
When I opened the sheets, they were heavily stained. The stained area was darkened and the sheet material was hardened in that area.These stains were found on the fitted and flat sheets. I'm not sure what caused the stain, but I will unfortunately not be using these sheets.
Worked great first time. Battery died, I recharged it and it never worked again.
The components are not original OEM components, this seller is lying about being legitimate components. Photos to follow. The packaging and all are very good detailed and will lead you to believe these are authentic, however they are NOT Authentic parts. Trying to make the best of the situation and use the fake product, the filters, spinning broom fit, however the main broom does not fit the Roomba and makes inoperable.
Came in a sealed bag, however, one of the parts - the long hook - was missing, so it was impossible to actually hang it. Disappointed. Returned.
I received an empty shipping envelope. Had not been sealed. Have jumped thru hoops, but still has not been resolved. Very un happy. E
This is a super think shower curtain. We have been using it for a good two weeks now and it just feels invasive. We we open the curtain, it only opens 2/3 of the way because it is so think and stiff, it pushes back and bunches up. When it is closed, it stick out into the shower no matter what we do. We thought that after a few days it might loosen up but it has not gotten any better.
This product was defective the first order and they sent me a new one and it also fell apart
These measure over 16" which is not good when knitting a hat.
overtime it starts to shade coming apart man it was nice and comfy until this started happening.
could not inflate. I'm to old
Don't buy!!!!! Came in broken. Besides, installation instructions are impossible to figure out. Very disappointed.
Didn't realize these were plastic placemats or the fact that the picture when appeared would loose the color as shown
Got it up still doesn't work
Pillowcase arrived with spots all over it. I believe it's stray ink from the design being printed onto the case. But it looks awful, like dirt or mold. Did not come off when washed. Not worth it. Save your money.
One hangar has already broke, just from a pair of denim pants.
This thing is so flimsy when putting it together, the material pulls right out when screwing in the screws or the lock nuts. Also one the lock nuts was missing so was some screws for the hinges. This thing is going into the garbage. I don't like using drywall screws because sooner or later they pull out and the cabinet is on the floor or on your head. There should be a backing plate on top, so you can screw the cabinet to the studs. I tried to modify the cabinet by installing a backing plate, but the walls and the back just fell apart. This cabinet is not worth what I paid for, not even 25 cents. Okay maybe the screws and hinges. The wanna be wood it may have been wood at one time, but when you convert to paper, it is not worth a nickel.
Awful product. They don't transfer easily AT ALL.
I never received this product. They have me getting it March 18th and I'm still waiting.
This is the most slippery bath matt I have ever bought! Slick as soon as it get wet, and when I use body wash or shampoo my hair it becomes so slippery that I have to rinse the matt over and over to keep from sliding. The size is nice but the surface is dangers.
Returned this item. Did much research and was under impression it was a great heater. It just blew the cold air around, seriously made my space feel colder. I left it on over an hour and though I could feel the warmth if I would go very close, it definitely did not increase the temp in room. I had been using the Pelonis oil heater and will prob just stick with that.
Washed the sheet as soon as I got it and put it on the bed. Sheet tore after the first night of use. Only slept on it, nothing else.
Was the item supposed to be broken in 4 parts
I didn't get the multicolor blanket I thought I was getting.
Item was cracked when It was received. I would like to exchange this item. It was sent as a gift.
very cheap quality - do not purchase this!
All of the chemicals that came in this box are crusty and old and it ruined a print I was working on. Now I have to waste even more time with returning it in order to get my money back. Super irritating
I bought this bed for a spare bed in guest room. It does noy hold air! Every other day i have to start pump and fill it! I was not able to even let anyone sleep on it because they would end up on the floor. Not happy at all with this purchase!
I am not happy with this E-Cloth. I cannot seem to get the rotten mildew smell out of it. After each use I rinse it in very hot tap water and place it in a wire rack to dry and every single day that thing smells up my whole house. I can smell it right when I come in through the front door!
Terrible product thin flimsy and won't stay on the arms of my recliner DONT BUY THIS PRODUCT ITS WORTHLESS
We opened it up and the padding was so thin that it didn't make much of a difference. We put it on our Talalay mattress and there was not much difference. We could tell that in a month or so it would be pressed down and useless. We didn't even use it one night. We immediately boxed it up and sent it back for a refund about two days ago. Still waiting to see if the cost will be returned to our bank account.
This will fall apart... the upright poles/supports do not stay threaded and the whole thing (I have multiple) will list to the side and just be a wonky piece of crap. Spend the money the first time around and only cry once... I'm having to ditch these and buy another set of higher quality ones.
It only lasted 10 months and need to buy a new one
Junk..waste of money
I just received my tree bags in the mail this weekend. I was excited to finally put my tree away and use these brand new bags. I bought the 2 large storage tree bags to break down my 9' tree and separate it into two bags so there would be no capacity issue. The handles may be heavy duty reinforced, but the remaining stitching of the bag is worthless. My tree comes in 4 parts. I put the middle two sections in one bag, zippered the bag and the seam split. The bottom section (largest and heaviest part of the tree) and the very top of the tree (smallest part) fit nicely in one bag, however when I went to zipper it up, one of the zippers fell off. I was glad there was a zipper on the other end of the bag to close it properly. I was not very happy with the product and I specifically bought two so I would not have this seam rip issue. To have the zipper just fall of the end of the other bag without even trying to close it was very disappointing.
I GOT WHAT I PAID FOR IT'S ONLY WORTH A $1!
Poor quality can't put in drier have to lay flat
i have been using quick shine products purchased directly from company on my hardwood floors for years. this item damaged my floors and took off the finish. clearly since it was so cheap it was not an original quick shine product.
worked great the first few days, i like that it's portable. I stopped using it for a week and started using it again today...however now the mist coming out smells musty and moldy and there is not a way to open it up to clean it.
Turned within 2 weeks.
I loved this product so much but so disappointed that it stoped working after exactly one month. I liked it so much that I bought a couple of these as a gift. I hope that the seller is honest and contacts me.
I ordered 3 pairs of these curtains. Upon receipt, the color was too bright so I immediately repacked all three packaged sets in the same box and returned them. Weeks later I received an email stating that the seller had only received two sets. I explained that they must be wrong as I definitely returned all three. No response and They refused to refund my money.
Made in PRC ... they are not made here. As soon as I opened the box I saw that they are covered in scratches. I can't use these in my candles.
Fell off the wall 1st day...used the tape only...I don't want to drill holes for mounting!!!! Disappointed.
These do not work AT ALL; save your money unless you have cats. My cats love playing with them.
I just had this item replaced a second time due to the fact that the humidifier did not turn off when empty. I reviewed the instructions to ensure that I had positioned the float correctly. This is a big concern as we occupy this home only part time and do not feel comfortable having it run constantly when the water is empty ! I have had several humidifiers and never have had issues like this before.
ordered these sheets back in Oct. '18. finally got around to opening the package today when I really needed them. shipped two pocket 5x7 instead of one pocket 8x10 Label on package says 8x10. Guess order pullers don't or can't read
Disappointed. Thought the chemical smell would go away, but it still smells like moldy memory foam. I had to return it.
I bought this for a gift and when opened, the glass was broken and no usable. Very disappointed and embarrassed when my friend opened it up. this was not cheap either, so it should have been packaged better.
This was very uncomfortable to stand on if you use it in the shower like I did. I only used it 2 weeks and decided it was making my shower time uncomfortable.
I was so excited to get this but utterly disappointed when it didn't work. On a positive note. Amazon made the return and refund process very easy. I ended up buying one of these from Bed Bath & Beyond and I love it. Found that same brand on amazon and will be purchasing that one. I'd steer clear of this particular brand. The quality was very poor.
Too skinny to fit in any of our incense burners.
Don't waste your money on the suction cups. They're terrible. I had to tape the lights to the window sills
I purchased this product and when it arrived I only received I bird and the beak was broken off -Plus the size of the birds r not what i expected! I called amazon and they refunded my money & customer service told me to throw away broken bird. I now received an email stated to return or they would charge me again for said item!! what is that about ? also I actually found prettier birds with greenery at old time pottery for 99 cents a pc . don't waste ur money.
Quality is fine but color of the base fabric is awful! It has a huge green tint to it, not at all a typical burlap or linen color. Not sure what to do with it now because I will not be using it!
They started pilling after first night of using. Very disappointed and returned.
This was purchased as a gift. The first time the cutter was finally used was after any return period, and the extender measuring arm was glued at its base, so it could not be opened without breaking the connecting plastic. The cutter can no longer be used to make accurate measurements over the small size of the base piece. Very disappointed as this poor quality, especially from a Cricut product.
Bad buy not soft very hard seems to have hard styrofoam can not use
I didn't have a great experience with this alarm clock. The first one had one of the buttons that stopped working shortly after purchase, they immediately sent a replacement, but then that one came with certain buttons not working. So I returned it for a refund. My daughter liked it so she kept using it as a nightlight (the original one I purchased), not as an alarm which I intended, and even then it stopped working completely and would not charge by month 3-4. It ended up in the trash and we purchased a different one entirely.
I liked the product, but it snapped after being installed for a few hours ☹️.
Came to me wrapped up in a triangle and so many wrinkles in the poster, I'll never be able to get them out!!! Very disappointing!!
I can't address the specific product yet as I have not used it. What I want to address is delivery. This package was left in my mailbox, which I'm sure is against policy. It wasn't handed to an individual as logged on my account. If I hadn't been standing in my living room looking out the window, I wouldn't have known it was there until postal delivery tomorrow. This isn't the first time something like this has happened. Items have been left not only in the mailbox but also in the driveway under floodlights, on a stone retainer we have out by the street and also on a concrete wall in front of our house. I can see why people don't receive packages. Either the policy is to hand it off or leave by the door, not other scenarios I've described. I realize it's 19 steps up to my front door, they signed on for these conditions. Sorry to complain but I believe in being truthful and earning your pay. Thank you for listening. A disgruntled customer. I'm sure I'm not alone, but there isn't a forum to address a problem with delivery.
I was very disappointed in the earrings. They were supposed to be sterling silver but wasn't. They were also missing one of the backs.
Constantly ripped. Used as a prop in a haunted house and I had to replace them constantly. I would definitely buy fewer of higher-quality in the future, for any use - theatrical or professional.
Still have not received my order yet. Was supposed to be here a week ago and order just keeps saying on its way!
Keeps falling down, even with no curtain. Not sturdy at all, don't waste your money!
These were suppose to be luxury towels. Not only are they no longer soft after 1 wash, they are falling apart after washing 3 times
It worked great for a total maybe of 20 minutes, then the brushes stopped spinning. Useless.
Sad that the coat was ordered in September and it is now Nov and still no coat how sad
I did a pre-wash upon receiving these towels. I washed them by themselves on cold/delicate and dried on low heat. They shrank around the borders and there are loose strings all over the place on all 4 towels. These are worse than Walmart towels! I will be returning immediately. I bet most of these 5-star reviews were paid for. Shady company.
These are pretty to look at but after dispensing the soap the spout will drip several times on the counter and will even leak at various other times leaving a mess under the jar. Don't waste your money! Adding this photo a few months later after it fell apart!
this product is extremely low quality, tried to use it for the first and followed all the instruction written , this steamer works for exactly 2 mins only and stopped cant seem to know the issue if its a shortage or wat, anyways dont recommend this to anyone such a waste of money........
Beware!! The location of where the charger plugs into the fan to recharge is thin, weak plastic and it began to give way the first week. By the end of the second week I had to use tape to ensure the connection. The first day of the third week of use the charger had nothing to plug into that would hold it in place. Do NOT purchase this product.
After washing the color faded a lot! It is a very thin material. I purchased this product to use in a quilt. It is too thin to use without another material behind it. What I do like about this material... the print. Super cute. The big question, “Is it a good deal and worth the price?” Not at all! Don't let the picture fool you. My husband did a sort of silent bellow when he saw what I received knowing how much it cost. I purchased the red, gray, and black.
you may as well save your money and go to the local Dollar store. the quality of this product is the same as what you would purchase there. very disappointed. it looked cheap and not at all like the pic.
I was initially very excited to see this line of interesting mechanical toys. However, the product does not work at all. Once wound up it releases all its spring tension at once with no horizontal movement or 'pinch' movement as described, just a flurry of fast rotating legs for about 3 seconds and nothing more. Also, it was not until the package arrived that I saw the warning that this toy is not intended for anyone under 14. Since I had bought this for a much younger child it certainly would have been appropriate to reveal this in the site description.
This is the worst robot I have ever owned. Had a couple of other brands that work much better and more user friendly. The battery doesn't last as long as other brands. It gets stuck on floor changes. This robot can not place its self back on the base. With every use we have to physically pick it up and take it to it's docking station.
This chocolate tasted like it has been stored for quite some time. The taste is unpleasant and bitter. I like the idea of the board game, but having to throw the rest of my chocolate in the trash was a disappointment for both me and my kids.
Stopped working after little over two months.
Update: I've had this this for a few months now... total garbage. 1. it's a lint magnet 2. more importantly, as soon as anyone sits on it, even my dogs, it completely comes untucked from the sides & looks crumpled up. Maybe the worst purchase I've ever made at amazon.
I ordered a cigar box and this two package of humidor tubes. They were supposedly shipped together, but I only received the box. No tubes. I can't get anyone's attention to help with this issue.
Not worth the money very weak scent
They don't work. We ordered 4 bulbs. 2 didn't work at all. 1 worked intermittently. We will return these. The one bulb that worked looked cool, but we do not trust the product quality or reliability.
Purchased WHITE but received yellow cushion. And when I asked for exchange it said it cant be exchanged..
Put these on my pillows with little difficulty. With normal use on the couch, one zipper has already ripped 7 days later..... also looks cheap because the stripes don't line up at the seams.. would not recommend at all.
This was not delivered yesterday. Still waiting.
I've had a Roomba. It died after several years of hard use. It worked on hard flooring and rugs. This eufy RoboVac is a piece of crap. I'll be returning it. It does not work on floors with rugs even thin low ones. It gets stuck constantly and can't get itself out of it. After this experience I'll buy another Roomba.
We have three of these protectors and they have worked great for our little one who sometimes doesn't make it to the bathroom during the night... I posted this review since we just received our third and I finally took a closer look at the warranty procedure. It sounds like you are required to return the protector to the company in the HOPE that they will give you a refund/replacement on the protector. I paid more for these than some competitors since they make the warranty claim, but after reading the details of it I have some hesitation on buying another. I would give it 5 stars, but because of my understanding of the warranty I am giving it a 4. UPDATE: a year later and we just had pee soak right through to our mattress. Our 3 year old daughter apparently peed in our bed and laid in it for who knows how long. Upon removing the protector it is wet underneath. Very disappointed.
Quit after 6 months. Second sunbeam blanket to do so. My fault for buying a second one. Look elsewhere.
Bought two of these in different finishes. Horrible purchase. The photo is false advertising. The frame is super skinny and I would expect to pay anout $10 for it anywhere else. It does NOT LOOK LIKE THE PHOTO!
I received a broken ornament
Straight trash Looks nothing like the picture just a flat blanket
No wheels came with the storage unit.
It doesn't work. I put the softer in like I have before and every time I open the washer after washing the cloths its still closed with all the fabric softer in it. I have not had this problem with others I have used for may years before.
Looks nice but not a non-slides, it can stay in the same place if you even look at it.
I didn't even have this vacuum for 2 months and it broke!! I had my previous vacuum for about 15 years. I am so upset. I vacuum about once or twice a week and have two large hairy dogs but it's unacceptable to have it break so quickly. Buyer Beware!!
Poor quality fabric,very thin
Came very badly damaged: broken, bent, completely useless. Not to mention several days late.
I can't write a review because I didn't order this item. Since I didn't order this, I didn't even open the package since I didn't order it!
Maybe I might like this item if the company would stop sending me the WRONG thing. I was sent a clear glass vase, no mirror detail anywhere on it. I ordered another and sent the wrong one back. Today I get the new one and it is once again the same style wrong vase I got the last time. The items are packaged very well. It's a chore to unwrap and super disappointing after all that to find it isn't even the advertised item I purchased.
They only sent me the sheer curtains. I was supposed to receive the set of 4. Pointless. This is highly disappointing, as I needed to black out the room so my newborn can nap during the day. Sent them back.
After just a few uses I reached out to the seller hoping to swap one of my faulty mattresses (won't stay inflated overnight). They only have a 90 day warranty and denied a swap or return. Thumbs down for lousy service and product.
Did not receive what I ordered. Two wood boards were all that came.
This was a flop I put it in my gym and next day it was in a heap on the floor! Booo
If I had the room to spread it out I wouldn't have needed the hanger holder in the first place. Everything gets tangled. I'm throwing them away.
I really like the first pack I ordered so I ordered a second pack. What a joke. It was a completely different color so both packets are useless. Don't order these
Product came with a dent.. highly disappointed for the price..
Absolute piece of junk - came cracked - save your money - it is CHEAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sent back for refund.
The material it self was good quality unfortunately it was shipped folded and tightly stuffed into a soft envelope, due to this the material had permanant creases and some so bad the surface actually cracked. totally unusable had to return it.
Don't waist your money, this nail polish smells very strong you'll need a face safety mask, it has a thin layer of some kind of fuel like liquid and another very thin liquid with silver color, you would have to shake the bottle which, the size is like for a five yr old little girl. I polished my nails in the evening and when I got up in the morning, the nail polish was peeled right off the nails on most of my nails and i found the polish peel on my bed an on the floor. I DO NOT recommend it.
Got this product and it was flat and has stayed flat! Not at all what I was expecting! I have Fibromyalgia and have ordered many bedding products from Amazon; this one I felt needed a comment. I am very disappointed; falsely advertised!
All parts of product broken within a couple weeks- loved sheet but snap on sheet fell off and so cannot be connected- no wonder it's a month Return. Very bummed.
When I purchased this product a transfer page was suppose to come with it. It did not. The description has been changed.
the package was missing bolts and there were NO INSTRUCTIONS. Not obvious how to put it all together. Great idea, terrible execution. Don't buy it unless you are mechanically inclined.
Was ordered o. February 26 and hasn't arrived. So not able to comment on product
There was no indication of size of key. We were expecting a much larger key. These are tiny!
One candle did not work upon opening.
Don't do it, just don't. I didn't read any of the 1 star reviews and I should have. What the model is wearing and what I got are totally different.
The bamboo slats are put in in such a haphazard way that walking on them even in your socks the edges of the bamboo snag and pull up as shown in the photo. Also there were already chips in the bamboo coating. As you can see from the picture the border on the mat is not brown it is a strange pinky mauve color not so good. The quality of this mat is a very poor the stitching and the way that the border is put on is bumpy and not securely fastened. I would not recommend this mat
Came broken and I reached out,they didn't care. Didn't even try writing back at all.
Not good color so returned
The rubber is substandard and began to fray after a single use.
Way smaller than expected. Not very many bristles. I ended up using another broom for my costume. I tried to return this, but for some reason It was proving difficult to return. So I ended up keeping it and gave it to my kids to play with. It didn't last long...
When buying i had high hopes for this product and once it arrived i still did as it looked like it was alot. Then i took it out and realized how cheap and thin it was and would catch on and stick to the bottom and any shoe.
You know going in that two movie poster frames for under 30 bucks isn't going to be that great but these are bad. First off trying to line the frame up is ridiculous. They dont want to slide over the cardboard backing at all. Lets not even discuss the glare. You can see how bad in the photo. Deciding whether to return or not. Too much of a headache probably. Do yourself a favor and spend the extra money for a quality product.
Upon opening these pillows I really see or feel no difference between these and the cheap Mainstays (Walmart Brand) pillow you can buy for half the price. I haven't slept on these and am hoping they hold up better then the Walmart Brand of pillow does. I will update my review after they've had some sleep time!
Horrible quality, threw it in the trash immediately after smelling it. Thankfully, it was trash collection day so the awful smell wouldn't remain in my house. Save your money
It just turned off and totally stopped working one day. The one-year warranty had already expired so there's nothing I can do about it. I would not recommend buying this vacuum.
I was disappointed at the size of the item, Very small
Flawed parts and it fell apart in six months
This was a great xmas gift for my sister for a total of 4 days until it BROKE! My little sister who is a child could have severly hurt herself because of how it broke! I was very excited for her when I bought her this as a gift but after 4 days and 2 uses the power supply broke apart getting stuck in a power outlet, I am very disappointed. Luckily we were able to remove the broken plug from the wall without anyone getting injured.
This set does not come with a fitted sheet and is very cheaply made. It is supper thin and is extremely wrinkled when washed. The picture does look as clear in person as it does on the bedding but that is the only plus.
Not at all deep pockets.
I have had this fan for less than three weeks and it is already rattling and making a lot of noise. It was poorly manufactured because no fan should start rattling after only being used a handful of times.
Very flimsy - fell apart immediately.
Does not work good anymore
Worst fitting sheets I've ever purchased. No elastic to hold the sheets on. The corners come off every night! I bought these because they were an Amazon's best pick. Won't pay any attention to Amazon best picks again.
Dud not arrive. Canceled by the vendor.
I can't think of a good place to hang this type of rack. When not in use, instead of folding down, out of the way, it folds up, making it unusable on a door.
Not a pretty artificial tree. Very sparse. Will go to Sam's Club again for another tree.
Very poor quality. Both straps ripped off the bag when wearing it like a backpack. Furthermore, the cinch at the top does not stay closed. Do not buy unless you like your clean laundry spilling into the street.
it is crap. too scratchy
Found this product missleading. Thought it was framed. It was not clear that the product was just a flat poster.
This is black paper!!!! It does not say it is black paper anywhere in the information. Now I have to do a return. Very unhappy
I wanted to frame an art print, however the plexiglass that came with the frame had scratches all over it. Unusable for showcasing my art.
Would not stay on Windows 😑
Never received item. Seller never returned email. Do not purchase!
I would not suggest anyone who isn't already familiar with wall mounting buy this. The product is shipped with no installation instructions included, or at least mine wasn't. I was given two bags of screws and fasteners, but absolutely no direction as to which set to use, let alone which drill bits to drill the appropriately sized holes for the fasteners. I went to YouTube and found their "installation video" which was about 5 seconds of installation and 2 minutes of marketing promotion. Still no specific instructions on how to install with these fasteners. So now I've got a wall mount that wobbles and six big holes in my drywall that I'm going to have to fill and paint over. Total disappointment when all they had to do is include a little instruction.
I ordered from the seller because it said I would get it in a few days it's been over a month with no tracking number and no response from the seller very disappointed
One side quit working 5 weeks after I received it. Amazon will only take returns up to 4 weeks. Too expensive to not be able to swap. I received a defective product.
DO NOT buy!! Used for 3 months and ripping apart. Waste of $$
Poor quality. I received the bag and it had holes in it. It was returned.
The pictures product is not what was received. Packaging was different than pictured, there is no side strap as pictured. Product still has a very strong chemical smell after having been unpackaged for over a week. I wouldn't recommend for the price, nothing special, just a foam wedge
It's not what I expected. And the package was open and repacked like it was return at one time. But I brought it for my grandson camping we had to make it work because I had to time to reorder or send it back.
As flimsy as tissue paper. Skip these and buy something else.
I didn't receive what I ordered. I ordered Bernard Blanket Big Yarn and I received Bernat Blanket Yarn. They are two completely different types of yarn. The picture on Amazon clearly states something different then what I received. Very misleading.
I returned this one. This was sent to me with scratches all over it..
It was broken at the base when it arrived. Plus it is so small and made of plastic. It was a waste of money.
This unit wouldn't power on the second time I tried to use it. It worked great the first time, and I love the design (even though parts of it are difficult to reach for cleaning) but I've never had such a simple device fail to work on its second use. I've gone through the instruction manual and tried unplugging it, turning it off and on, moving the water reservoir around, etc. and accidentally got it to work for about three more minutes before it shut itself down again. It seems to be a short in the wiring which is seems like a real lack of quality for it to break so easily. I reached out to the manufacturer and they still haven't gotten back to me, so I'm also disappointed in their customer service. As cute as this unit is, I'd have to recommend going with a more durable humidifier.
I have five sets of these sheets in white for the beds in our bunk room. I was excited to get this gorgeous color for a queen guest bed. I am so disappointed the pillowcases lost color with the second washing! See photos.
I've just spent 15 minutes trying to separate the three hangers after removing cardboard, tape and cellophane. Life is too short. Buy single hanging clips instead.
These towels bleed the red color when used with isopropyl alcohol. My hand is covered in red dye and it's a pain to wash off. Now I'm stuck with these ink pads.
Within a very short period of time, it was covered with rust.
Item does not swivel like it says it's supposed to. Also, hurts my finger and a bit of use. You can't return it either.
Had a strong chemical smell. Had to take it out of the house, it was so bad. Smaller than expected. Too soft. Zipper across middle of the back of the pillow. I returned it.
Do not buy this. I learned when I took it to my local Electrolux dealer that the company sold the name. The name Electrolux doesn't mean the company I expected anymore. This vacuum broke in 5 months of purchase. I am trying to determine how to get it returned as it should be within warranty.
does anyone know how I can talk to a representative on Amazon. I need to talk, not communicate via any other means. I did not receive this item as stated. It was not in the box. I cannot find how I can get this resolved by talking to someone. Maybe leaving a one star rating will work,
Ugly and fake Topaz crystal pendant! So cheap made. Don't waste your money. So disappointed. It came from China. I will never buy anything from this seller again.
Flower looks good but the blinking light is a disaster...there is no way to adjust the light to stay lid
Just received this lamp. Turns on for 5 seconds then shuts off the plug in the base is coming out. 0 directions on how to switch modes. Overall very disappointing.
Received an empty bag
I ordered 3 of these bracelets but this was all green like another one I bought, disappointed it wasn't a variety like the picture.
These lights were not purple.
I just opened this sheet and it has a rip on the seam.
Would give it zero stars if possible. I am not sure what's "improved" about it - it is virtually useless as an olive oil sprayer. Also, the button is very shallow, which means it requires multiple pumps to get an adequate amount of spray dispensed. Very uncomfortable to use for that reason - hand gets tired quickly. Bottom line: DO NOT BUY if you are looking for an oil sprayer. Might be better with a thinner liquid like vinegar, but I wouldn't risk wasting money on it.
I hope I can come back and change this review. Great size and look...smells rotten/foul I'm washing it for the 3rd time now in hopes of ridding the smell. Smelled bad as soon as it was removed from plastic. Wish me luck. ****update: after 4 washes and hanging outside overnight and ONE more wash. The smell if almost nonexistent. It should be great in another day or so just air out ****
Complete piece of junk! Water GUSHED out of the chamber EVERY SINGLE TIME. There are holes at the bottom that are not sealed on the inside. No 1-800 number to call, nothing in the directions (at least, the English portion) about how to seal it up. Returning IMMEDIATELY.
much smaller than i originally expected; too small to be a throw blanket or comforter on a bed. Should be marketed more so as a picnic blanket based on the the. fabric is soft and cozy
Just doesn't work. Hair slides down the drain like normal
This item arrived and multiple shelves were bent making them unusable. It is not a quality product and it's not worth the money to disassemble what did work and box it and ship back. VERY disappointed. DO NOT BUY.
The transfer paper would not adhere to the decal. I won't be able to use this.
Well the liner on top to close it ripped from the seam in one day! It's cute, but now it's ripped! Not happy about that!
Wish I had tried it during the return window. Didn't have any sewing projects until tonight but this device is very poor quality. Instructions are terrible and I expected it to be bad on a low cost imported item like this. Tried sewing a small seam on a pair of pants and two different tries everything just came right out with a minimal pull. Definitely do not recommend this for anyone. I'll hand sew.
I ordered this product 5 weeks ago, and it still has yet to arrive.
I dont like how the blotches looked pressed on so hard looks like a 2 yr old did it! But far away it looks okay I guess.
This item arrived fine but is obviously used. There was a ton of corrosion in the battery compartment. It does not work.
I had great ideas for Christmas gifts for my family and friends. I am not a new crafter and have done a lot of projects with iron-on materials. This product takes the award for the worst thing I have ever tried to use. I spent an entire day trying to get at least one image to transfer. I followed the instructions to the letter without any success. Then I tried to adjust the timing up and down thinking there might be a “sweet spot” of time that would work. The images would not adhere to the cotton fabric, the backing shredded every single time. I tried to use light-colored and dark-colored shirts without success. I lost an entire day as well as the money that I paid for these. I wish 0 stars was an option.
Ink just poured out the tip on both pens. Can't return item either. Waste of money!
It quit pumping after 2 weeks. Now the pump runs but no soap with come out. I have purchased several of these in the past but this one did not last long at all.
Poor quality. The top is plastic and will break by pressing on it too hard. Music will not loop if it's not connected to the charger. I'm returning mines to get a better quality projector and music player. This one is too difficult
This item had a broken bow as soon as I opened it. Very disappointed.
I didn't even receive what I purchased. Was in the shape of a heart and has a big word on it. It also falls all the time in the shower. Not good
I bought 3 of these. 2 didn't work. I was able to return only one of them via Amazon and a working one was sent out, but of the 3, 1 didn't work. Also, it only works for 2 or 3 months, then stops unless you pay a subscription fee, and worst of all, the readings on both of them stopped being accurate about 2 months in. So it is good for about 2 months, 1/3rd of the time.
Wrong Item was shipped to me .. Hopefully I will get the right product with next order..Item is of course for bride and was very much desired. Please do not screw my next order up !
Very easy to install, but that was the only positive. The No Clog Sink Stopper easily clogged with any and everything that went down the drain, including soap and toothpaste. The stopper was next to impossible to clean and after three months of dealing with a ridiculously slow drain - for no reason - I switched back to a regular sink stopper. What a waste of time and money!
From the outside the lamp looks beautiful but the first bulb I tried flickered and then burned out about 5 seconds later. The second bulb works but even when turned all the way up on the dimmer hardly any light comes through the lamp. I bought it for the nursery but it doesn't even put off enough light to be worth while. It looks like a slightly glowing gray blob. After reading other reviews and seeing pictures I was sure this would put off plenty of light but I was wrong. I understand Each lamp is unique but this one is worthless. Waiting to hear back from the company in hopes I can change my review.
Not the right dimensions, shaped like a rectangle and wouldn't fit in the cover, which it was recommended for. How hard is it to meet the dimensions accurately??
These didn't work at all. I have to large dogs that she's all the time. There is never anything at all in this product.
If you want markers they may be very good. I do not use or like markers. I waited too long to open them to return them, but would be my choice.
This purse holder does a piss poor job of holding purses. I tried to hang my bags on it, but it is very small yet takes up a lot of space in the closet.
I purchased two cows and neither cow worked, major fail!
the remover only goes down the drain about 20cm and stuck there, then the handle simply doesn't turn, very difficult to use and the clog is not removed at all :(
Oh where do I start, this rack is not sturdy at all. Very light weight, it wabbles. Tipped forward with my boutique clothes costing me a couple of hundred dollars in damaged clothes. Not even ok to use at home, its an accident waiting to happen.
It never came, USPS doesnt show a package # with the sender assigned # was ever picked up..
Have not received item and now its too late and my son wont have them for prom.
I am so upset. I ordered this 2 days ago for part of a Mother's Day gift, and it was sent to me like this, empty! The label was also half torn off. I'm so disappointed!
It has been over 6 months and my house still hasn't sold
This is very thin plastic and it doesn't stick well. Not impressed. I could have used packing tape and it would probably work better.
Good for the first few uses, but now has lost its firmness and is almost useless. I've substituted a rolled up towel and it works better
Unfortunately, I never received my item. Via the tracking & order details, a damaged item was mailed out & Amazon took it upon themselves to send it back to the seller and request a different one (Thank you Amazon!). Then, I get an email this morning about being refunded for the item because the seller apparently can't deliver good quality goods. DO NOT BUY UNLESS YOU WANT TO BE DISAPPOINTED. I will be searching for the same item from a different seller.
Have to reset multiple times! The thing turns off on it's own during the night at times and the scheduling does not work. Fan is loud. And doesn't blow very hard even at max setting. Very disappointed. FYI- all those reviewers who gave this 5 stars received it for FREE! Look at the reviews of people who actually paid for it for an honest unbiased review. Unbiased reviews of free products are not feasible with high price items like Dyson products.
It gets a 1 star because when I opened it to get it ready for my sons party instead of giving me a 3 month I got two 4 month. Very disappointing
They are to large for the vacuum now I can't rerun them???
I ordered two boxes of theses and one of the boxes came and did not work.
This is very poor quality, already all broken and it was not over stuffed, strap broke off after first use, I don't recommend this at all
Do not buy... I bought this July 18, 2018 and it stopped working 15 days now and no one has responded to me about it. I turned it on no steam was coming from where it's supposed to, it was coming from the motor. I unplugged it took the bottle of and nasty white stuff start spitting out. I haven't tried it since
Very dissatisfied. I ordered this for my granddaughter because it was suppose to be prime. I ordered last week today is Monday and still haven't got it. I was suppose to get it saturday. Horrible. Never again.
What a I got was 2 white ones. I thought I was going to get the color showed In their picture (deep pink/orange). Disappointed, I am returning it.
I thought it might be too good to be true... It is. The filter doesn't fit right. The rollers just leave the hair in clumps on the floor. Only thing that seems to work is the spinning brush. Seriously, my Roomba worked better, way better, before I replaced the rollers.
These are horrific!!! They are sooo stale, they taste like old mothballs or something..they're honestly the grossest thing ever and I'm super disappointed
The water container is very small and mist performance is poor or nothing and can't even feel it. It's not the same as shown in pictures and felt not useful, not worth for the price.
Just doesn't work. Had another prior that's been fine, but this one will not for the life of me stay attached. Thought it might be me, then had a handy man friend try, then a plumber friend, then my DAD, who literally built his own house form the ground up (he and my granddad had an HVAC comp. for 55 years, but well-versed in old school everything fix it). Stinks, because way past return date.
This does not have a flat back as advertised and therefore unsuitable for many types of jewelry making.
There was hair in my kit when it came. Luckily I checked it over before giving it as a gift to my niece, because it was all over. Many of the crayons were also worn down, even though I bought a new one. Not worth your money.
This might have been a nice arrangement, but what I got was completely smashed! The seller just wrapped it in a dark plastic bag, taped it closed, and shipped it in a shipping bag. A box would have been better with some packing material so this would not have happened. It's ruined!!
Concerned about the recently exposed danger of excess ozone.....
I ordered 2 of these and they both lasted about a week before they quit. The company only replaced one of them because the other had been ordered more than 60 days prior.
Don't buy this vacuum. 1. The dust canister is extremely small and needs to be emptied constantly. 2. It is incredibly hard to get to the dust canister. You are essentially taking the whole vacuum apart every time you need to get to it. 3. It has started making a VERY high pitched "SCREAM" every time in use, even after taking the thing apart and going through every bit with a fine toothed comb, cleaning the filter letting it dry, cleaning it again. Reading over the reviews, this sounds like a common problem.
Don't waste your money. The inside shelving ripped as I was putting it together and then the outside cover tore at the corners. Plus shipping and handling amount was high considering size of box.
I was very excited to get this for my boyfriend and it was broken upon delivery. I'm hoping I can get a replacement before Christmas.
Garbage. Stopped working after a few weeks. Controller got really hot. How can amazon keep selling this dangerous item.
This did not turn out well, followed instructions exactly! Mold started drying before it was even mixed up, terribly disappointed and I already missed the return window! Would not buy again
Received this item on the 20th. First let me say that I use e6000 on a regular, open the item to use today and it was slightly dried out and wouldn't stick to anything.
was cheaply made and in my opinion misrepresented in the photo
Part that holds suction hose on vacuum arm broke. So now every time one pulls back on the vacuum the handle comes off
Picture completely misleading. Zipper broker before I got the tree in it .It is not hard or even firm sided as the picture shows.but more like a giant duffel bag that cant be zipped without the product failing.I'm surprised Amazon let this through
Just stopped working after abt a month....
Fiber board screw holes too big for given screws , missing parts and damaged parts so it can't even be assembled !!! DO NOT BUY!!!! Garbage!!!
It doesn't work it's just an oil a very sticky once that ruined my painting! Terrible if I could get a refund I would
The pictures that are shown make it look like the top is off white / light cream and the bottom is beige. However it just arrived and it is all the same color, beige. I will keep it because i don't want to go through the hassle of returning it but it is absolutely ridiculous that amazon is selling a product that is absolutely nothing the like pictures provided. Aside from that, the shower curtain is very very wrinkled. Terrible quality, looks incredibly cheap. DO NOT ORDER THIS PRODUCT.
One broke and scattered all over my floor. Now I can't buy just one.
Did not work right out of the box. Going to return it, just a big waste of time don't waste your money on this.
One part of sheet was lighter than rest of it.
Very desapointed ! Poor quality !!!
They are so light they blew away easy! Looked good when they were up but waste of money
Very disappointed in this item. Picture showed wood piece larger than what I received. Wood pieces are too small for my project.
Much more fragile than I anticipated. Had obviously been leaking for some time - I smelled the solution as soon as I opened the package (It smelled like VapoRub). And it wasn't shipping damage; it was a manufacturing flaw. There was a pinhole leak in the sealed end of the tube that, when I followed the included instructions to warm the tube to clear it, began streaming the toxic solution everywhere. VERY disappointed.
Piece of junk. I've used this for exactly one week. I've handwashed it carefully. It's made of thin plastic and the heat from my coffee made the decals/graphics come off. See pictures.
The vase is super cute, but it arrived broken.it was in bubble wrap, but in a bigger box with other items from my order, so I'm guessing, it might have jostled around a lot.
I utilized the “buy again” feature when purchasing these sheets. A few months ago I purchased sheets from this seller, they were high quality, 100 cotton, these new sheets are low budget, the seams of the pillows are both coming apart (before I put them in my pillow) and the fabric is a weird shiny cheap blend. Uncomfortable. Absolutely horrible.
Typically love this product but it dried up in the bottle before I could even use a quarter of it. Not sure why. Maybe a fluke from the factory.
The product is trash! It looks like a 1st graders project. I could've spent my money on lunch and been happier
This was terrible. Had it in the shower for a month. It was covered in black mold
Item never arrived. It was delivered to a random address in another state across the country and not to my address. Not sure how that happens! I was refunded, however.
the package says 8 parts included but there are only 7 The die for cutting the head is missing
The clock says "silent non-ticking" but ticks very loudly. Much louder than my old clock. I am a therapist and put this clock in my office and clients noticed it right away. Very distracting. Not happy with the false advertising.
I ordered a Duvet cover and I recieved a sheet set!! Really unsatisfied with my order.
This is crap. It's a plastic case. Poorly painted and the stand on the back is very flimsy.
I received this item barely one week ago and used it 3 times and it will no longer turn on at all. Very disappointed.
Arrived with a crack in the antlers. Broke immediately
Did not work as stated. Stayed within a small area and stopped completely when it hit a wall.
The tank gasket sucks it is useless after the 2nd use, will have to make my own for this to work flawless, the unit works great the basket sucks
I'd probably give it less, to be honest it wasn't a great experience paying for this product. It was never delivered to my home or if it was then it may have been the carrier whom might have messed up. Second it was pretty tedious to try to get a refund (have yet to revive refund of replacement). In any case you may receive a mask, you may not. If you feel like risking it go for it
The design is good, but the build is disappointing. I used these one time, and they are falling apart. The long handles are all detached and the mesh started detaching from the handle.
Cheap plastic design broke and snapped off in my shower head during what should have been a quick install. Out the money for the mirror and needed to buy a new shower head. From box to install to trash...total time the product stayed in one piece was 15 minutes.
I've received the wrong item twice now. Instead of aqua round globes I keep receiving blush “standard” shaped votives.
did not fit the model of vacuum that it advertised It was not as it was advertised and was a waste of my money. Item was too small for my vacuum cleaner and the ad said it would fit my model. I am very disappointed. I cannot use this at all.
Didn't work for our sink clog.
Look elsewhere, not worth the price. Very thin and faded material.
Never received any copper foil or answers to my questions.
At least burning your money is more fun to watch. These do absolutely nothing.
If I could give this zero stars I would. Ordered this item on amazon prime, and it never came. I called amazon and apparently it was “lost”.
Smells rotten. Not sure what happened, one of them seemed ok and the other is absolutely rancid and makes my apt smell terrible. Wish I could send it back.
I only got a partial order. I was suppose to get 20 and I only got 5.
Never received product
I really wanted to love these. I read all the reviews and was excited to get these at such a great price. I read the directions and followed them exactly and still the letters would not adhere to regular cotton t-shirts. I wasn't impressed.
While the pattern design of the comforter is adorable, the quality of the material is very cheap. After one washing, the batting is bunched up. The comforter will not lay flat. The bed skirt has holes in it. The sheets are very thin and poor quality.
Was excited when it arrived just to open the box and the entire mirror was shattered. Horrible packaging. I reached out to the email left in the box and no reply.
they are no different than the cheap folders kids take to school
Stopped working after 3 uses. I liked the light, size, shape, portability, sounds and waking up this way was amazing...until it completely stopped working after 3 uses. A little tricky to program, but once you've done it a couple times you get the hang of it. Returning. ETA: Replacement worked for about 2 months. Now it doesn't even show the time-just a blank screen with a battery light and it turns on in the middle of the night. So, I'm going to have to throw it away. DO NOT BUY. Spend the money on a name brand. This one is junk.
Bags did not work and rip very easily.
Very cheap looking. I could probably do better at the dollar store.
Read review and thought they were bigger. Lady said she used for making soap. So I thought I would too. But way too small.
Transfer tape did not stick to vinyl. Ended up throwing the entire roll out and purchasing the Cricut brand transfer tape, which easily adheres and can be used multiple times. Would not recommend Oracle brand transfer tape at all, though I prefer their vinyl over any other brand.
Nothing like pictured. Very thin planks and cheaply made.
Rust easily, break easily. Waste of money. Fortunately, they were cheap.
Do not buy they do not seal
I have tried several times to contact the vendor of these mirrors over the year that I have had them. No one ever gets back to me. They started warping soon after installation and kept getting worse. I purchased two and they both warped similarly so it's not a fluke. One just almost fell of the wall. I didn't return them early on because the size and weight are so daunting. The quality is otherwise very good so the warping is so disappointing.
I absolutely loved the design of this bedding when I purchased it. However, I've had the comforter for 6 months. It's completely worn down. Looks much older than it is. I've had cheaper yet better quality comforters last years compared to this!! Very disappointed with this purchase and the quality of the product
Very poor Stitching quality , the top sheet was darker than the bottom sheet.
After only 1 month if use, the seam on one of the gloves ripped and burned my finger when I was removing a searing cookie sheet. Buyer beware since the return policy on this product expired exactly 1 month from delivery. Disappointing product, to say the least.
Hi, did open the envelope, and it was empty. Please issue a refund. Thank you
Unfortunately I waited until the return period had expired to assemble this unit. Unit is very poorly made. Tack soldered tubes in the shelves were not aligned and would not slide over the rails. One of the tubes actually had a broken tack weld/solder. IF you buy this item assemble it ASAP within the return period so you can return it as you may have a similar experience.
Once again let down by ratings posted on a product. Fan speed alternates randomly, out of three speeds to select from only the highest speed worked, speed one and two sounds like a ratchet. Cooling effect is minimal. Just a regular fan at the same price point could do the same job.
Handle does not seat properly. Overall, rickety . Wheels held on by a cotter pin.
Cheap and doesn't work. Do not purchase. Seller is nice and easy to deal with. I do trust them.
I waited sometime to write this review and even initially recommended the item to my family member because I did like it. The issue I'm having is after 7 months it NO LONGER works and has started leaking from through the bottom and begins to mist as soon as i add water and the light stays on constantly. Loved it at first and now I'm extremely disappointed.
This product didn't last long at all, I purchased 6 of them and they have all already torn completely. They didn't stay put they slid from side to side
Can not give review, have not received product
I gave this as a gift and just saw it yesterday and my brother told me it never did anything but have cloudy water in the bowl
the lights went dimmer and dimmer over a few days until they burned out
Bottom row of hooks is completely unusable unless you want your mugs sitting on the counter. Even then it's really tough to get cups off upper racks of lower are full.
I'd give it zero stars if I could it tore up and is not sticking to the wall. I found it not 9 hours later with the tree pulled down and all stuck together at the bottom of wall. I wouldn't recommend this product at all. Terrible I don't know who keeps putting 4 star reviews on this it was junk
I ordered these back in March and they still have not arrived. Every tome it gets within a few days of the expected arrival, it alerts me that there is a delay. I tried to cancel the order almost immediately after I purchased them because I found a better deal but they didn't cancel then either. I wouldn't be so upset if the money for shipment and purchasing hadn't already been taken from my bank account. Very irritating
This is not the same beloved brush I've been using for years. This is utter garbage. The brush is much smaller than the original and literally smells like gasoline. The hairs just keep pouring out of it. This is my second order, thinking that maybe the first order of crappy brushes was a fluke... but alas, it is the same horrible quality.
I tried to order this product twice and both times I got a wrong item , casting resin instead of silicone. First time I decided to keep resin, second time got full refund. Amazon representative could not explain me why that happened . Finally I ordered silicone from somewhere else .
I checked very carefully, but my order didn't come with any catalyst. I notice now from the photo that it was also missing the plastic cover on top.
The eyes dont work! And the only reason we purchased this one.
I was under the impression these would prevent heat marks on wood, they do not. Do not set a plate of hot food down with only this placemat.
Horrible. Can't tell what side is the vinyl and which side is the transfer, once you do it's difficult to weed. And if you are successful at it it will take much much longer to transfer. More life 10 mins not 10-20 seconds.
This thing leaks badly!
Very small but that is my fault for not looking it over better
This item is hard as a rock and not comfy at all. We are ditching it in favor of something more pillow like.
I really didn't think a whole lot of this when it came. The reds are a rust color and the brown is as pictured. You cannot read what it says on it. The fabric is something that will get caught on jewelry or animal nails. I always buy expensive pillows. I thought this would be prettier. Not sure what I was thinking for the price. You get what you pay for. I quite honestly expected a pretty linen blend pillow with readable writing to cover a very expensive throw pillow for holiday use. I'm sending back if I have time or giving it away.
I'll update this review once the new one comes, but it just got here and Is completely shattered! I wasn't even able to take it out of the box 😭 It looks like it's packaged well, so I'm assuming it was shattered during transit. A new one is supposed to be sent next week and UPS is supposed to pick this one up tomorrow.
Beads were not as pictured.
Was a great weighted blanket and then just a few months into having the blanket we started finding a few beads whenever we would use it. We couldn't find a whole but a few uses later and we are getting covered in the beads every time we try to use the blanket! No comfort or relaxing when you are covered in tiny plastic beads!
The handle doesn't fit onto the duster.
I tried this product several times on some cloudy areas and it didn't work. Very disappointing as I had high hopes based on reviews.
fell right off my glass door
This is the most ridiculous sized pillow case. Could fit 1.5 pillows but too small for a body pillow.
Pretty garland but used it for one season (about 3 weeks) and the lights don't work now. Had them on maybe 8 hours a day at work, turned off at night. It's not the batteries, I tried 2 different sets of batteries and they still don't work. May keep them without using lights but it kind of irritates me to see them and remind me that it was such a poor product and waste of money.
Worked for two month, but warranty only one month.
NOT WHAT IS ADVERTISED. These are CHEAP plastic. Do not look like wax at all. Do not buy f you want decent quality led candles.
Bow was way crunched up
Can't believe this cheap piece of plastic carp costs $40. Complete rip off.
Adhesive was very weak compared to other washi tapes I have used. Ends would lift even after being securely placed.
Terrible, I only got one of six towels. RIP off
It arrived dirty and one in the pack instead of 2.
The first time I order is sending the wrong place, this time I receive a broken one. I am so upset about that
I ordered a 75 inch plant, and it is actually LESS THAN SIX FEET. Clearly a fraudulent sale. Apparently Bezos is spending too much time texting pics of his private parts to his mistress, instead of actually running his business.
I received a completely different product! Do not expect to get what is in the image. I am not able to return because there is no Option to..... Not first time this has happened... getting frustrated with AMAZON!
All 6 frames had cracked corners!! I loved so much else about them but if they are broken, what is the point?
This product never arrived
They had no smell at all it was like they were old. What a waste of money. Very dissatisfied
Very cheaply made. The bezel was scuffed and the numbers are printed on paper that's poorly glued on and curling up on the edges. Disappointing.
Not at all what I expected. Quite the opposite. After I finished laughing at it, I gave it to my 5 year old to use for dress up play. Completely disappointed.
Sent me a religious poster instead of what I paid for!
No idea how great this product is as I still have not received it 3 months later and they even said they would send it again. Will never purchase from them again! Also haven't gotten a refund. About to contact amazon about the vender.
Does not work well at all. Keeps freezing and leaking the water its supposed to collect
I would like my money back. This product does not fit on my kitchen doors. I have not been able to return it fir u have been sick. Thank you
Did not receive item. Not delivered!
I got one of these over a year ago and loved it so I bought one for my sister as a gift. She said the handle wouldn't fit and there was a piece broken. I'm concerned about getting a replacement.
I'm sorry I can't write a review for something I never received.
Not for precision work! A nail taped to a battery driven sex toy would work better than this!
Couldn't pull the drawers out far enough to grab anything without them falling out of place. Returned.
Arrived broken. Returning
Jump rings are especially small....i can't use them. And I'm exceptionally upset to learn that I'm stuck with this because the seller does not allow returns, bummer, will never buy from this seller again. Highly disappointed
It looks like a copy. Poor fabric and ink quality.
Terrible! Arrived dented and hard to put together! Spend more money and get something better!
photo looked like 12" x 12" storage drawers,and even my daughter checked the original listing, but now this one does not state size, bummed that they are not, nice cart, just not what I wanted
I counted these and there were only 72 of these. Poor quality control if they can't count correctly!
Tiny. Seriously almost impossible to tell Batman and Robin are even in the helicopter.
This was so sad it was a gift from my daughter to my son and when he opened it it was broken, I wanted to exchange for another one to make him happy but they didn't have any .... :-(
Very poor design. The end caps on the back rod doesn't fit. The instruction manual is not at all clear on what to do.
We cannot find any instructions on how to string it. It came the cord wrapped around it and not connected. Do you have a diagram to help us?
It is distorted and too big
It does not work well with thicker body lotions like Aveeno. You have to keep it filled or push the body lotion with your fingers to ensure contact with the balls. Basically you need to complete fill it and add more body lotion after every application. Not sure how is working so well for others.
Used it less than a month, broken already.
Came with worthless instructions. Basically pictures with arrows that don't tell you squat about which part is required for the step. The filter does not sit flat on the counter and CONSTANTLY wobbles. Cheaply made.
stopped working after one year.
I purchase a lot of family tree decals for resale and these are terrible, the worst I've purchased. They do not stick and I had to issue refunds to my customers, if only this supplier would do the same.
Waste of money I had to throw in the trash...I ordered to use for my wedding on the tables..They were all tangled together and they look like something kids would play with...
I was sent the wrong product. I was sent an artificial vibe instead. Poor Service all around.
Very poor quality control. Poor quality, no attention to detail. Pieces were warped, uneven, not fitting together properly. Should've spent the extra dollar or two and bought at Spencer's locally.
Very wobbly when mugs are on doesn't have enough strength to hold 3 mugs let alone 6 of them.
This item does not look anything as it does online. Thank god the seller was kind enough to accept my return and credit my account.
I have not received my correct order to this day (many weeks later). I ordered this frame in the natural wood color. I received it in black. I asked for an exchange, Amazon very kindly told me I could keep the frame and they'll also send me the right one immediate. The natural wood frame was reorder with no payment from me within moments! Awesome. 2 days later, oh no.. I get the black frame again!? I complain again asking for the natural wood color AGAIN, they tell me I need to return it to one of a ton of different location options, I don't even need to bring it in the box AND I don't need to print anything. Awesome, that's great. Unfortunately I forgot/was too busy to get this done and never returned it and never got what I ordered. This is the first time this has ever happened to me with Amazon (this is an actual Amazon product) and I order very frequently. They definitely made it as simple as possible for me and I still was unable to do it. I was also just so irritated that they got it wrong not once but TWICE. I really didn't have much hope in them getting it right on a THIRD TRY!? I mean, that's pretty ridiculous.
i never got the product it said it was left in my mailbox and i got nothing
When I opened the box I realized this product was cheaply made. The color was a bright green and the material was poor. I have had artificial trees for 40+ years. I've never seen one of this caliber. Closed the box and sent it back.
Product arrived with no directions, so needs to be setup with a visual eye. Pieces continued to fall off of wall after a few days. Look less like a Lotus flower day by day.
Terrible. They came wrapped tightly in plastic. As a result the leaves are extremely crumpled and bent. They look like they've been stepped on. Repeatedly. Also they stink. Literally they smell awful. I was going to separate the leaves and use them in some photography, but these are completely unusable.
Came damaged return in process getting a new one hopefully this one works 😬
after less than 1 year company quit supporting it (no longer get weather in smart phone) . stay away from acurite paid $220 for a useless paper weight! they want me to get the new upgrade alexa compatible. HELL no!!!
Submitted request to return for one that actually works, but I'm disappointed. This is brand new, never used, and I was testing with just water (as the manual instructs). The light turned on during testing, but nothing came out and the device made no noise. Speaking of the manual, the translation services are a bit ... lacking. I'll update my review, depending on how the company responds and whether or not they can send one that works soon.
I didn't receive all of my items that were supposed to be included I was missing the wooden display pedestal to hold my shell and sage stick .
Purchased 2 as a replacement charger for my Shark handheld vacuum (dust-buster style vac) and neither of them worked. CAVEAT EMPTOR (buyer beware)!!!
It was too metallic and shiny. Could barely see the beautiful colors when there is light. It looked more matte in the photos.
Awful construction, 4 pieces were broken when this arrived and while the company who manufactured this was extremely helpful and offered to send the pieces for free, it looked really cheap once set up and I returned it. Also much smaller than expected.
NOT TAPE, be careful!
I have bought this product in the past and I was happy, but this last time I am not. The sticks don't stay on.
A 8x10 piece of paper. My granddaughter wants it for Christmas. Could have at least put a pretty mat with it. Then I'd frame it. Not worth the $$
Well, the problem is... when I opened my mailbox, the Amazon mailer for the item was there, but the item was not. All I received was an empty envelope. So I went through the claims process with Amazon online, and they wouldn't replace the item unless I “ returned the defective item”. So they sent me a UPS code and I sent back an empty envelope. We will see how this plays out.
The writing was printed on the wrong side of the curtain. Therefore it's useless and my return window has already closed.
I usually buy the liner of a more expensive brand from Bed Bath and Beyond, but I decided to give this liner a try because it had such great reviews. I took 3 showers with it, insuring that the liner was flat against the wall to prevent water leaking and there were literal puddles all 3 times. It was so annoying to have to keep laundering my soaking wet bath mats and towels used to sop up the water. I even started to think that maybe it was a problem with my tub/shower! So I went and bought my usual brand again and no more leaking at all.
Several colors do not come out in sufficient quantity., barely coloring. Vey disappointed
When the product arrived all the bristles are smashed . Meaning that it difficult to use in right corners.
Was very poor quality. Item damage and smashed flat.
I just opened this and returned it immediately. Should've trusted my instincts and the other reviews on this one. Don't buy unless you want embarrassing garbage. The picture I'm sharing is the advertised piece on top with what was delivered on the bottom. As you can see, there's white paint mixed in with the blues in the middle, there's no balance at all of the blues (it's light blue over dark blue), the shading on the bark is all wrong. It's what you get for $100, I guess. Shame on me.
Ordered Air Wick scented oil plugins, received doggie poop bags. Amazon does not offer a return or exchange.
The sheet were very thin and when I opened the package the pillow case was ripped. It was a gift so I ended up sewing myself.
these have to be the worst incense I've ever had, the Dollar Tree ones are better, these incense do not stay lit, SERIOUSLY I have to light then 4-5 times every time I attempt to burn one, UGH.!!!
The ducks are too small to be safe for small children.
The fabric is cheap feeling, and even cheaper looking. Upon opening the package, I noticed several snags already in the fabric on the left rear side. This is a dollar store quality item priced at $30. I'll be returning it.
It is super loud and keeps stopping!!
Fade spots everywhere. I followed the exact washing instructions and after the first wash there are color fades on all the pieces. Returning. Choosing another company.
Very little fragrance. Disappointed.
We received the ornament as planned but when we opened the box it was filled with bugs, I am hoping we got them all. I do not know where it was sent from but I hope it is investigated
They seem like they would be good storage containers but I received two shipments and each one was damaged. I'm not sure if it's an issue with the product or with the handling but my first order came damaged and the replacement that was sent was damaged also so I just got a refund
I was so excited to get my product and when it arrived it was broken so I could not us the top! I had to return it!
Omg, there is no way this is sized for an adult!! It is so small I can't even get it over my legs and I'm a size 8. Super disappointed!
Does not hold the paper for very long and then you have to restick it with a glue stick.
I got the 6 glasses, yet not in the Duralex packaging I've received previously. Don't buy this product from this site. It's a good close replica. the height of the new glasses don't match the Duralex glasses I've had for a few years.
Cheap fell apart in one week super small
I bought this for my cricut press and it wasn't smooth. Messed up the vinyl
Worst thing I ever bought It wasn't even drinking
Does not work for bath bombs. My daughter bought this one and a metal ball mold. The metal ball worked perfectly so it wasn't the mixture.
Way more expensive than Walmart!
Doesnt reach far enough into the lint dryer
Broke in less than 22 months Annoying...
I ordered this on July 17 and still have not received it. I have contacted the seller for replacement/refund. The summer is now over but I still need it.
I was in love with this...and then I charged it the second time. Now it flashes after of few minutes of crocheting, refuses to turn on when it says it is charged and then turns on when I push the button five minutes later. Can someone please release the curse on this thing?
I couldn't get it put together so I threw the entire thing in the dumpster. The shelves were bent. The plastic pieces didn't fit together. This thing is junk to start with and then I couldn't get it assembled. I threw it away. Wasted money.
Very small and the bristles are extremely hard.
Bought this for my elderly mother for Christmas. Worked great at first but 3 months later it is at the startup screen and won't do anything else. Went to the website listed on the back and that doesn't exist. Buyer beware...this clock is crap. Expensive crap.
Wish I never bought this item. The instructions are not in English. The snaps are very poor quality, I absolutely would not recommend this item to anyone ever!
Ditto to the other reviews. Wish I had read prior. ZERO lights on this.
The description said 2pc do I was expecting 2 music boxes. I then went back to the item and they have changed the description and reduced the price to half. The sound is OK on the one I got. I bought these for my two nephews thinking I would get 2 so they wouldn't fight over them. I will not be buying from this seller again in the future.
I ordered this because I like the old mop better. This was not the mop pictured. So disappointed that I paid more money than I would have in the stores for the same mop!
Had for less than a month and the automatic lid doesn't work anymore. Pretty expensive and sorely disappointed
The first picture is what I bought, the second picture is what I received.
Never had a bad review about something I ordered from Amazon until now. First, of the 8 glass holders, 2 were broken. Glass slivers were all over the other remaining votive candles. Second, these were not a true red. I wanted something on my holiday table. These were more like a burnt orange color. The only good thing I can say is that they arrived quickly. However, I would strongly recommend you do not buy these!!!!
I'm not able to speak to the product because I ordered it 5 months ago and haven't received it. I finally requested a refund we ago and have heard nothing. Don't waste your time.
Haven't even used the vacuum yet, but you cannot ship the item without including a manual. Disappointed.
After I washed it a hole came in it . Poor quality
Didn't have all the parts!
These are NOTHING at ALL as described! I got 82 beads... not 100. The coloring is literally dark orange and a little bit of teal. Not at all what was shown in the pic I ordered!😖 I could have gotten 100 of these beads for .75 online through my dead distributor. Would like a refund.
I ordered rose gold stands and you shipped silver. I returned and requested a replacement which I got a couple of days later and it's the wrong color again, silver. What can I do to get the right color? Rose gold?
I don't leave reviews. But after this robot toppled down my massive staircase AGAIN I feel like I should. This vac does not work on carpeting of any kind, low pile or not. It does not even have a brush system on the bottom, simply a hole for dirt and dust to go in. The 2 bristles on the sides? Destroyed after FOUR uses. With only one backup set in the box. My entire house is hardwood except for 2 large thin low pile rugs which this thing doesn't even clean. And the intelligent "sensors" that prevent it from hitting walls is BS. It literally runs full speed into walls and then stumbles for a second once the bumper is hit, moves an inch to the side and runs into the wall again. Look at the pictures of paint scraping off, that was before the stair carnage. 1st time I used it the damn thing stayed under my kitchen table for 20+ minutes despite me pulling all the chairs out. The manual makes no sense and is written in gibberish. The dust bin is literally TOO BIG for it's suction power. After 2 90 minute runs only then is the dust bin over half full and it seems to only really pick up hair. I want a refund.
Defective item...... power supply is ok , tried to play but didn't work. No sound. Returned it same day but I got no refund yet.
This product doesn't work
This product is absolutely terrible! It broke the first time I used it! Over the past couple weeks I've loaded my dirty laundry in the item. It was full so I picked it up by the handles and in the next second both the handles snapped right off! The item was not excessively full or anything! Terrible product!
Well as you can see on the pictures! The vinyl came with bubbles, because they rolled it up so tight. I am very disappointed with my order and then I came here to see if I could write or call the place that sent it to me and there is no number or place to write I wasted one of the rolls and the work and time and it turns out like this? Wow terrible choice I guess I made. I haven't had a problem buying through amazon, which I have been with since 2007.
Did not receive what was advertised. Really small package. Would not buy again.
Used one time and it stopped working. Really bad product.
I bought this as a gift to my sister and I was sooo embarassed when I saw it. This duvet insert does not come with the anchors on the corners to tie it off. I didn't know that they made them this way. In my opinion this makes it utterly useless and a waste of money. To each their own?
Product broke after first use
Pliers broke with one use. Other jewelry pieces did not hold together well.
It will not stick to the mat. Even used a brand new mat!!! Not worth the hassle!
Ive Had this curtain 4months and there is mildew on the bottom . 2months in this mildew began to show up . Ran thru hot water wash with Tide and still the mildew is there .
You sent me the Virginia candle instead of the Minnesota candle like I ordered. Order was also three days late.
Do not buy this product first it come with no instructions which since we are familiar with this type of tool was not a huge problem but we used it once and now the tip we put in will not come out so the tool is now useless
Keeps rolling and leaving my door stuck!
It's a vacuum that doesn't vacuum. I need to follow this vacuum with vacuums less than a third of the price to actually get the job done. This is easily the worst purchase I've ever made in my entire life. Don't accept this vacuum if someone's giving it to you for free.
The pump for the soap dispenser doesn't work. I really wanted to like this product because it looks so cute in my bathroom.
Still waiting for my account to be credited back it was a wedding gift they never received it they had the wrong address on the registry and claiming they did received it!! If they did why would I buy another frame set and send it to them off amazon???? Hope they get this straighten out soon!!!!
Merchandise was shipped in large box with two large items that appear to have basically crushed the waste baskets.
Clock didnot keep the right time from the moment it was received. Junk.
I ordered the heart shaped Waterford ring holder for my friend's engagement party and was horrified when she opened it and it was the round ring holder. I sent the seller an email explaining the situation, but they never responded to me. I love Waterford and it is a great product, but when you send someone the wrong item, it should be rectified and not ignored.
Was supposed to be a gift. It still is not here. PLEASE find my package. Thanks....
I measured my air conditioner before ordering the cover and when it arrived it was smaller than described. My measurements were right and they advertised wrong measurements. Cannot use it.
I paid for this and never received it and it's not available for return or replace so I am stuck with a charge for something I never received.... not happy
This table protector is horrible. I can't even move the cover without causing a hole, then liquids leak through. I had my last cover for more than 5 years, I haven't even had this one 5 months. Never again!
Like the last two, it failed after 2nd or 3rd use! These little things just can't handle retracting all that cord. Just to weak!
This thing is as big as my hand not worth the money
absolutely horrible, beware of scammer, items never arrived and had to deal with amazon to get my money back. When I tried to email, it said seller left amazon platform. so upset i never got my items.
the ring is very large and the teeth actually twist down and it looks horrible.
The runner is very 'wavy" and does not lay flat on the table.
I ordered this thinking it would be big enough to fit around an average box. It barley fits a small box. Definitely would not recommend this product.
Stopped working after 2 months,
Maybe the rechargeable battery was bad? I powered the battery until the green light indicator went on but fan would not work. Green light indicator went off after short while so no charge held. Returned to Amzn for store credit.
The top of the bag ripped from the seam the first time we used it. Very disappointing.
This mug looks super cute in the pictures. I ordered one as a Christmas gift and the product arrived in a few days. After the gift was opened she tried it out by hand washing and then filling with Hot Chocolate. Nothing happened. No change in color at all occurred. I filled out a return and then ordered a replacement mug. Shipping was quick. The 2nd mug also does not change color at all. I even held it under hot running water. This product is faulty.
Brand new out of the box and does not cool
Horrible packaging. Globes came broken. Only 6 came NOT 6+2 according to listing. Very dissappointed
Arrived smashed and broken
I have tried making projects and this paper is just awful. Not good.
Very disappointed! Ordered White Cling Film for a work project but received Shrink film instead! I double checked my order and I actually ordered the correct item but I notice the UPC on the back of the package is incorrect so I'm sure that's where the error occurred. That doesn't help me complete my project that I needed done NOW though!
Pretty disappointed some of the pieces were bent and one of the middle metal pieces would not tighten so it was pretty wiggly. I would not recommend this product.I'd return it if that didn't mean taking it apart again.
It was ok to install. After I had it installed and plug it in, one section of the lights dont work! UGH! REMOTE is junky.
Total junk. Used these to attach lights to gutters.. within 2 months they began cracking and strands of lights fell down and the bad part is digging the broken pieces out of your gutters 10' off the ground.
It's flimsy and is highly susceptible to tearing.
I went to Party City to have them fill these balloon up with helium. Confetti was so heavy that the balloons never floated. There also very small.
This dehumidifier lasted exactly 1 year -- until June, 2018. The fan stopped running and the humidity was not removed from the room. I have replaced it but not with an Ivation product. Very disappointing. Expect better quality from Amazon.
Too firm. Worried it will damage suede.
Very poor quality. You get what you paid for it probably.... but guys... even the color stays on your hand from this piece of I don't know what.
Much smaller than expected! Very lightweight and not very powerful! Will not buy again!
Love the product but packing was awful. Top loose on one bottle so it leaked other bottle crushed at top so it is not usable. Very disappointed
followed instructions to a T, but did not stick
cheap aluminum junk.. broke three trying to get them installed and in the process enlarge the hole in the pants finally got it working by using a vice to gently press fit.
Doesn't weed well. Never buy this again!!
Never received my product
Some of the markers are dry & unusable!!! Disappointed
This mixer is overly powerful. I've only used the LOWEST SETTING. Trying to mix a batch of cookies or a cake is disastrous. It throws batter everywhere. My husband found frosting in my hair! Even on the lowest setting, I can beat eggs whites! You definitely need an apron with this mixer and a strong arm to keep it in the bowl. Way too much power!
Received with one of the corners of a drawer broken
This topper does not produce any cooling. I've had it two months now. I wake up several times a night and must change my pjs. One night I had to put a towel down! It's HOT. My second complaint is that it doesn't restore to normal size during the day. My topper has been permanently smooshed down. There's actually a ridge in the middle that doesn't go away. This is only the second month. When I first got this product I thought I'd found something special. My first two weeks were a dream. I've never slept better. Today it's going in the trash. On a good note. My dog loves it. He sleeps with me instead of others. He really stretches out on it.
The item magically stopped working after about 11 months. I contacted the vendor and attempted to file a warranty claim. To no avail, they did not get back with me.
Canvas came folded in small square. Still have not flattened all the fold lines. Should be shipped rolled not folded.
Do not buy this product! I went to use it for the first time today. As soon as I start to plunge, the top handle broke. It's not screwed on, it looks as though it was hot glued to the top. Good news, it did the job, but you had to get way too close to the water for comfort because of broken handle. Not satisfied at all.
Cheap piece of crap that would not retract after just one use. Worthless and now in the trash.
Thought it was good until I got a few feet into it and about 27” was unusable.
Fell apart after one use! Used two out of the three Called manufacturer
Ordered the cream color. I imagined something like the image, an off white or light tan. Something to compliment my spa blue sheets. What i got was faded yellow. If you aren't too worried about color than this duvet is for you!
Not worth it! Filled it with water, turned it on, watched the hot fountain of water spew. I thought it would stop, but it spewed water, not steam, until it was empty. Glad it is returnable, returning it for sure!
didn't suck out his snot like i was hoping :(. Using the nose Frida i am able to get his boogers out really quick but it can be exhausting (LOL) I was hoping the Nasal Aspirator would do the job but it just leaves his snot hanging.
There is absolutely NO scent to this candle when you light it. I even had my face a couple inches from the candle and my boyfriend and I both couldn't smell a thing. BEYOND DISAPPOINTED.
This product gets stuck 90% of the time from day one. Tried to change location of home base, move things around, etc. Then schedule stopped working, and motor sounds like it is bogging out and brushes won't turn. Only had it 2 and a half months. Can't get replacement. Neato says I can send it to a repair shop and it will be covered under warranty. After only 2 months, they should send me a new one. I've done the repair shop thing with and older Neato I had. Took forever and got it back with the problem still there. Never buy a Neato again.
Using a fairly standard home foundry setup and this crucible literally blew up after second use. I consider all this kind of stuff use at your own risk kind of things but be careful if you have this product, when it goes it kind of goes catastrophically and with some energy.
Easy to assemble but not sturdy. It was difficult to hang longer earrings on it. I returned the product and bought something I can mount to the wall.
Arrived bended and cracked. I'm very disappointed. There is no care when packing the merchandise.
If I could give it a zero, I would. It came in 50 plastic and wood pieces to assemble and was missing parts. What a box full of junk, made in China. Not usable.
if you like wasting money then by all means buy this.......... it didnt help my boots stand at all
They didn't even make it through shipment without breaking.
I ordered a 4 pack and only received 1 small pack.
Horrible looks cheap
Made for very little towels or very thin towels.picture is deceiving.
No mist comes out and it leaks water from the bottom. The worst product I purchased from Amazon ever!
2 showed up damaged.
The Bigfoot air freshener smell didn't last for more than a day. My husband was very disappointed. You would expect more for such a high price.
Rarely I have issues with an item that is fulfilled my Amazon. This brush came loose with no protection in a cardboard box. Due to this, it arrived with bristles bent and damaged. There wasn't even a packing slip. Very disappointing.
I love this pillow so when we bought a king size bed I wanted another one of these pillows in king size. Clearly this is NOT a king size pillow! So disappointed... Getting a refund!
The good news is it arrived on time - that's it. It came missing the swing portion of the lid and is sold by others for less than half what is charged here. Feel ripped off and now have to figure out how to return it. Very unhappy.
I've only have these sheets for two weeks and already the pilling is out of control. So disappointing because I love them at first. Such a great color and price and they were so warm and soft...for about a week. Major disappointment. Looks like the sheet hunt is back on.
It arrived broken. It wasn't even packed in a box, just a simple plastic shipping bag. I called Amazon's customer service and got a refund, but they cannot guarantee that I will receive the item in good condition if I re-order it. The vendor should be responsible for proper packaging when shipping fragile goods. I am still disappointed...
Don't bother trying these. They come loose, in a flimsy cardboard box, not even wrapped in plastic to protect them. They are obviously old and dried out, hardly make any smoke or aroma at all.
Couldn't even use it once, defective sadly.
Was broken when I open it...
Definitely not Siser brand!!!! Difficult to cut and almost impossible to weed. Did not apply correctly either. I use Siser almost every day and this is definitely not that quality. I'm very disappointed.
The product was high enough to fit over the drains but it has not strong sealing around the edges to keep the water in your tub or sink. It's a good idea but needs to be improved for its sealing ability. Also maybe the circumference made a little smaller.
Starfish are green not turquoise like pictured. Mine was also broken when I opened it. It's Very long!
This is a piece of junk!! The plastic connectors break when you attempt to put it together.
Don't even think of purchasing this piece of "stuff." Total waste of money. Spent time going thru replacing fuses and bulbs, nothing. It would be nice to think a person could get at least two seasons of use out of a lighted window decoration.
Poor quality as some of the metal bars arrived warped also the wheels do not work. Too big to try and return
Noticed it has big areas where air bubbles are across the whole canvas. The green arrow shows one of the bubbles which goes across the whole picture & the yellow shows how the drills are warped looking. Not happy with how it looks over the bubbles so I won't be finishing it.
Very bad. Poor Quality.
Do not waste your money, it does not stick to the wall, I have purchased several wall decals from other companies and they are still on the wall, these had fallen down before I could even get the next one up, terrible.
The product is attractive and pump action is good. Unfortunately my pump leaks. The enclosed instructions mentioned something about a gasket, but there was nothing else in the box. The dispenser looked fine to me so I filled it. It doesn't leak a lot - just enough to be annoying. I do like the stainless look of the pump top.
Never delivered! Two different delivery dates, never got here. I canceled the order after the second delivery did not show.
My children were highly allergic to the material ..had tp semd it back within 1 hour of opening box
WAY to small, very thin and uncomfortable.
DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER. Call and report them to Amazon. They are selling used items as new. Product came damaged, not in original packaging, and very clearly used.
Item took a very long time to ship and I ordered purple and receive gray. The price to ship it back cost about as much as I paid for the product. Would not buy from again
Never Delivered. Amazon delivered Sucks.
The case for this product arrived damaged. Therefore not worth the pride I paid for a collectors item.
I like this unit. It fits together well and is sturdy enough for its purpose. However, I had ordered two of them and the second package came without screws or the Allen wrench. I have emailed the company twice and they have not gotten back to me at all, so I'm unfortunately going to have to rate this product as only a "1" because of poor customer service. They could have at least acknowledged my request for the hardware to be sent, even if it takes a few days for them to ship it!
I thought this was a wooden frame based on the picture and the faint wood grain pattern on the egdes. The product discription has nothing listed for the material type (see picture included). Arrived with sticky substance on edges under the shrink wrap, though no price tags or stickers, so I dont know what the residue is from. Feels cheap and doesn't look good beside my existing wooden frames of similar style.
A coincidence? About 1 week after plugging these devices into outlets throughout our house, we experience a home-wide ant invasion. Little black ants emerged from under/over baseboards, faucets and faucet handles, and even a light-switch plate. In the end, we had to call in an exterminator. Did this product do any good in our home? No way scientifically to measure that. Did this product cause our ant invasion? No way scientifically to prove that. But we wish we had not plugged these devices into outlets in our home.
This product failed when using the heating feature. We are freezing! We depended upon this item to heat our home office space. We did not need the heat until after the return had expired. Very unhappy!
Just started using these, and even after switching the batteries, several won't light.
It rusted!! After only having it 1 year ! Disappointing.....
Totally different color blue than what's pictured. Can't vouch for quality because I didn't open once I saw the color
The lights have like a short in them. You have to wiggle the switch to get them to come on. NOT what I was expecting for sure. I had to return the item.
not as describe. it's bright yellow!
I installed this on a wall through a stud, with the attached hangers on the back of the mirror. It stayed on for a few months and then the hangers on the back ripped off! The mirror came crashing to the ground (thankfully my babies were not around), and now has a 2 foot huge crack in it, as well as no way to re-hang as the brackets have been ripped off the back. The holes and hangers in the stud in the wall are completely in tact. Very disappointed.
Came broken. Terrible packaging, wrapped in minimal bubble wrap and then thrown into a plastic amazon bag. Very disappointed after waiting so long for it to arrive.
I live in a rural area. I have been to 2 UPS offices. One of which was 40 miles away. Both offices were drop off and could not scan the code given by AMazon. This is a first. AMazon has always sent me a shipping label. Please direct this to the proper source. I'm disappointed, Amazon has always satisfied my needs. HELP!
Not like described. Does not drape over table such a disappointment.
I am so disappointed with this paper. I was happy to find an affordable roll so I can work larger but the quality of this paper is terrible! I might as well be using copier paper. It absorbed the pigment way too fast making it impossible to work wet on wet or blends. And just a soft pass of my brush made the paper fuss like rubbing a tissue. I have been working with watercolors for years. I will not recommend this paper roll. I wasted my money
We have received less numbers of tree leaves. My wife is not satisfied with the purchase.
alarm did not go off 3 days out of 5. am sending it back.
This magnet is not strong enough to hold a standard Christmas wreath up on a glass (storm) door. I left the magnets up without weight overnight and even then the wreath is too heavy. Even though it says it can hold 8 lbs (the wreath is less than that) it does not. Thank goodness for amazon's return policy. Very disappointed....
What I ordered was definitely not what I received. Even the picture looked different. I definitely will not send my business to these people anymore
Very flimsy. The port for the charger was already broken when it arrived! Didn't get a chance to actually try the product
This died in about 6months only used once a week. Really, wish i could return it. What a waste of my money.
This simply didn't work. No way. No how. Threw it away. Should not have bought it. This was meant to be a replacement for the one stolen by the neighborhood kids. Now I have a new weather station from another company and can buy replacement parts if necessary.
Product arrived damaged, bottom is not round.. they must put some heavy item on it
It did not work. Returned.
This product leaked and damaged my wood table.
Not a great purchase. Thought it would be good because of the blue numbers and the three different settings for the brightness, but that is not helpful when the display stops working shortly after it is received. It is now an expensive paperweight.
This product is not as described and will not allow for returns. Much smaller then the descriptions
The pale yellow face pictured is lovely, but the face of the clock we received is much darker than pictured! Could not read the time from more than 2 feet away, so we returned it!!
I bought a retirement frame they sent me a mom frame , i sent it back and since mid June and still no refund
Very good for wall decorations!!!
Product didn't survive not even one wash and was ripping at the seems
Not good for dogs who have double coats. Not a sturdy products.
It's better without the water.
These are not concentrated. I used the entire bottle and it showed very little color.
Very poor quality, not as pictured at all, looks like a dead rat.....
Item arrived on time , quality of item is fine , except there was a finding of two threaded needles still on item . Very dangerous and unsettling
We are overall disappointed in this product. It is louder than we thought it would be (at least as loud if not more-so than the window air conditioning unit we replaced). The exhaust tube is also very thick (about 8 inches in diameter) and is a real eye soar (its probably why the product is not pictured with the exhaust tube). Finally, there is a drip tube to collect water moisture, but if you live in a humid place like us, it will produce about a gallon of water every 2 hours - which means you constantly have to worry about it and frequently check to make sure it is not leaking water all over your floor. The display and some of the features are nice, but overall doesnt compensate for the problems.
It does not stay in place... it is slippery and slides all over and pushes to the back after you sit down a couple times. It would be better if it was made with non slip material.
Do not order this they will take your money and you will never receive your merchandise. I ordered this in Feb 2017 and status shows shipped but I still haven't received it.
This product is not at all what they say it is the product was suppose to be mixed with the LIT Glow paint and water. Well it wouldn't blend together at all I tried to do it 3 times going to exact directions it always came out like the texture of puke! That is what the product turned out to be puke! I'm beyond angry not being ripped off so much but my time was wasted that's far more of a crime than anything else. So if you have the time to waste and you love working with puke then this is the company you should buy from it's been a miserable experience....
Dreamcatcher Stash Box is what I ordered but what I got was a box with a tree on it
Came completely flat and never regained shape. Total waste of money.
The double sided tape does NOT WORK. Just an hour on the wall and it will not stick. Ridiculous.
It looks crappy. PERIOD. NOTHING LIKE THE PICTURE, but since I'm past my return date I can't return it. IT'S CRAPPY!
I had this for about a week and was super excited. Then, 5 days into it, I filled it and set it on the table and when I went to plug it in noticed RUST in the port. I plugged it in anyway and the unit would not work. The water vapor that it produces had destroyed the mechanics of the product.
I thought this would have a nice citrus scent for my office instead I became overpowered with something that can only be explained as old lady drugstore perfume that left a taste in my mouth as if I were drinking it. I am sure it has attached itself to me and I cannot wait to get home to take a shower. I gave it a one star for packaging.
Very very disappointing. This sage did not burn at all. Worst sage ever bought.
No noticeable change in bathroom mildew smell..
This clothesline is super flimsy. Installed it and secured the line and after hanging a few articles of wet clothes on it, it was half way touching the floor. I've seen better products than this. This one is not worth the hassle.
This product just straight up does not work. I added this to boost the Bissell 2x pet stain & odor formula. Like a mentioned in my review of that product, unless my 3 month old pup has super enhanced super powerful urine, these products do not work. I used a black light to discover my sneaky pup's hidden urine spots and after 2/3 treatments using these products, the spots are still there and still are very noticeable under the black light.
beware very small!!!
Seems to be a repeat issue with all of these lights that eventually the remote will not allow you to select the colors you won't. And you no apparent reason. Last time it was the remote box smh.
Wrong size! I bought a 5x7 and a 3x5 was sent. Extremely disappointed!
This laser engraver is hard to use, the software that it comes with is very slow and hard to use. It is quite confusing, and the website for the guide keeps going to other languages. The result, as in my picture, looks horrible and uneven. It is nothing more than a toy that shows you how laser engraving works. No going to do much in real life. Plus the whole thing looks to be a prototype and not an actual product. I will be returning it.
Much much smaller than what the picture shows.
These sheets seemed nice at first but the material snags on everything. It's really uncomfortable on your skin/feet!
Plastic base, not brass-plated metal... So they are very light-weight, and fall-over easily.
I was only able to use it once on a trip & the zipper broke. It's not expensive, but was disappointed that it would break so easily.
The tape measure starts at 3
Very lousy design!! Last less than a month and are not cheap to replace it every three to four weeks.
This product os the worst, it doesn't keep the food warm as long as it says it does. I hand washed and after washing twice it was already falling apart. Very cheap not worth at all what I paid. This is dollar store material!
They are really poor quality and hangers fall off when hanging vertical. I have ordered other brands previously that are much better quality!
Would have given a better review, but package came without two hook parts that are needed for assembly.
This is not for letter size. Website advertisement is incorrect. I am returning this.
The product came just as is, not inside another box. The box was damaged during shipping and in turn some of the pieces got broken.
smells great - I finally lit the candle and it does not burn... what an EXPENSIVE disappointment!
I ordered an 11.5 by 8 - and I was sent an 8.5 by 6
It's a nice clock — but sent it in aqua.
The colors on picture are not like the color I received. You should specify your colors.
So disappointed! I have only used this twice and the motor for the blower seem s to have burned out.
I was VERY disappointed to say the least!! I purchased thinking this was going to be thick and fluffy and it is thin as paper even after washing and drying. The material is nice and soft but the product was nothing like I had expected in which was shown in the picture. Pure disappointment..
I ordered this glue in April. Finally decided to use this to do nail foils. Rip off the foil cover from the bottle and come to find out the bottle is COMPLETELY DRIED OUT. I thought maybe it was just the top and there was usable glue underneath a top layer, but no luck.
Do not purchase this. I was so excited to get it but all bulbs where broken
Product worked for only 20 seconds then stopped! Horrible and disappointing!
Like many others, mine came missing half the pieces. This is a useless product and a waste of my time. Do NOT buy and Amazon should be ashamed of their lack of quality control. You have over 40 verified costumers who wrote this same exact review, either fix the issue or stop selling it. Shameful and borderline fraudulent.
I had thoroughly researched the best kind of travel pillow for a stomach sleeper, and this pillow seemed like the best fit. I used it on my 11 hour economy flight to Europe, but it did not function as I had hoped. Either way I turned my neck when laying forward would strain it and it was very uncomfortable. The best compromise was deflating it halfway and trying to use it like a regular pillow leaning on the window. Honestly it was just too bulky and just not what I had hoped, but I suppose for $15 it was worth the risk. Back to mini sized pillows from now on...
While they look lovely, within 2 weeks of owning them, 2 of the zippers broke. I will be returning.
Only recived one and they put a wrong curtain in its place would not order again
Vacuum cleaners are supposed to last years. I took a chance to buy this as a refurbished unit. It lasted just over a year. VM Innovations said sorry to hear that. Save you self the time and aggravation. do not buy refurbished from this company.
5 packs ordered.... (total of 25 needles) only one received. Based on the cost, each needle cost $5.00. What??
When I bought it I didn't know how to return it sorry about that it wasn't good
I am very disappointed that this arrived in a box that was literally open. The tape was across the box but the one side was completely open. This isn't what I usually get from Amazon Prime. :( Renee
I just received these pillowcases and it looks used and is stained. Really disappointed and grossed out. Also not at all like the color in the picture, was supposed to be turquoise.
first of all I didn't even get the right product .. it was supposed to say " family is everything" and I got "enjoy the little things" .. second it was so hard to put up you have to use a card or some kind of hard surface to scrape the decal to make it stick to the wall.. it's horrible
The product is good except that it stopped working within 2 months. I did follow everything on the user's manual and diluted the hand soap with water to the ratio required.
This weather station does not work correctly. The sensor reads ok for two days, then stops reading. Replace the batteries, & it does the same thing. Move the sensor to a different location, does the same. Have had other Lacrosse weather stations work fine, but not this one
Tried it several times after using acrylic paint. It left a film and white streaks on the painted item. I've never had that happen with other brands. Unfortunately I didn't use it right away and the return window is closed...the worst purchase I have ever made on Amazon. I am more than disappointed.
Ridiculously small and cheap looking.
What boat or RV would have 6 foot aisle ways to install this in ? How would you ever meet the 3 foot requirement in an RV or a boat the thing it was designed for !
It was missing the remote sensor for the second time! I want the clock, but I want it with the outside thermometer-sensor. Send both boxes! The sensor is not in the clock box.
These are absolute CRAP. Even after removing the burr from the point they would still not go through linen without bending. I have never seen safety pins do this. We find that we are outside the "return window" because we bought them for a project and did not start it until today.
I never received this item (Air Filters) that was needed for our air purifier. What arrived in the package was a Auto Transmission book. Do not order these filters, appears to be a scam. I am sending back the book to Amazon.
Not as advertised. I received a different item then shown & described. Seller does not accept returns but Amazon customer service was wonderful and fixed my issue right away!
This does the bare minimum I guess that is the reason it is comfortable. Boning is way too flexible.
Can't use. Holes don't line up. Not by a long shot. I'm going to see if I have a drill bit that can fix this problem, but it shouldn't have made it out of the factory in this condition.
Would not stick to tile when it got wet
This is my second order from the same listing i did not like this at all, the first one was has strong magnet but this one is crappy
donot waste money. Does not work. should have believed other reviews.
Paper. Not even framed. $13 for paper. I will be returning immediately
Just didn't like the scent. Too much underlying urine smell. I threw it away.
After 1 time in the wash almost every single Pom Pom ball came off and it also sheds and endless amount of white fuzz! Would NOT recommend whatsoever.
All the pillows came with holes in them
I just received this in the mail without ordering it. I did order some last year and that was it. So why am I getting this and being charged for it. This is a crime.
Horrible. I never received anything . Still waiting !!
It is very cheap. My son touches it and it falls over
I am returning this because it arrived with a big dent, but it was also nearly impossible to get it extended. One of the end pieces was also popped off when it arrived. The finish was not impressive, looked rather cheap. Buyer beware!
NEVER EVER ORDER THIS ITEM FROM THIS COMPANY. Received mural and it was ripped in half packaged and shipped that way. I'm very sad about this because, it wasn't for me it was for my boss at work.
I got the wrong size!
It is extremely small and ineffective. More like a humidifier.
Not worth it. Hot air is warm air
Never received my order. I emailed the seller but haven't heard back. Very disappointed. Stay away from this shop
This arrived dry and useless. Bummer.
Cheap, thin, small. Save your money these are worth about a $1 a piece. The pictures make these look a lot nicer, bigger, and much thicker than they are. Came smashed up in a small bag from China. I buy a ton from amazon, but hardly write reviews, these were so crappy, that I put the effort to write this.
Too late to send back and it stopped working 4 months after the start of use
Never got my product and I emailed twice with no response. So I paid for something I never received. I would have left no stars if it would let me. Very disappointed in amazon too since they allow them to sale on here.
Didn't work after first use.
This is a beautiful tin but it melts to outdoor temps. I opened the tin to burn the candle and it was liquid and spilled all over me and my outdoor chair.
I liked the design BUT DID NOT LIKE THAT SOME PIECES KEEP FALLING OFF as if the glue it comes with it's not strong enough.
I was so excited about getting my citrine crystals. When I opened the bag they were coated in an oil that smelled like kerosene. When I washed them I realized that they were dyed the color of citrine but may or may not be that. I will never order from this company again.
This product was absolutely amazing....until we washed it. Which, of course is something we had to do since the dogs lay on it daily. We followed the washing instructions per the label and only air dried it. The backing started to fall off and literally left white dots of rubber non slip material ALL over the house-including the inside of the washing machine. This product is basically of no use to us now due to the material that spreads all over the house-which the dogs could potentially eat. I am so disappointed after spending over $50 to have a giant blanket we can longer use.
Activator and glue did not work. Old product or defective. Slime was rubbery and bunched up. This is not slime.
Not sturdy and it has to be screwed
Too small and too heavy.
This pillow was not comfortable at all. It dosent matter how much stuff you take out of it. And it does not keep you cool. My zipper dont even stay zipped. Getting ready to return it!
Do not buy! We have used this for only a month and it is already showing signs of wear. We always leave it in place and it does not receive direct water spray but yet shows signs of rust.
It doesn't open like it should :( so I dnt use it
These didn't fit the plates, even though our plates were right in the middle of the sizes mentioned in the description. They would just fall off. Also there were no directions and I couldn't figure out how to mount them. Do you need another piece of hardware, like nails? I couldn't tell.
Looks cheap and plastic. Not happy.
Used it for 2 months and it has flattened. Doesn't last long.
Cheap, not worth the money and looks nothing like picture.
Terrible product, hard to weed and does not stick well. Dont waste your time and money.
It doesn't stay there for long !!!
I ordered a king and it's too small! I came as a queen size I need to return
Did not receive the six colors listed, and pictured, in the description. I received five of the six but instead of the pearlescent white, which I really needed, I got Metallic Russet and this is the reason for my one star rating. The product itself I haven't used yet.
1st time I used it was great, next time spit all over my new curtains even though I made sure not to have water full.
Ordered this frame, the wood was nice but I was expecting glass not acrylic. I did not notice the fine print that says only frames smaller than 12x18 are glass. The acrylic was already scratched coming out of the box, I would not recommend this frame, spend a little extra and get one a little nicer.
Not the same green as the picture.
I ordered this as a gift for my dad. Normally I don't write reviews but this pillow is not what I thought he would be getting. Got the pillow and it is the worst pillow I have ever seen. Very small and no body to it at all.
I did not fit. Would love to return it
These are super small and do not fit normal kitchen sized trash cans.
It feels rather awkward to use first of all. Since the cleaning head is at a fixed angle it's hard to get into all the spaces that need to be cleaned. I tried all 3 brushes and the last one won't come off without serious effort. I have arthritis is my hands so I'm sure it would come off easily for someone else. I wouldn't recommend this for a person with arthritis
Don't buy this cheap piece of plastic. I put surfboard resin in a bucket for it to dispense which is thicker than honey and it broke after 4 days of no drips. Just lost about 120 dollars in resin after it leaked last night so don't buy this cheap ass product.
The bags are large, though the picture make me think they were small and easy to tuck away. The bag falls off the hanger that comes with. Doesn't seem to make a difference in capturing odors. Will be returning.
I've bought a lot of Palo Santo. This is not Palo Santo. Some dry wood for kindling. But I'm very disappointed. And, for some reason, it's non returnable.
I wish there was a sub-zero rating
Never received my order we never attempt to make a purchase again, they claim it got lost in mail, how the hell is that, I was really counting on this item for my baby
Very poor quality...
It's flimsy and magnets don't work to keep doors closed. Also, all parts not in box. Was only enough for 14 cubes
I have not put this together yet. This came with no screws to put it together with. I am in search of screws to put my shelf's together.
For back pain. Too small, too expensive. Uncomfortable.
I don't recommend this to anyone! It is a struggle to put together. The fabric you put on the poles pulls too tight so that when you try to line the poles up you have to fight with it to make it fit then the fabric rips! Do not sit flat. Not worth the money!
This product doesn't fill in the scratches. Just makes the floor shiny. So if you think it will cover up the dog nail marks it doesn't.
They immediately ripped!! The pillow insert was made way too small for the recommend size. The fabric is very uncomfortable to lay on and they are not durable at all. Save your money and buy something that will last
Very uncomfortable on the feet, and after one month there was mildew growing. I through it in the washing machine and it didn't come out clean. It got thrown out. Bought two in different colors. The beige one did really poorly with mildew.
Was disappointed only 2 colors (pens) had good pigment and worked. The rest where not very visible, I'm not sure if set was dried out.
Broke the first week I purchased it.
It looked great out of the bag, but after one use the bristles collapse. It looks like I had it for years. And you can't get a refund from this useless product.
Dispensed excessively even after adjusting. Only lasted a couple of months.
The button at the top of the battery is shorter than the original that was supplied by Dyson. When the trigger is pulled it does not make sufficient contact and causes the machine to run and stop during use.
These are not the thick ones :/
It's supposed to store incense sticks inside but it's way too short. Looks pretty on a shelf though
Wrong cable was sent. I have a Coolpix l120 and the connector on this cord is way too big. Certainly not the one in the picture.
Took a chance based on price. Was very disappointed with finished product. Colors were very dark on average. Blues are not blue at all but black and various forms of industrial grays. Skin tones turned out more gray and almost ghost like than natural tones. I think this would have turned out only slightly better if it wasn't a full drill design. Wasnt expensive but still think it was a waste of money. Sorry but not a winner for diamond crafters.
VERY VERY DISAPPOINTED ! Broken part and I don't want to waste my time on returning the products.
This thing rusted within a month of using it for hand soap. Complete garbage.
We had this for less than a year until I realized my back was hurting from sleeping on this topper. There's an indentation from where we sleep. I have had other toppers before, this was the worse and did not last more than a few months. Just purchased the Tempur-Pedic to replace this, hope it relives my backache.
I would like to buy the sheet set made with cotton, this is not, so I return it.
Balls and mounds of lint everywhere. Covered my sheets, my clothing and after three wash and dry cycles it was worse than ever. Very soft but just made too big a mess.
Made to sell in China. Package all in chinese print
Wouldn't recommend at all. Product came with damaged glass, the frame itself looks very cheap and you can tell it's not great quality. Also, the picture is very misleading, there are no separators to create the collage look, it's only a piece of paper.
The material feels nice, but as soon as I opened and started to unfold the package, the bedskirt had a stain on it that looked like a make up stain. Sending it back, but will reorder another one to see if it comes in better conditions.
I purchased this fan because it had such great reviews at the time. It seems the most recent reviews are not good. If it only had 3 stars when I purchased it, I would have not given it a second look. When the fan is on - doesn't matter the speed, the blowing air is intermittent. I can sit here and every few minutes the air blowing goes from nice and refreshing to no air at all, even though the fan is on. Find another fan.
They were dropped off at the side door not the front door that has a porch, it was raining. they are wet.
I can not get it to stick to a flat surface and since I wanted it for extra balance it is useless. I don't trust it
Used twice. Water stayed after the second use. Returned.
Stopped working after less the 2 months
Knock off product, do not buy! Worst seller on amazon, they are selling fake handy heaters that take forever to arrive and was broken. Made a return request, they sent an e-mail asking why. I responded within 10 mins letting them know it was damaged. Then they reply 2 days later and said they closed the request because I didn't respond. You've been warned, it's a scam!
Suction cups stopped working after two weeks. Waste of money. Not recommended.
So I bought this fan for a trip to europe which I'm leaving for tomorrow. Lots of the places I'll be staying there won't have air conditioning so I thought this little fan would be the perfect thing. I don't know if the fan I received is defective or what. I put in brand new batteries and could hardly feel any air coming out even with the stupid thing three inches from my face. Then when I tried to take out the batteries, the plastic cover broke and a little metal piece fell off of the battery holder. Seriously don't buy this fan, I'm warning you. You'll just have to throw it away and go out last minute to find one that works!
Cheap and broke in less than a couple weeks
This wash I tape was not useable because it was more like string than tape.
Good design may be the item received is defective.. stitches comes out quickly..
It stated on the website batteries where required, that is the only reason why I purchased it, it came to me and it does not take batteries, it requires you to plug it in.
when packaged arrived it was missing the hearts and rings the bottom of the board was cracked and paint peeling. it was not packaged good either it was just in a clear bag in a box very upset with this product
An absolute waste of money. These are completely dull. They do not rip a seam...even picking apart a seam is impossible due to the tip being too dull to get under a stitch.
This thing is crap! Doesn't look like the picture, it's white. The burlap is fraying and falling out! But, most importantly, it doesn't hold rings! They pop right back out when you press them in! DO NOT BUY!
These arrived a few days ago totally smashed, and it is not allowing me to return them, report it, or contact the seller. Complete waste of money.
Wouldn't let me set the time right out of the box.
Lasted about a month. No longer really sucks anything up.
I thought I wasn't closing the valve all the way. This POS has had a slow leak since it arrived. Waited too long to return. DO NOT BUY !!
This product felt very cheap and thin. Was no way 800 thread count Egyptian cotton! Split did not seem to be 34" because it did not fit bed correctly and seemed like it would tear! Put them right back in the package and sent back!
I spend all of my time untangling this thing. I have watched video after video and followed instructions exactly. Only works on fingerling weight yarn. You can forget worsted weight. Wasted a ton of time and a ton of yarn.
It arrived damaged. :( One leaf is all bent and crinkled because the tree is packed loose in a big box.
Worst purchase ever!!! This is not a quilt, it's a screen image, fleece, and tiny, baby blanket size.. pictures they show are fake!!
Does not even deserve a star since I never received it. I gave 1 star because the customer service at Amazon refunded me.
Sucks snags on things and rips diamonds off
Correction there basically bouncy balls. & they have the glass ones from another seller for cheaper the price and also on prime.
These are completely useless as the hole in the backing is too small for the post of an earring. What a waste of money.
This product is good in size and very sturdy. However, it's not meant for the shower as listed. It's definitely not water proof.. I literally just threw it away bcuz it was growing mold after 6 cleans with bleach and allowed it to have sun to dry out.. black mildew mold and white furry crap.. So upset because I don't like throwing away money! Not recommended for the shower at all. Maybe as a little stool in the rest room but not in the shower.. I purchased it to use while shaving legs.
Do not purchase this vacuum. I dislike this dyson cordless HEPA V8. The advertisement stated that it lasts for 40 hours is sooo wrong. I charged it overnight and was able to vacuum for 7 minutes. Such a waste of money and sooo ineffective. Who can vacuum in 7 minutes? Don't be fooled by the claims. I didn't even want to give it one star, But I couldn't submit my review without giving it a star.
I didn't realize they were so thin. Looked more like a book cover then a canvas!
Doesn't fit the sofa properly. A two piece seems to be the way to go.
This item causes the touchscreen to react strangely. I turned up the sensitivity and it only got worse. Also, the adhesive leaves a visible line along the side of the screens at the curved edges.
No assembly directions. Hard to put together without.
Less than month and the fabric r hair everywhere, withered
This is a terrible product. I used it for maybe twenty minutes and my shoes started to fall off starting at the bottom. The only way the shoes at the top are still on is because there is a heap on them. Tried three times and gave up after that. Super annoying.
The white clouds are hard to see because they aren't white, they are more like a very light gray. They blend in with the wall which is painted a light grayish blueish color.
The feathers continuously poke out of the pillows in multiple places causing extreme discomfort. I'd love to share photos if the option was available. This pillows will guarantee misery every night.
Smells awefull. Not the kind of firm foam, its a very soft material does not support the neck as it should
Product stopped working after one week. Light still turns on and off but fan completely does not work. Very disappointed.
The item came in a box that was much too large with no packing material so the box was pretty beat up. Thankfully none of the wood pieces were broken. Per the instructions in the box there were supposed to be a number of additional pieces (screws, a handle, pieces to attach the shelves with) but only the wood pieces were in the box. How are we supposed to assemble it if pieces are missing?
Did not realize I was paying 40 dollars for just a plastic cover for the clothing rack but NO clothing rack...
Terrible. This broke within 30 Days. Water soaked the batteries and it's eroded.
For some strange reason the package was never delivered it says it was being returned how ridiculous is that!!!
Did not get item pictured received a cloth like WTF
Came frayed and without the curtain rods.
It was the worst song machine I could have ever purchased the power cord, never were I should send it back, but it just wasn't worth the hassle. I just wish you would send me a new one a better one
Was really looking forward to receiving this light box, it is light and compact, BUT the switches on the left side of the unit do not work. I can get the unit to light by unplugging it and the plugging it back in. I am going to return the unit.
Will not order to this seller again!! worst pattern!! there are white spots on the canvas.... there are no symbol on some of the canvas...the hand was covered by drill symbols
These sponges seemed like a good deal but they fall apart easily. Also, about half are now moldy while still on the package. I'll stick with a known brand from now on.
Probably one of the worst hot gloves I've ever used. The product claims 600 degrees but it couldn't even handle 350. The heat just went straight through to my hand and you can feel the heat. I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone. I work in a kitchen working with hot sheet pans daily.
Horrible material already ripped and inseams came apart. Queen doesnt fit a queen bed runs small.
It did not smell like most chemical products but the level of cushioning was ridiculous and does not pass for a pillow. returned it.
Most of the chocolates were missing or broken.
I had hoped I could purchase 2 Oz sample but since I couldn't, I took a chance. Omgosh such a strong odor! I'm not sure what I'm going to do with it. Very disappointed.
The suction is horrible! It hardly picks up any items.... Money wasted!
Didn't fit and I wasn't allowed to return it.
Difficult to install even when following directions closely. I'd rather just have one side be adhesive instead of dealing with this soapy water nonsense that doesn't actually adhere very well
Product is poorly made. Unsatisfied completely
All I'm disappointed about is the poor quality than what I thought it was. Very flimsy metal.
purchased this a few months ago to replace my Shark steamer. I should have tested it out right away but time got away from me. This product is horrible. Attachments are hard to put on, warnings say a little water may come out when first started - this is a huge understatement!! I had a hug puddle of water to clean up and virtually no water for steam in the unit. then i had to wait forever for the unit to cool so i could add more water. Save your money. I am going to see if I can find someone to fix my Shark Steamer. Also the cord is to short
Do not buy! They separate and fall apart at first wash
Looks nice but it's a piece of junk. Look elsewhere.
Seriously I have to give a star to review? Would have left a good review if the package wouldn't have been EMPTY! $9.99 for an empty package SMH. Yes it was still sealed !
I used this pump 3 times to blow up a shallow inflatable pool. The attachment fit perfectly. The first two times, it got the pool filled with air with no issues. The 3rd time I hooked it up to inflate the pool, it just died. I thought maybe it just needed to cool off because it was pretty warm when I picked it up. There was plenty of ventilation around it, so it wasn't being smothered. I let it cool off and tried it again, and it just doesn't work. Back to the old fashioned manual pump I go....
This product was not what I was expecting. It didn't stay in one place in the crib and my daughter kept getting out of it. Needless to say I got another pillow which worked better! Save your money!!!
I ordered a KING size & payed for a KING size but received a a TWIN size. It's frustrating. I had to return this idiom.
No stars at all. This product was horrible. It was not true to size and when I washed it according to the directions on the tag it shed horribly. I had to throw it away.
By far THE WORST and warmest comforter EVER!
Returned them and never got credit. They float. They don't stick
At first loved the softness of these sheets. But after washing alone 4 times material is balling up where I sleep! Not worth the high cost! Wow! Seller sent a free replacement set saying that the product was not up to their expectations. I was not expecting this and was pleasantly suprised! Hope the new set lasts!
Had to have amazon refund my money! never received, no communication, BIG disappointment!
Only came with one. Didn't get both. Frustrated
Came without the battery, the charger and the Swivel tool
Within a week of having this bench in the shower it has mildew all over it. The sellers claim it can be used in water - yet obviously it cannot!
Was super excited to receive this pillow, only to find out it may have already been used and damaged upon arrival. Super deflated and disappointed with such hyped up marketing and brand imaging on social media and their website. How can you be a pillow manufacturer and not have proper hygienic packaging to protect the pillow when at your warehouse and/or when shipping to a customer?
Ordered once and received the wrong color. Second order came...correct color but the soap dispenser leaks from the bottom. Terrible quality.
Horrible quality product
Came in pieces -looked like a returned unit. -I therefore sent it back for a refund
I decide to try this fabric shaver because of the cost and it was one that was suggested to me. The first time I used it I would have to go over the area few time. The worst was the fact that it would get caught and ate the fabric!!! It put two massive holes in my shirt!! I would try something else before this one!!! It was lightweight and easy to hold but I just was horrified that it put holes in the clothes that was only worn once!
This does not have snowflakes on it or look like the stocking I ordered.....
This is not a genuine Silhouette cutting mat. It is Fake. It loses its sticky surface after a few cuts. Do not purchase this.
Cheap chip core flimsy veneer. Fell apart during assembly.
It broke with the first use. The part that goes through the fabric broke off with the first use. It was almost impossible to use any way. The fabric got stuck on it as I tried to move it over.
Just that the colors it shows are not accurately depicted once in person. Had to send back
If you are getting these solely for the looks, then they are a good buy. If you actually want to use them, I'd pass. They are not absorbent and are almost canvas/tarp type material
I will nail your asses to the wall as I am an attorney for using my name falsely in book reviews. You are crazy, I haven't read those books.
It will not fit a 1 1/4 house as it said in the description when I ordered it. Great scam.
Worked well for the first 3 days then just quit diffusing.
Never even got these
My daughter is on a dance team and I bought two of these bags to hold her costumes. I put one costume in the bag to attend a competition. When I removed the costume from the garment bag the zipper broke. I thought maybe it was an isolated problem so when I got home I tried the other bag and the zipper broke off before was able to completely unzip the bag for a first time use. The bag seemed to be made of a nice durable plastic but the zippers are cheap!!!! Fortunately, I was able to return the bags and received my money back!
I can't say whether I like or dislike because I haven't received it yet.
This does not hold much of anything. It fell apart easily.
3 months and still no follow ups after many attempts. DO NOT BUY.
The two fans came broken. One fan had a part that broke off and is causing the fan to increase and decrease in speed. Poor quality, want to return or money back.
It does nothing, unfortunately it was so crappy that we even forgot about it after a day and failed to return it. On the plus side it is small as advertised and good for travelling...... if it worked....... Oh well Save your money dont buy this POS
Ordered this in December for a Christmas gift. It is now March 1 and still have not received it!
This kit is worthless. With no instructions, no documentation, I can't find anything on the Internet on how to use it. I tried replacing a button with it, nothing holding in place, no results at all, this is cheap junk. I advise to not buy this item, thank you
The cheap power adapter was dead on arrival. Of course I had already cut the air lines and hooked up everything before I discovered it wouldn't power up. I improvised a solution but now I have to go find another adapter. Annoying. Other than that I suppose this thing does the job.
Bought for a couch. It does fit a 65" seat, the arms almost go across the top but not quite. I got the reversible one with the dog print. Did not match the picture. Both sides were the same. Only had paw prints on the beige. No dog house or bones on print. Other side was supposed to be dark brown with same print. Does have a strap to hold the back on. Mostly disappointed with the color and print not same as what I paid for. Kinda pricey. Could have paid $10 less for the dark brown which is side I really wanted. Material is thin and seems durable enough for small dogs. Not really quilted. Seems to be melted together in a quilted pattern. My couch is a recliner and cover does move, but to be expected.
Very low quality. Most Ornaments came half painted.. Dont waste your money.
The crayon colors are dull on the children's faces. The result makes for a faded look. Boo. Will return the item.
Never received. Seller refuses to respond to multiple messages
This product broke on the second trip used. Waste of money for such a short product life, only bought it two months ago.
I bought this set for its versatility(had everything I needed) the ergonomic hooks worked great but the blue handled ones break easily(the handles break away from the hook). I've had three break doing different projects
A piece of Chinese junk, it snapped and broke the center of the grate with he first fire I started. Do not buy
Product lasted one month before it started to mysteriously deflate on me. I couldn't find a hole but I had to throw it out.
Thin glass, enough said
Can't review an item I NEVER RECEIVED. ups marked it as delivered and amazon said that it will be delivered the following day....still nothing.
The boxes are ok for storage but too small to house hats.
Not exactly as described.
Horrible fan. First, all the buttons stopped working after a few hours. The lock button randomly stopped working so it only rotates, the power button stopped working, and it won't go higher than the lowest setting. I also thought this would be a cooling fan that blew colder air like an A/C, it's not. Second, it makes a clicking noise when rotating which since its stuck on rotation is all the time. I like fans to be quiet and soothing not annoying. Lastly, the packaging was horrible. I'm pretty sure this fan was used previously, it had no product name boxing or labels. It came in a beat up box with green bubble wrap thrown inside and the screws came in a ziploc baggy.
Received this product and the chocolate was totally melted and all over the calendar. Unusable.
Almost all the bulbs were broken :( small chards of glass everywhere when I opened up the box. The packaging seems very minimal considering how fragile/delicate the product it.
Leaks bad quick. Do not buy. a waste. worked well when it didn't leak badly. Water everywhere. A big mess.
This is an attractive and nice product except that it will not stay on the wall. We have tried everything, but it keeps falling off every 2 or 3 days. Not worth the hassle.
I opened the box (which was in fine condition), but when I opened the vacuum-sealed package it literally smelled like I'd unleashed the gates of Hell. There is such a FOUL stench coming from this blanket, there is NO WAY I would ever give this to anyone in a million years. This item is being returned immediately, and the seller should be reported. I'm so grossed out. Once I read the other 1-star reviews, it is clear I'm not alone in my experience. This
I was so excited to get this for my husband for Christmas. We followed every instruction that it came with as far as handling and prep. It does nothing. Literally everything inside of it stays at the bottom.
Doesn't work well... and I would return but husband tossed the box before I had a chance to evaluate or I would have returned. Purchased for bathroom and the strength of the fan to do anything for a shower just is not there.
Didn't work at all. Water from the faucet knocks it out of place. Even if I held it in place until the tub filled, it still didn't hold a seal.
The bottom rusted and stained my counter after 1 days use!
This is just a flat pad. It appears to have 2 draw strings at the back to help it fit to the board. I have an older standard 55" ironing board, and this pad did not fit. It is exactly 55" long, so when you try to draw it around the board, it can't wrap around. I never tried to iron with it. It was also very thin and had no elastic or anything around the middle to help it stay on. On the plus, it was pretty.
I have had it for less than a year and it doesn't work already.
This product sucks! The frame came broken (literally, the wood has a giant crack in it, causing the frame to bend). Additionally, it is completely scratched, so scratched that even if I could hang it on the wall (but can't due to it bending), I wouldn't because it simply looks like a cat with very long finger nails danced all over it. Because the frame is so big, I am throwing it away without sending it back for a return, but I HIGHLY suggest you find a different brand!
Strings fall out of these crappy eggs!
Did not come with the pray ornament.
This is the third case of bolts from this post in the one year.everyone looks like this after a month of use. White/black things start coming off of it and pulling hair .
Its very cheaply made, and it seems very easy to break.
Not durable ! Completely fell apart
Don't have enough suction to pick up a ant
Do not have the cooling or silky feel of bamboo sheets. I've tried washing a couple times to see if I just needed to wash out an residual chemicals from manufacturing, but they've just gotten rougher and less comfortable each wash. Save your time, money, and comfort, invest in 100% bamboo sheet.
Not easy to assemble we're missing 2 of the triangular pieces that goes into the pole wholes to keep tree sturdy, very thin not full at all
This is the most ridiculous company. I've placed four orders now and have yet to get 3 queen duvet covers...they keep sending me kings! The first time I ordered 3 queens and all 3 packages said queen on the outside label, but the duvet cover tags said king and showed the wrong dimensions. So I exchanged all 3 and received a new shipment that had 2 queens and 1 king. Because it was an exchange, they made me return all 3, even though 2 were queens. So I placed another order for 3 queens and got 2 queens and 1 king. Okay so I can now keep the 2 queens and exchange the king for a queen. Nope. The replacement they sent today was yet another king. Will this never end? I have a vacation rental and use these on all my beds, they were great until this inconvenience. How many times do I have to pack this back up and hand to the poor UPS guy who I'm sure thinks I'm a whack job after 4 days in a row of this nonsense. If I wasn't trying to match my linens to what I already had, I'd just send them all back and find a vendor that doesn't mix up their kings and queens on the regular. Bleh. Also one of the replacement kings I ordered the other day had a stain on it. So there's that.
Do not waste your money on this. It was so thin and see through we had to find something to hang behind in for pictures. Both sides of the back drop had very visible, thick seams that were about 4-5 inches in from the very edge. So all the pictures we took you can see the seam. Terrible quality.
Only received 1 panel. Came in a crumpled ball in a package. I have to return for a refund. Will not be ordering again
Didn't project anything. Returned it for a refund.
3 of the 6 were broken in the corners and lids leaving holes in the plastic! Ridiculous. I read other reviews that said that, and I thought it was just a mishap with those orders...but it seems to be a pattern. Obviously these are not very durable.
All the pearls are very small and miss shaped !
Cheaply made...the little gems started falling off almost immediately
Ridiculous that some of the letters are printed backwards...they are not usable! Also, you have to have a very steady hand, as the attachment tool does not keep the letters tightly in place
It is way smaller than expected. Is made of a very cheap plastic material. Waste of money even though it was cheap anyway. You get what you pay for smh
when I pressed for the pressure it broke it looks like it was dry. The quality is not good
Never received the item
I don't know still haven't received it.
Do not buy ! 5 out of 120 actually fit, shoot and are made correctly. Better to go buy at Walmart !
Lounge your way to chemo treatment with this polyurethane pillow. Enjoy the toxic smell of this lovely supportive pillow while it's polyurethane filling off gases the confuses your cellular funtion. Seriously, I unwrapped this pillow and it smelled toxic. It was disgusting. I packaged it up immediately and sent it back. Products like this are a waste of time, money, people, and the earth.
Just got it today, it has a tear on corner :(
i ordered 2 packages but I received one. I would like to solve this matter .
Never used product it arrived with mildew stains and rusted metal parts buyer beware
Will not work in a pre-war apartment with lower ceilings. I live in an old building with those tacky, large moldings that concave towards the window frame. If you're familiar with these old apartments, you'll know they're also bumpy with layers of paint and chips. My moldings are flush against the ceiling, making it impossible to use this curtain rod because of the way it mounts.
Horrible product! If I could give 0 stars I would! First this is NOT PRINTABLE VINYL!! Buyer beware. 2nd the shipment I received had a kink in it andit's dirty!
Received a completely different product than the tile puzzles I ordered. Contacted seller a few days ago but didn't receive any response.
It looks cute but they send me the wrong letter! I ordered M and I got W!
WE just recently brought this out for the first time for company so this was the first time inflating since we bought it and it have a puncture hole in the top of the mattress so this is useless to us!
This cabinet isn't worth the money I spent to get it. First the directions were only pictures and it was difficult to figure out which of the hardware you needed for each step since all the hardware was mixed in bags. Then after I managed to get it together I went to move it and the top pulled right off of it on one side. Thought maybe I forgot to tighten one of the hidden cams, but no that wasn't it, the hidden cam broke and the cam screw has nothing to connect too now. The worst thing about this cabinet is it puts out a terrible order that smells of strong chemicals. It makes me caught and I eyes sting from the smell. I will not be ordering and more items of this brand. I am very disappointed in the total quality of this item. I will have to find another cabinet for my bathroom and use this tiny cabinet for my craft room
I ordered 2 sets of cubes and one box only came with 5 cubes instead of the 6. How can I get the other cube?
Top two hooks/arms will not stay tight- flush against tree...!they keep moving and one screw is stripped already...a waste of my money
Low quality. Zipper doesn't seem like it'll last long and the material is thin
did not fit well, even though it is OEM.
It was to small. And arrived late. Leaving me with an unfinished product that was needed for a very important event.
Absolutely none of the included hardware fits any of the drilled holes, clearly missing many parts, and it simply cannot be assembled. This is absolutely unusable and has to go straight back. Don't waste your time.
This item broke after about 4 months, I have been trying to find someone to fix it. No one seems to be able to.
It says a 3 pack and I ordered 4 and only received 4. It should of been 12. I'm very disappointed.
They need to specify the size of the inside of the mold. These are not made for the average wrists.
Order 2 and received 1 Called customer service they are investigating this I have to wait another 3 days after waiting a week and 2 days and did not get both
Pieces do not fit well together, returned.
I've been trying these for months and used several different battery brands. They aren't bright enough and they burn out ridiculously fast. Ready to throw them out.
I ordered the King size pillow shams in white. My issue is that I received this product dirty! It looks like it was on a dirty shelf or dropped on the floor and it slid around. I'm going to Spay & Wash it and throw it in the laundry only because I hate the hassle of having to return things. Disappointing.
Order was just cancelled never received
Very cheap. Not blanket material. I wouldn't wrap my baby in this “blanket”. only thing it's good for is to take pictures with baby.
These looked great coming out of the box, but once I washed them, they wrinkled up and feel awful. There is zero luxury in this product. Buyer BEWARE!
Overall charms were not that great. Half the beads were already coming apart. The silver piece was falling off the charms NOT a good quality product. Don't waste your money
Never got it. Took a month to get an answer. Did get a refund.
It did not work, do not purchase this!
I don't know if I got a bad batch or what, but so far the 5 out of 5 bags I've tried have not stayed compacted. The first two bags Instantly failed (my cat was playing with one, so it's possible he punctured it), my 3rd attempt seemed like it worked, but I noticed the other day that the bag with blankets (stored under my bed) had expanded to the full size. The 4th bag failed me tragically after one use - I packed it to take on vacation and when I repacked it to take it home, it didn't work. Someone even had a vacuum cleaner and kept redoing it after thinking they'd duct taped the leak. I had to use some serious jenga packing moves to make everything fit in my car. And the hand pump is completely useless. I've never used the ginormous size before, so maybe it's just not possible at this size?... bummer.
This sheets were very soft after I washed them however i noticed yellow stains on them -never used before washing them- and now there is a run about 2 1/2 feet long where many strings look like the pulled. Will be a huge hole before long I imagine and I have never even slept on them.
They shipped me two USB drives - not the incense
zipper broke 1st time it was washed.
Cut on both sides when received. Returned right away.
Nothing like the pictures. Foam way smaller than the case, all wrinkled with some reallly hard and uncomfortable parts. Not similar to the pictures at all..... It is useless. Well, it has the same collor.
Dryer came dented and would not run
Bought this as a gift for my little sister and as soon as she opened it the writing tip fell off! Cap on the ink bottle did not close securely so the ink was everywhere. Thank goodness it was in a sealed baggie otherwise there would have been a huge mess and everything in the box ruined even worse.
This glue gun is small... while holding your hands hit the switch turning it off.
A complete waste of money, this particular scent has no scent. It's just blah blue lightly passing by with no association with anything.
it doesn't stay on the wall at all
This product only worked for two months. Turn out to be a piece of junk
beware, you'll never receive this product, even after you report it never was delivered. It's been over 6 months since I wasted my money....
I want it on the wall, but it's too small. it's only my thumb. I'm disappointed.
It's cheap, I don't think it's A real crystal
This product is poorly constructed and fell apart after several weeks of minimal use. Just threw it away.
It was terrible service over the phone and my pc. They wished us to return the whole package when the church needed them right away. Many came broken.
Color is not vibrant in person. Looks cheap.
It will not work. We have followed directions and it barely gets warm (can still touch it) and has no steam.
Eggs leak out into water when you're boiling them. I could've made poached eggs and saved the money. Just put baking soda in the water and hard boil them like normal.
I have had other hand-held vacs and none were like one. The flip down suction cleaner does not stay down and the vacuum does not pick up well at all.
Parts are too soft..door broke while trying to assemble.very flimsy..not worth the money spent...wont buy again!
Damaged in shipping not delivered
It broke...again! I bought this in Aug, and it quit working after a day.They sent me a new one. Now, it isn't even February yet, and it has quit working once again. I use it every few weeks, but I am so disappointed. I love cleaning with a steamer, but I hate paying money to have something break after less than regular use.
Only received 2 bags out of five.
Did not get the handles with the order.
I cared for this and cleaned it every day. Replaced all parts according to service schedule and it simply stopped charging and working.
We bought this for our church. The lantern blew away in the wind. Not a sturdy design.
Unfortunately, this package was left at the foot of the door within reach of our dog and needless to say, she destroyed it by the time I got home. :(
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. I don't know if I received a defective one or not, but from the second I plugged in this blanket, it didn't work. I left it on high for over an hour and it didn't heat up one bit. Not only is it useless as a heated blanket, it's a terrible blanket in general. It's small, incredibly thin, smells horribly like chemicals or factory, and isn't soft in any way.
Ordered in May for vacation in July. Opened and put dirty clothes in it and tried to close with the drawstring and it pulled out with no way to put it back in leaving no way to close. Pathetic it comes apart on first use, which was outside return window.
I ordered this as an "add-on" to a table centerpiece. I received a hair piece instead of butterflies...
I would give this product less than 1 star if I could. The raised bumps on this bathmat were extremely painful to stand on. I returned this item and Amazon was great with the return.
I ordered reds, but received white flowers.
The length indicated 84 inches, but it is 83 inches....i had to return it because I really need it to be 84 inches.
It's microfiber and very hot Especially if you live in Florida. I didn't read the fine print!!!
This is not a strong product. Has fallen off 2 times now! 2nd day of being up!
This item is too expensive for what it does. I feel like I been cheated. Since I got it, the product has not gotten full not even halfway. I been using it for the rooms and have changed the item to several rooms to see if it collects water but it doesn't seem to collect much at all. When I use my big dehumidifier to see if there is no more humidity in the rooms the big dehumidifier gets full in one day. Would not recomend this product to anyone.
Adorable! Loved this clock when I got it! However the second hand fell off which popped back on but continued to fall off. I contacted the seller and they denied a return request. Company sent me new clock works but the second hand won't snap on. I still love it on my wall. Specially the pendulum!
Sent back, multi functions did not work appropriately. Super disappointed
The fold were not dry good or crips. Would not recommend
I've bought two sets of these since May and both sets have stopped working after several weeks of use.
Bag unzips in washer which defeats the purpose:(((
We purchased this mattress pad for our recently potty-trained toddler because it stated it was waterproof. We had just moved him into his own full size bed. The mattress pad is definitely not waterproof. He had an accident during nap time that resulted in everything soaking through the "waterproof" mattress pad onto his brand new mattress. Very disappointing!
This one lasted only a month. All products can have manufacture defect but lets see if they will stand by their product. if replaced would give 4 star. Purchased before no problem
Had to return due to set started to unravel.
Careful with ordering this item, I ordered the item with a remote and never received the remote. I will be returning for a replacement, hoping the remote will come with it.
I was very disappointed with this product. First, I was shipped the wrong product and charged for for a better quality. The product is not durable, wrinkles easily and it's already falling apart. I would not buy from this seller again.
The worst candle I have ever bought. No smell or aroma what so ever. totally flat.
Unfortunately the rolls of TP we use are the larger ones. This holder did not work for us. We were unable to roll the TP roll on the spindle. If it was not for that, I would have really liked it. I still want the same thing but just be able to hold a full roll of TP.
I am disappointed with this set because it does not look like the picture at all. I expected the comforter to be thick like the picture and as you can see, it's not. The design is not as defined as in the add picture. I feel like it just looks very wrinkled. On a positive note, it is soft and I assume comfortable to sleep in.
I've yet to receive this particular sign
3 of the 8 metal handles were not long enough to stretch across the wooden rods. I would have sent it back, but it's already assembled. I even tried to use pliers to stretch them out, but that didn't work.
I ordered this product as a last minute gift for a co workers promotion party and it came without the wooden stand which defeats the entire purpose. I was extremely disappointed because it was too late to do anything about the incorrect order. Other than that that quotes are nice and inspiring.
Never received the item or a refund
I own two sets of the Brielle Tencel sheets and absolutely love them. I ordered two more sets and the seller sent me Egyptian Cotton sheets, made in China. If they send you the correct thing, they are amazing. I'm not happy they sent me something completely different and now I have to waste my time sending them back. Good luck.
Now that I've had this set for a month or so, they've started to rust. Can't use rusted knives.
Molds were sticky and warped when I opened the package. I have no idea what the sticky substance was. The glitter had exploded all over the place inside the package.
I'm so sad one wash (followed washing instructions) and one rug came unsewn and both rugs bunched up on the inside(there is a layer of foam on the inside).
All 6 (or 6) are bent in a concave shape. Look elsewhere.
I looked forward to receiving this container. It was just what I needed for my sewing items. However, the hooks on the end that connect each level to another was very thin and weak and one had already fallen off when it arrived. I sent it back without problem and was refunded. It's too bad that they can't change the design to strengthen the clips. It would have been a good item.
The wooden square needles broke the first time I used them. Totally not impressed.
Very rough fabric!!! Very Hot!
This product was so not worth the money! Tried to put it on my playroom wall and it wouldn't stick to the wall!
It doesn't hold the phone securely enough.
Placed order in mid JULY and still have not received three items from this Seller. Do not buy!!!!
Do not buy this fan. So cheaply made and a lot of it is plastic. Would return but I'm sure postage would be crazy. Very disappointed.
Purchased in hopes of it cooling us down inside a tent for camping. The fan works reasonably well for the size, but the misting element is poor and can't keep up with the speed of the fan in order to be effective. Needed time to test and now want to return, but it appears that it's beyond that time period. Will check with seller to see what other options there may be for a refund.
I could not open it. It says push and twist, but the thing won't budge. Was able to take part of the head out, but it still all wrapped up and unusable
This shoe organizer looked great coming out of the box. Assembly was frustrating because one of the three hanging hooks did not fit at all and kept slipping through the hole. After four months the entire thing fell apart. I would return it but see no point.
We have used this maybe 10 times and it's already broken. We have a really nice, thick rug from pottery barn and it caused the fibers to fray. Also, it's big and bulky and cumbersome. Save the money and wait until you can go with a dyson cordless. We are returning this vacuum and the dyson will be the next purchase.
Falls apart too easily.
This product came out of the box broken. Not happy- I'm far from a site to mail back for a refund
These don't work worth a flip. Impossible to attach, and if you CAN manage, they pop right off. Waste of money.
This mini “vintage” lantern is AWEFUL! The one I purchased has so many issues, the first being that the glass in the windows was cut crooked and dose t fit in the lantern at all and the lids handle doesn't stay in place. I could go on but I don't want to waist my time
very disappointed very hard and the divider is uncomfortable not happy with purchase
The hanger part of this broke literally 1 day after the return window closed. I had baby bows in half the pockets so by no means was it too heavy for it to be handled either.
I have had these for some weeks now and have not noticed any difference. When is this item supposed to start working?
bent over from snow and wind. not very strong.
These cushions were extremely thin and felt as if I was sitting on no cushion at all.
Fitted sheet ripped during regular use within a month.
This was not very comfortable, I sent it back with the pillow protectors.
I wanted to love these sheets but they are awful. The other reviews are accurate when describing the feel of the material. It definitely felt like a vinyl table cloth when taken out of the package. I have washed these sheets 14 times and used copious amounts of liquid fabric softeners and dryer sheets. The sheets softened slightly but are unbearable to sleep on. They are very hard and scratchy and are just plain uncomfortable. It was a total waste of money.
it was no fault of Clever Creations, but I never received this product. Fed-Ex destroyed it when it was shipped and Amazon credited my account instead of reordering this product.
Not worth the purchase. I put it together as per the instructions and the plastic cracked. Then while using, the straws got all sucked in. Then when put them back they don't go back. Will return this.
I did receive 12 rocks however the three on top I measured and they were only one inch. The website mentioned they were an inch to an inch and a half what a joke keep your money
Good size, just too slim. I needed to fill four pillows but I ended up double stuffing two.
On second day of use!!!!!!! And this item is not elegible for return!!!!!!!!
My product says delivered, but it wasn't!
Can't really give a review as I never received the product!
I barely write reviews but only after 1 month 4 lights went out. Waste of your money. The two remaining ones light is very faint.
Hardly even used this year because I live in AZ. And now I am too afraid to use it now because it is frayed. It is already coming apart and I cannot return because it is a month past the return. Recommend buying something else. Do not use this product.
USPS tracking shows delivered - Finally received. Product not as plush as appears in photo. Afraid to wash.
I've just received it and tried to make a simple bracelet. Impossible. The cord is awful. Knot immediately untied. Inappropriate for the bracelets! The stretch doesn't fit the form, not strong enough.
The table cloths were nice however the first time I washed them the hem raveled. They are not in shape to use again. I am very disappointed.
I specifically bought this item for the # hashtag beads. Out of all the beads in the packages, I only received one (1) hashtag. Unfortunately, I know this because I painstakingly sorted all the beads by letters. If you
The fitted sheets will not stay on the corners of the mattress. Each morning I have to retuck the corners. I do not have a very deep matress, the elastic is weak.
I loved it until it quit working. No longer moves to do anything. Battery is charged, machine beeps when pressed but then doesn't start. Can't find any information online regarding this. It just doesn't move to do any mopping although it makes the proper beep sounds when I attempt to start it. Now what? I spent nearly $300 and it broke in 9 months. I used it several times a week, but was always careful with it.
Terrible. Doesn't hold a charge, would not work more than 30 seconds.
Used the floor brush ones and brush fibers were falling out on the floor not happy with product
This is the worst pillow I've ever had. It's like a rock that is sort of pillow-shaped. It's so hard that when I get up, the ear that was down on the pillow hurts for a while because it's been smashed flat. It wasn't so bad when I first got it, but it's been solidifying over the past five months. I wouldn't buy it again or recommend it to anyone.
I thought it was a good durable bag for travel. It has been only been used in car travel, today being the second use. The zipper pull came off in my hand when I tried to open it and remove contents. Both outings the bag had only three / fours items inside. VERY DISAPPOINTED with my purchase
It is products like this for which reviews were made. This $70 garbage can is made to last 90+ days (the warranty) and then be thrown away, because there are no replacement parts. The most vital part is the hinge and it is made of cheap plastic. Once it is broken the can is basically unusable. Amazon should quit carrying it. If you look at my other reviews they are generally positve. You have been warned.
I only received 23 brushes instead of the advertised 24.
I opened the package of BOTH sets I bought and put them into the washer and dryed them. When I took the one set out of the dryer the elastic is loose and they won't stay on my mattress, I am not happy!!! I feel like I should be able to return even though they have been washed, I am very disappointed
This fan died after one years use. 0/10 I would not recommend this.
When I received my shipment, I put batteries into this, and the display lights up but nothing responds to anything except the 'shake' function. The instructions require little more than a lighter because they are absolutely worthless. If you're able to get magnification enough, you realize nothing is spelled correctly, the grammar is no where near correct, so they basically are completely useless because it's completely illegible. I can tell it's written to be a 'map' of functionality, but like I said, nothing is legible in any way, shape, nor form, so they are worthless. Now, back to my original comment. Nothing seems to be responding to anything at all except the shake. Supposedly this is touch screen. I have literally tried touching every single square quarter-inch of the display to see if anything responds to anything and nothing does. I see the 4th image of the description on amazon which seems to further allude to what is supposed to be 'touch screen' functionality, but there is ABSOLUTELY NOTHING that responds. I've given this an hour-and-a-half now to 'come to room temperature' since it was just received to see if that is the reason nothing responds, and I'll give it overnight... but I'm pretty suspect this is a DOA... I was hesitant... and... I think it's going back.
For the product itself, I give 5 stars. The ornament is adorable and sturdy. The reason I gave 1 star was because it was delivered to the wrong house. Thankfully I have nice neighbors and they returned it to me.
This is what my pillow looked like when I opened the box. The pillow has dirt on it and as you can see it's ripped the bag that it came in was ripped as well. The box that it came in had no damage. I was very disappointed and I'm unsure why the company thought it would be okay to send a pillow that looked like this.
Returned. Screen started malfunctioning within 1 week
Did not receive product. It was confiscated by cargo company for being suspicious.
Does not work after 1 month. But I was too late in returning the prouduct
Had a big hole , and thread was coming off not worth it at all !! Don't order
Very skinny pole. Not expected like it to be.
Don't like it wasn't what I thought it would be
I knew based on the price that this product was probably too good to be true, but even so I was disappointed with the quality of the towels I received. I mainly purchased these as gym towels to use when doing cardio in my building's gym. The advertised dimensions looked perfect and the width was an inch or two wider than most other hand towels. Unfortunately, the towels I received measured a full inch shorter than the stated dimensions on arrival, and nearly a full 2" shorter after the first wash cycle due to shrinkage. Moreover, the quality, loft, and general softness of these towels is much closer to that of a bargain bin Walmart towel than that of any 'Turkish Cotton' hand towels you've ever seen. Even at $4 a Towel, these still aren't a bargain. They're good enough for my needs as I mostly care about sweat absorbency (decent) rather than aesthetics, but if I had purchased these thinking I was getting a fluffy hand towel I'd be pissed.
In the description they said that they were the Nutone brand. The bags that I received were DVC brand that say they are a replacement for Nutone brand. Don't know how good they are will probably just toss them and go to my dealer and buy the oem Nutone bags to be safe. Should have paid more attention to the picture then description.
Does not tuck into couch cushions. Looks tacky.
Its way to small to decorate inside or outside and it doesn't look good at all
This unit failed after 2 years, which is outside the warranty. It stops working and the power light just flashes. You can unplug it and plug it back in and it works for 5 minutes and then shuts off again. I contacted Frigidaire customer service and they say there's nothing they can do for me.
This is for very short rolls and it doesn't even hold that many. It wasn't worth it at all.
Next to IMPOSSIBLE to separate cause they cram each into each other so tightly two lids separate in the box arrived with a 'flange' each broken off. Definately the original packaging at the factory to blame. Seriously next to impossible to unpack... last time for me
IT BAD DOES NOT HOLD SHAPE WARPED AND DID NOT PUT A RACK ON IT
Screw these idiots, purchased a queen sized bed skirt and they sent me a twin size. Not even close you morons!!
I really wanted the pillow in the picture and looked forward to using it with so much excitement, but when it came in the mail it was a completely different style pillow. I really wanted the body pillow that had the detachable side, but I received the basic half circle pillow and my dreams were crushed. They have to take off that picture if that's not the one they're selling. Threw quality of the pillow seems nice and looks soft to sleep on, but I really wanted the detachable part.
Discription was wrong, poor quality, and they wouldn't let it be returned 👎👎👎
This is my first return of a product. It didn't charge after 7 hours plugged in to a working outlet. The red light was on during charging but when the light finally turned off, the on button was pressed (a silicone-like push button). Could hear it click on but didn't turn on at all! So putting it back in the very nice box with the handle and returning it. Disappointed but, hey, it happens!
I received kit but missing number 6 diamonds only 2 in package. Need lots more that seems to be a main color. Thank you Audrey Carter
This product is not as fluffy as the photo shows. Its flat with no cushion.
Ok aroma but literally no effect in the room and lasts 2 weeks max. Regret buying this.
The lenses are all broken on arrival . One had a hairline crack so I tested it out. Works okay but I doubt they will last the year. The way they package them it is no wonder the lenses crack. The base breaks the styrofoam during shipping and bangs against the cheap plastic lens. Cheap construction and poorly packed .
The tube for this is so flimsy that it doesn't do much at all.
5500 yards it a total LIE. I didn't measure but these look just like the lots that are 20 yards each.
Actual rocks not as pictured.
These break way too often. Upgrade to the white nicer ones.
Terrible stopped working after an hour of use. Company did refund me so happy about the customer service.
The vacuum is no longer working after only 3 months. I contacted customer support and was informed that the necessary part was on the way but it never arrived and customer support has stopped responding to my emails. There is no phone number. This is ridiculous.
I never received my shipment even though they received my money!
Was excited to tryout, but disappointed. Two pillows...not enough and three too much! Ugh!
The bottom is already cracked and broke off so it doesn't spin anymore sucks
It's not as thick or as soft as any previous Vellux blanket that I have owned. It's actually scratchy. It also has weird compressed areas on it almost like an iron was pressed on it in various places. I would return it, except I washed it a few times trying to make it softer and see if the compressed areas would disappear. No such luck on either point. I have owned 3 Vellux blankets over many years and loved the light weight, softness, warmth and appearance. This has none of those qualities. It's a fairly expensive....rag? tarp? dog bed blanket? Is this a cheap knock-off? It says Vellux on it. If this is what they are making now please don't waste your money.
My husband did NOT like these brushes..
DO NOT BUY!! Stopped working after three days!
I never received my order after placing an order twice. poor customer service
Awful. Cheap metal and not enough strength to lift my head enough for any relief. Returning it.
I did not get any stickers in my package
These ruined my product! I was excited to use these to make my necklaces look more professional but everything I used them on discolored so bad. I can't sell them now! Don't buy!!
Not real Palo Santo. It is covered in some sort of crystalized substance and has a very chemically smell when burned. It also burns out very quickly and has a black smoke. Unfortunately I will be returning it.
I NEVER DID RECEIVE THIS ITEM.
This is a terrible frame do not buy!!! Thanks ikea for the recycle symbols printed on the freaking plastic! I totally wanted to look at those symbols plastered across my photo.
I wanted to like this case but it kills the signal on the phone. I struggled with calls and data until I took it off one day and realized this.
DON'T BUY THIS!!! We have gone through two of them now (the first one was returned) and both of them failed. Battery/charging issue. If I could give negitive stars, I would.
I did not receive product. I forgot I had ordered them until I checked to see if I had or not. Realized I hadn't received them or it was stolen from where left. Can you please return money or send a new pair and leave in the back door??
Ordered with overnight, shipped days latter as 2nd day. Arrived in a bag with 1 layer of bubble wrap in 8 pieces! Simular figurines purchased at same time from others shipped properly in box on time and look great. Wife was extremely disappointed.....
DONT BUY !!! MINE CAME WITH MOLD IN THE MIDDLE! UNLESS YOU WANT TL DIE DONT BUY!!!! I HAD TO EVACUATE MY HOUSE BECAUSE OF THIS!!!
This is the worst HTV I've ever used. HTV peels apart from transfer sheet before its even cut. while cutting it lifts ( I know its not my blade, the sheet before and after cut just fine). would NEVER recommend this to anyone.
do not show well on any chalk board surface we tried.
Just received this product. It came in a very small package, folded up tightly and extremely wrinkled. It is so wrinkled that even the adhesive on the canvas is wrinkled. Very disappointing and basically a waste of money.
This product arrived in unacceptable condition. Five of the ten sheets were severely damaged. Broken up into many pieces and or folded and wrinkled. I will be returning this item and not use your product in the future.
product was shipped in orginal box placed inside a larger box, no packing was used. Bulbs were broken when they arrived.
The locking mechanism on the top of the filter is, maybe, a mm too large. It was like trying to put a square peg in a round hole. I tried everything to make it fit. Sorry, "close, but no cigar". The outside screen was not tight either. Good try, though. Back to the drawing board. It was only a buck cheaper. Amazon is cheerfully allowing for a free return.
Our vacuum kept breaking down so we bought another vacuum instead. We stopped using this because I had to keep buying it and buying it.
Nice vacuum except the beater brush. It went on and off while trying to use. I took it off and on but did not fix the issue. Returned for refund. Too pricy to have to fight the issue.
Unable to provide review, as the product was damaged in shipping. So badly damaged that I was unable to even get the rod completely out of the box.
Much too SMALL. Of no use for me.
Mine arrived cracked on the bottom - i contacted amazon customer service who told me to discard the broken item , do not worry about sending it back and they will refund me. Fast forward 6 weeks later , now they are demanding i send it back or the refund will be reversed. Hello---i already discarded it. Not happy - will not be ordering from this brand / seller again.
Still haven't gotten it and it was supposed to arrive over 2 weeks ago
When I received this item, I tried on- had to reposition. Second attempt to reposition all of the stickiness was gone and literally rolled off of my skin. Don't be fooled. It cannot work for large chested woman.
This comforter was too good to be true. Washed before first use out of the box and it was buttery soft, the perfect weight, and a great color. After use for only a month (probably washed 2-3 times total) the fabric is piling so much that it's impossible to sleep with it. It's no longer soft and will need to be thrown away. Super bummed about this purchase.
extremely week magnet. Won't hold at all
The felt on the bottom came off immediately. I won't use it on my wood floors.
Poor quality, did not hold up
I am a novice user so you can take that into account when reading this. I could not get the edges to stick. I have used siser and several other brands and not had issues like this. It was very pretty and cut well, but useless. I ruined a couple of shirts trying it out to make sure it was not user error. Will not purchase again.
Arrived completely trashed..box and easel..difficulty getting response for return and refund...so disappointed..really wanted that easel..it was to be a gift...
product looked like it fell off of the ups truck, was bent out of shape and out of square don't know what I am going to do with it.............
Bissell ending up sending 3 units when I first purchased the unit as the first two did not work. The third one worked great for about 14 months and then it just stopped working. The initial purchase price may make this look attractive but long term it is not worth it.
Mine arrived completely smashed and useless. Very unhappy with this item.
no instructions or package...its a cross stitching kit with supposedly everything in it but the surface is slighty sticky im assuming i just place them on their with no added glue just disappointed it came without a package or instructions and it seems like they will fall off easily
I did buy 1 of this kind and it worked well initially. So later i thought to buy more and bought another. But all of a sudden after some time, older one got leaks of liquid from bottom through batteries and created a mess around. Batteries reacted to liquid and was serious electrical hazard. It stops working in few months. It only lasts about 4 months max. I think any buyers to look into it and think twice before buying it. I also recommend seller to take down this product from selling off from market before it creates big problem.
When I think fresh pine scent, I think earthy and fresh. Like Colorado air. These smell like toothpaste. Yuck.
The product does nothing it claims to do. The weights in this blanket shift around. It is tedious to change the duvet covers. Biggest waste of money I have ever made.
I wanted to love this product. We have had the carpet and hardwood floor cleaner for several years. We get a new carpet cleaner that no longer cleaned hard floors. We got the Hoover floormate to make cleaning easier but it's been anything but easier. The floormate doesn't like dirt. This is even after I vacuum or sweep before I use the floormate and heaven forbid I ask it to clean a spot off the floor. Even with the tile and grout brush it cleans as good as spilling water on the floor and sucking up half of it. When you turn off the floormate it just keeps leaking water leaving a puddle of water waiting for you to slip and break your neck. I wish I was exaggerating but I'm not. I want to throw this in the trash because it's just more work cleaning up after it.
Broke during first use at the neck. Was trying to cut through a plastic lid. The neck bent and than broke off.
I opened 1 pillow, no support at all. I gave them all 4 away.....
Does not hod the count.
This mattress cover bunches up and makes the bed lumpy!!!
Ordered Dyson V11 torque, took forever to get so was excited when it came only to be disappointed and shocked that it was not what I paid for. The head or motor did not have LCD screen or battery life panel then double checked serial number and yes they sent me a V8 not the V!! but the wand (as in picture 3) says V11 Torque Drive. First two pics are what I should have received the third and forth pics are what I got. Sending back. Don't know what they were trying to pull.
This screen protector is NOT case friendly nor do the edges stick well at all! I followed the directions and each time I presses on my keyboard, I could hear the case trying to re-stick. I then put my very thin case on and the screen protector just popped off. Tried to then puch the screen protector down gently and it cracked. Worst $9 I spent on a screen protector.
I purchased 2 packages (1 dozen each) of these kitchen dish towels after reading all of the details and reviews. I washed them in my washing machine and double rinsed them...the amount of lint on the washing machine filter alone was unbelievable, never mind the amount on my dryer filter! After thoroughly drying 1 dozen towels I gave them a test drive...needless to say, they are NOT absorbent in any way. I would classify them as non-absorbent or repellent. The drinking glass and dish I attempted to dry was still wet and covered with copious amount of lint/fibres both inside and outside of the glass. The end result was similar to attempting to dry a glass using a synthetic or plastic cloth. I had to use an older dish towel from my stash to dry the glass and dish off and obtained superior results! I am very unhappy with these towels. I intended to send them back for a full refund however my husband informed me that it was too late to return them because of a 30 day return policy. The second package is still unopened, unwashed, unused. I was going to give the second package as a gift, but could not in good conscience unload these substandard towels on anyone. Not absorbent enough for rags either. What to do? DO NOT BUY THESE DISH TOWELS IF YOU ARE EXPECTING A SOFT, ABSORBENT COTTON DISH TOWEL! I am submitting this review so that it will prevent other potential buyers from wasting their money. I have cotton dish cloths at least 10 years old purchased at a discount store and they are more absorbent now at 10 yrs. old than these towels are new and pre-washed!
Seemed really easy for the pockets to rip.
Unfortunately on the whole top side of this pillow cover the stitching was coming apart right out of the packaging.
The bottles I received had been used. There was a water line at the bottom of each bottle. Plus the starfish ornaments where not attached to the bottles as shown. There was glue on the ropes on the bottles where you could tell that they once had been. Very disappointed! These were for my mom and I had them shipped directly to her. She was supposed to receive a nice gift but all she got was used merchandise.
Not worth the money. Target sells cheaper extra deep pocket sheets that are better quality
These soap dispensers are pretty but it doesn't hold up. I've used it for a month and I have to pull up on the pump in order to push down on it to get the soap out. Very frustrating! I would not purchase these again!
Cheap cheap looking. Never used.
This clock is defective.
Lanterns came in a damaged box with no O rings to hang them with or batteries. Contacted the manufacturer the same day and no response
Horrible quality. Copy of a picture, not a poster. Extremely disappointed in purchase.
They never shipped product out terrible customer service
I received this and didn't know what to do with it and still don't.
These bags didn't work for us. We tried to get all the air out but there was a leak in the seal every time.
I am EXTREMELY unhappy and wish I could give it zero stars. It burned my wall and my outlet. Thank god I took it out or it could have started a fire
The apron is cute. But the ties around the waist are very poor quality and one fell off during the 1st time I wore it. I cannot wear it without ties.
Plugged it in and it worked right away. Woke up and it had stopped working, tank was full and wouldn't restart. Don't buy!
Product was very dirty. Seemed like cutting oil and filings were still on wall brackets. Wall brackets were loose. Tried to tighten but they came apart and front rod fell off. Obviously returned but now have holes in the wall. Very Poor.
These did not work for us; would not stay on the ring.
It's a scam. Doesn't measure in inches. Definitely not Singer brand. Just a horrible knock off. Just a wasted dollar.
I obviously have a problem here. Placed out 2 weeks ago and not one moth found the trap. I am not happy.....What am I doing wrong?
This product was not as the picture showed!
I was happy with this product at first but over time they came apart at the seams.
The post says 25 sheets. I got 1 sheet. This is ridiculous!
Never received the item because I live in this jail cell CALIFORNIA where nothing is allowed.
I have purchased this cream before (not from this seller) I knew I would be getting a new pair of birkenstocks so went ahead and ordered this. I went to use it this morning and it's dried up.
All but one fell off the wall after about 2 weeks.
Item was what I expected but after using 1/2 the hangers began finding broken ones. Disappointing.
Didn't work. It worked the first time and after that I could not get the MacBook to recognize the HDMI for my monitor.
These broke immediately.
Not as efficient as I thought it would be.
Cheaply made, not worth the price
These stickers are all pulling from the wall within just hours of applying (I really, really sealed them down) which is a huge bummer because my kid was loving the design.
Disappointed. You can get a a larger quantity a Wal-Mart. These don't last long.
Dont waste your money. The timer is useless. Lights do not turn on when using timer and the few that do automatically reset to the candle flickering option. Tried using for christmas in the windows. Now I am stuck with this crap.
Does not come.with a power source. It has actually all ready broke. The box in which the power source is plugged into has fallen apart.
These are not rhinestones. They are hollow metal pieces. They do not sparkle or shine.
Product was broken when received
RECEIVED MY ORDER; ONE HOLDER WAS ALREADY BROKEN IN BOX. THEY ARE EXTREMELY FLIMSY AND CHEAP. FEELS LIKE YOU WOULD HAVE TO PHYSICALLY HOLD THE UNIT WHILE RETURNING THE BRUSH TO IT. NO ONE WANTS TO DO THAT!
Even thou it says it's water and stain resistant it's not. Not happy about this purchase and unfortunately can't return it.
I cannot really review this item because the one I recieved does not work. No steam was produced all it does is light up.
PIECE OF JUNK. Would not charge with rechargeable batteries and didn't last anytime at all with regular batteries
I thought when I opened the box how small these were and then I tried using them, used a few of them and each one kept breaking, so would not recommend for a Jade 35 embroidery machine. Sent back
It doesn't pick up anything. Waste of money. Through it out.
Expensive, heavy, spray. It does not clean grout or regular stains. You literally have to spray about a minute or two on a small tiny spec to get any results. Big waste of money, electricity, and effort. Your better off using a spray cleaner and a microfiber cloth
I did not realize these sheets were all polyester which I hate. So if you like poly- go for it. I did like the extra pillowcases they included and the fitted sheet has extra elastic to hold it on the mattress. However, I will be shipping them back.
They peeled off amazingly quickly. Doesn't work for us.
Yo I purchased this product and mother fuckers sent me rolling paper! Like that ain't cool. If I could put 0 stars I would! Tf, I'm stuck with 500 tips of rolling papers when I ordered crystals!!!
One button turns unit on, off, and controls soap volume. Only three volume settings. The lowest setting dispenses too much soap.....what a waste or soap. Probably okay if you use a low concentration soap. Thumbs down for function.
Returned...uncomfortable and the band that holds pillow onto leg/knee flimsy, just felt chincy
Not only were 2 of the candles broken, ALL of them had indents & were morphed. The wrapping sucked because it was very thin paper. Maybe that's why they melted in storage?
I order this laundry basket and it was delivered to me with no plastic connectors and I was unable to put it together. I was excited about getting the chance to organize my laundry room, but this was a complete disappointment. I will be returning this.
The covers look good on the furniture however will not stay in place. I replaced with a different brand.
Not impressed at all with these. I understand that when working with a natural product things will vary greatly, but I still expected something that looked comparable to the listing picture. The ones I got have a faint ring of blue at the edge, the rest is pure white. Well, except for the dried blue dye that's on the outside of the stone. They clearly took the best looking one from the bunch for the photo. Again, not impressed.
The soap dispenser tip broke. The inside did get rusty and it smelled bad.
Did not work when I took it out of the box and unfortunately I waited too long to get a refund
Ordered 5 of the 3 packs, unfortunately didn't read the reviews until I'd already ordered them and saw how terrible they were. Well, it's true! Didn't even get five skeins of yarn for ordering five quantities, instead got one three pack! Needless to say I'm returning and getting my money back. Don't waste your time or money with this.
I spent about an hour trying to connect to my wifi via WPS it connected fine and showed up on my wifi but when I put my wifi password in it would not except it. It over written with factory password . I am returning item.
You need an iron.......
I bought this thinking I'll use it to get corners of hardwood floors or hard to reach places. I don't have carpet so didn't need anything powerful. It quit working literally the 3rd time I used it!!! I was vacuuming a corner in my bedroom and it just stopped. I am so upset and dissapointed. Please don't waste your money.
Wow. I'm so disappointed. I received this today and wanted to assemble it so that it lays horizontally in order to put bins in the 3 storage spaces and use it for a tv stand for a small t.v. However, it can only be stood straight up because the 2 shelves in the middle are only held in place by plastic pins. You know, the ones where you just sit the shelves on them. This is going back!
Have had since Christmas and it has done nothing. Just a glass of water with white flakes at the bottom. I was excited about this purchase because it seemed really cool. I actually bought 2, one for me and one as a gift. I got no response from the gift receiver, although I never asked because I don't like it so I'm sure he doesn't either and just doesn't want to tell me.
Pretty pattern and good size but the zipper broke after one use. Bummer. Sending it back.
I ordered this product, never received it, when I inquired about it I had to ask office depot what happened, was told it was shipped back to their warehouse and that I would have to reorder it again. Not happy that I had stayed home 3 nights in a row waiting for it, not happy that I had to go back to reorder it and the real FROST POINT is they dropped the price on the product BUT added a $99.00 shipping fee, making the product $50.00 more in the end. What game is this. Well, guess what I can get the same thing from Wal-mart. which is who I should of went to in the first place.
I ordered these for a shower and they never came. They claimed they where sent to wrong address and returned. such a disappointment.
I did not receive the rotary cutter or the refill blades in my package. please send ASAP thank you
Did not like them were not soft so I sent them back.
I'm very dissapointed, I was looking forward to my first LED lighting to fancy up my new home. Unfortunately, after the 2nd of usage, half of the color strip won't change the light to what I want it to, while the other half will. This is frustrating since now there are two different lightings. Furthermore, when I attempt to turn the color to blue, one part is blue and the other half shuts off. Please advise on this issue if possible.
I have owned many similar products like this. This particular brand arrived today and I have to use a knife to open the lid because the hinge is so bent.
This is how it arrived. Returning it.
Cheaply made, batteries don't fit well, required tape, very obnoxious colors - flashes at times like a police car, a lot of blue and red. They lighting isn't consistent with Christmas, although I must say they look better before they're turned on.
I cannot recommend this clock due to the fact that my original order and the replacement had loose hands on one of the clocks...and there is no way to get to them to press them on the shaft. One of the glass faces was broken on my 1st order. Wish someone else made a similar set up with much better quality, I would order it immediately
This thing is a real piece of junk. Don't bother wasting your time or money on this model. I chose this one because of all the bells and whistles it came with. However, I should have paid closer attention to which model came with the most positive reviews. It does indeed heat up very quickly. After 10 minutes of warming up I put the tip to the word and it snapped off. Now the threading of the tip is stuck inside of the unit and I can't get them out. I tried using pliers but it seems that the threading is almost welded inside.
Doesn't fix any of the drains in my house.
And the ends around the drill holes are rough/sanded. Not sure why they look like they have been flattened from sanding on the ends. They needed to be polished or something to cover that up. Not pretty and will need a bigger spacer to cover this.
I had to return this item becuase it would not stop leaking water.
I sent a message saying it arrived cracked. I will send it back when you send me a new one!
Didn't like the item delivered! Wasn't true to size
Broke during the first use like everyone else commented. :(
It was not working at all. It makes squicky noise and nothing happens. I can't return it because I threw the box away >:( ugh
Didn't work with my Cricut Maker. Received it for Christmas and it was too late to return it 😕
Too thin , doesn't drape well, and doesn't look nice. Poor quality skirt
It doesn't feel like snow! It's hard and can easily poke you. Be careful when letting children use this because the plastic snow might hurt them!
I purchased this item with the hopes of using it in a small laundry room. Compared to others on the market, it seemed to be priced just right, especially considering it looked halfway decent. But considering its size, I knew it would have some limitations. Let's start by saying that, yes, this product did do what it is designed to do - after an hour of running in my kitchen I noticed some water had begun to form in the collector. Knowing that the product now worked as advertised I proceeded to unplug the dehumidifier from the wall so that I could move it to my laundry room; but when I touched the plug to remove it from the outlet, I was met with an unfortunately familiar feeling - the sensation of burning. I quickly removed the plug from the wall and allowed it to cool down for a half-hour before testing it again in the laundry room to see if the plug would heat up as it did in the kitchen. Now, mind you, I read through the reviews for this product beforehand and didn't notice anything of concern initially, but it was at this point that I looked back at the reviews again - and found that there were other instances of plugs getting too hot, burning, and melting. Now, the product had been plugged in again for all of five minutes, so I decided to see how the plug was faring this time around. Sure enough, the plug was SCORCHING HOT, even after just a few minutes. The smell of melting plastic filled the air, and my fingers were left slightly burned. Now, I beg of you, DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT - IT IS A FIRE HAZARD! Amazon, please cease to offer this defective hazardous product. I've never left a review before, and I've purchased hundreds of products on here - please, look at other dehumidifiers (as I am now doing) as this product undoubtedly has the potential to cause a fire, and thus potentially untold damage to both property and life.
Well, the tassle was falling apart when I took it out of the bag...a bit disappointed Update:just fell completely apart...
Sent me an opened box!!! I will be returning this.
We have literally struggled with this clock since we bought it. The display is far too bright and the shut off switch is difficult to maneuver, especially when you're trying to wake up while doing it. It's also located on the back of the clock instead of the top, along with a bunch of buttons to switch the time zone. If I could return it this late in the game, I would. Something simpler to turn off is so much easier all around.
Sheets paper thin disappointed would not recommend!
Didn't use it as it was just too heavy. Unlike the description.
Used it once. Put charger on. Never started again, junk
Broke after one use. Wish I could get my money back. Never buy this product. Ever.
These are very small!! I purchased them to hold my curtains back, which it what they say they will do, but they are way too small!! Waist of money!!
Very disappointed with how cheap these sheets are, I just put the sheets on the bed two nights ago and the sheets are tearing and literally falling apart. I will post pictures of what they currently look like. So disappointing after seeing so many amazing reviews, I think they began lacking on quality.
a very good fit for a smaller mattress set
This product was terrible from my personal experience. Would not stay stuck to wall. Kept rolling up and falling off. After two days it peeled off, rolled itself back up, and tore when I unraveled it. Very disappointing to my autistic son. Had to go buy posters from Walmart as substitutes.
Never opened these and unable to return to seller. Have only had for 20 days.
Beware, not a quality product. Developed holes in less than 30days of use.
THIN, thin, thin. wow. Nope, this is not a pad, it's a tissue paper topper. I don't know how I will get it back for credit as it was suctioned down into plastic. the box was about busting open when received to begin with.
Don't ever try doing what is pictured in the advertisement. You'll certainly injure yourself. I used the self adhesive hooks, and although it sticks to the surface fine, the piece that's attached with the hook fell off on all my hangings....and they were all very light. They fell off within 3 weeks of hanging. Don't bother to purchase!
i just got this item, but there is no instruction, how can i set up the desk?
I never received the item
It was way to big - bigger than I anticipated. I also got my finger caught in the latch when I tried to open it - huge turn off to me
You get what you pay for. This went straight into the trash. Garbage.
It took me 18 minutes to assemble this rack, and another 15 minutes to disassemble it so I could return it. Yes the wood is unfinished. Yes it's poorly sanded. Yes you have to assemble it yourself (even though the price seems more in line with an assembled product). But the worst part is that after you assemble it, you find that the wine bottles fall out. It is poorly designed, lacking any slope or way to keep the bottles from slipping out. My advice: save time and don't buy this. (Photo shows what's in the box. For the record, it did come with an allen wrench.)
received the covers but the cords that attach it are missing. Amazon said contact the company but they can not be found. Also warranty if: contact the company but it all goes back to Amazon.
This is NOT big! Gross overstatement. It's long enough for most pens and markers but the picture makes us look wider and as it fits more than it truly does. Not returning because I'll find a different use for it than I intended and it's too much hassle.
I've ordered a TON of these and this was 1st time I've had broken items and poor quality.
The product is not white. It is a very clear creamy color. Thank you for that.
Doesn't even close proper. Not air tight.
2 lights stopped working after 2 months, poor quality.
Wooden board was broken when I opened a package. Very useless.
Flimsy fabric. Threads barely holding it together. I took one look at the sheets and returned right away. These would not survive one washing.
Came cracked 😭 could I please be sent new ones?
Unit came in damage, box was scraped up on all sides, Unit outside grill bent and crack, bottom outside casing was dented in to the point you could not remove the front cover , also radiator fin damage bottom outside casing where bent in. Box was destroyed did not notice damage on unit till unit was out of box, there is no way to reuse this box , unit is 100 some pounds. do not order any large items from amazon, they expect you to rebox and ship back and then you have to reorder the product. DO NOT ORDER ANY LARGE ITEMS FROM AMAZON, YOUR ON YOUR OWN AND YOU HAVE REORDER AND PAY AGAIN.
Part of this order was delivered to my locked mailbox which was great but the majority of it was left by my garage door about 12' from my front door clearly visible from street for any thief to stop by & pick it up. The door bell was NOT rung to announce the delivery.
Cracked when I got it, opened the tray and it cracked in another area. No intructions
This is my 3 rd paint by numbers but it was my first bad experience. Not enough paint I had to buy like 3 different colors (mostly Brown). The quality was pretty low you still can see the numbers (thats probably why i ran out of paint).Also, the colors are not like on the picture at all(I attached photo). For the same price you can find better quality. **********UPDATE************ So, giving it 1 star because I purchased a pic frame 16 by 20 and......the pic won't fit. It is 16 in by 19.5 in. I am done. I will never order from this seller again and do not recommend.
Still waiting to recieve
Part of my order was broken have not received any discounts or credits?????
Just received my Prime order, 2 months after placing order. Product is NOT OEM. Has no markings that would indicate it is OEM, like the one I bought from another supplier. And, it is bent in spots. Don't waste your money.
Feels like sand paper.
Worthless product. Every time I press a clip to hold clothing, it breaks. One after the other. Total waste.
This came defected. Waste of money.
Not much fill. Euro Pillows slouch because the pillows are flimsy. Wish I could return.
The fan worked fine for 3 days, then promptly stopped working. When I turn the switch to either low or high, the blade locks into a single position. The batteries are fully charged and the indicator light is solid blue, but the fan is dead. Too bad I tossed the box after the second day or I'd return this piece of junk. Save your money and buy something else.
This product sucks. These arent decals at all they are STICKERS. I'm really upset about this.
The heater works but the end of the hose that attatches to the propane tank leaks. I am wasting propane and money on this junk heater. Can you send me a new supply hose? Thank you.
I never received this product!
Took 4 weeks to ship from China. It's not the classic paper poster. It's made out for some material. It DOES NOT fit a 24x36 poster frame. This poster is smaller. Total waste of money.
This vacuum broke after 3 months and we are only a 2 person household with no pets. Doesn't clean very well either. Purchased a new vacuum yesterday and it's amazing the stuff the Dyson didn't pick up... gross actually. Battery didn't last very long either when on Max setting to deep clean carpets. Not very happy considering the price!!
bought three of them.they all are leaking
Came with a stain. Cheaply made. Waste of money
Broke after a week of use.
Missing one part. Actually should have 6 connectors but I only got 5. So disappointed and waste of time. Have to wait for the other ones come
Absolutely garbage. Do not purchase
Horrible to put together.....
I read about the comfort of sleeping with a weighted blanket and decided to try it. I hated it! It felt oppressive and confining. I much prefer a down comforter, which is the opposite of a weighted blanket. The down comforter provides warmth without the weight. The weighted blanket requires strength to move, and there is very little warmth for all that exertion. The weighted blanket is not for me.
The back of the case where the ring sticks out just comes off and does not stay on
I have ordered from you several times and been very happy with the product and the way it was packaged....however this time I opened the box and my vinyl was in a plastic cover that was bunches up at one end and open on the other and vinyl was everywhere and most of the corners are bent up. Grant you, it's still usable but not happy with the way it was sent to me. Pics included.
Total piece of crap! There is no supporting bar at the mid point, so the rack has no horizontal stability. It falls apart every time I move it. The casters are also terrible quality. The bottom stretchers also pop out very easily. Literally, this rack makes me want to cuss every time I have to interact with it.
They break as soon as u use them. Not had one successful threading.
The product itself is just as it is shown in the photos. BUT I received it broken. Now I'll have to go through the hassle and delay of returning the broken one, waiting for a refund and re-ordering the product with high hopes that it doesn't come damaged. Again.
This is supposedly a higher capacity than original, but it definitely doesn't behave that way. Actually runs for less time than the old oem battery that it replaced.
Product is useless. Came broken and it has sharp edges, almost got cut!
Did not receive ordered item - I got a dolphin...?
Was completely damaged. Cheap and flimsy to begin with, but gashed and destroyed in delivery.
Pros- color and pattern were nice Cons- does not fit many styles- rounded arms exactly like picture were not accounted for. Seams were not close no matter how many times I rearranged Had pulls in the fabric upon purchase new. I overlooked since it would be against the wall. The pulls happened in the front and also had balling of material shedding within 5 days of very light use. I also overlooked a hole in the fabric in a seam in the same back corner but can see that that happens a lot from other reviews. Overall these are not useful and we decided to buy a new couch from ikea that is amazing! Storage, pull out sectional- the works! Merry Christmas to me.
It arrived in a bubble envelope in my mail box. When I opened it it was all bent. It should have came in a box.
Does not look like the picture at all (at least 3 times smaller in real life). On top of that, everything inside is extremely cheap stuff.
Came in turn box with no instructions and even after fluffing forever it still has many blank spots not worth it would not recommend at all.
Dog hates them and pulled them off within 5 mins (she was able to undo the velcro strap). Though honestly I'm not sure there's a dog boot that exists that she wouldn't hate so maybe it's not their fault.
It's big, bulky and uncomfortable. Very disappointing.
Hate it. In the cricket one you can hear a train in the background drives me nuts
To pricey for the quality of the item
The trash can is exactly what I wanted, but the toilet brush was missing the handle.
Horrible product! Dried up after the first use. I will NOT recommend to buy!!!
Bottles don't indicate color and only received two colors
I have Amazon Prime and I should have gotten this on Saturday. Now I'm being notified that I won't even get it today!
Very disappointed with the quality.
I just received this product today and it's been used. The inside has crumbs all over the bottom and the steel inside is stained
DO NOT BUY!!!! These are horrible! They arrived damaged and both boxes were bent/smashed as if something heavy had been set on top of them. One box lid was even busted through (see pic)! This is the way they arrived. I'm so frustrated that I wasted my money. It's not even worth the cost of return shipping to send them back, so I'm just out the cost! I can't use them and I can't return them!!! Unacceptable!!! Amazon should not allow junk like this to be sold without any protection for the buyer! It makes me second guess buying anything from Amazon AGAIN!!!
Comforter is not what you think and needs the padding added to it. Picture is deceiving. When I contacted seller there was no response back.
Very cheap material. Nearly tore during first use.
First- it's LOUD. I mean it's really loud. Can't talk on a phone and have it in the same room. WiFi connection drops allll the time and it bangs into things constantly. I bought it right before i moved to a different country or i would try to return. I guess you get what you pay for!
One set of wheels missing on this item. Please send replacement.
I ordered these 6 boxes, but only one was delivered. I contacted seller, and it said that it could not send me the other 5 boxes because Amazon did the delivery. Amazon did not respond to my request to get the other 5 boxes that were not delivered. I ended up having to return the single box, because one box should not cost this much. A month later I looked at this listing, and it still indicated that it was for 6 boxes. Foolishly, I tried to reorder, and again only 1 of the 6 boxes was delivered. Too much hassle with this seller.
These shrink a lot and the fitted sheet has already ripped in the corner. Now the window to return has passed. Have had these for 2/4 months only. Not worth it. Would like my money back.
I specifically ordered from this merchant because I needed an item delivered by the promised date. It was not delivered on time so I no longer needed the item. Very disappointing b/c I relied on the vendor's promised shipment date.
The sprayer didn't work at all, only air came out even when it was completely full of water.
Used product has been sent.
This no longer comes with gift boxes as marketed! I'm very disappointed as I have ordered many of them, and the gift boxes were beautiful, and was not told of the change. These come in cardboard boxes now.
Unable to stop the date and time from intermittently switching back and forth with each other. Must reset the alarm time Sunday after switching it to off on Friday. Crappy alarm.
THOUGTH THEY LONGER IN ADD DO NOT NEED 24 WASH CLOTHES LIVE ALONE
The designs to use came up looking like blobs. VERY DISAPPOINTED. The you tube videos they suggested the buyer to watch; NOT AVAILABLE
From the description "Removable patch" I assumed it meant velcro backed but NO VELCRO!!!!. Patch is cool and as a disabled veteran with a service dog, I like the patch.
I was suppose to get a pack of two and only got one
not recommended with pets or kids because of all the pebbles and rocks, also only one hole for incense and this buddha head fell off too lol
Cheap and falling apart. The instructions were vague and this item did not hold up.
Didn't work, I bought as a gag gift and the gag was on me ,, it didn't work , I felt awful.
poorly made, and why didn't it come with a pillow as the picture shows...
I had the previous model of this clock which synchronized and did everything well. Over time, the lights in the projection went out. I loved the clock so bought this one. It will not self set (despite being in the same location as its predecessor and projects upside down). Buy it only if you want an expensive clock that faces the wall.
The part through which soap dispenses just came off. Very poor quality product
stopped working after a few months, cant figure out how to contact company for warrenty. turns on then right back off. waste of money.
worst thing I ever bought. When you turn it on about 30 second (small water holder) and as the water boils it spits it out. Someone is going to get burned and get rich from this piece of dung. Not worth the price to send it back!
Never worked. I bought this for a trip to Europe and when we got there it didn't work. Tried it again when we got home and still didn't work. Garbage.
Waste of money doesnt fit well on my phone is all loose
If you are in the United States. The fittings are B.S.P."(British Standard Pipe) , you need an adapter to use in the US and people don't have them. I am going to throw away and by US Unit. So Sad, appears to be a well made unit. Purchased over a year ago when moving and just unboxed to use to late to try to return.
Item never arrived, so disappointed in Amazon & seller
Pilot light lights and stays on for 20 minutes. Burner lights for 2 seconds and goes out. The front screws stripped using 2 fingers and a screw driver. My health prevented me from installing it when I bought it or I would send it back.
The blanket is currently covered in tiny fuzz balls, not being used, after washing. I would not recommend buying this product.
The package is EMPTY
Thin and the tip was hard so you couldn't really draw anything detailed.
This looks nothing like the picture. Instead of the pretty, soft color pictured it is a garish turquoise color
Inexpensive quality, very lightweight.
After less then 1 year, this tree turned yellow. It was stored inside its original package and we just took it out to decorate it for Christmas and discovered it had yellowed and is no longer totally white. We have other trees that we have stored in their original packaging/boxes and this hasn't happened to them.
Would leave a no star if I could because I was charged for these beads and never received them. Apparently they were “lost” in the mail. This isn't the first time this has happened either. #fraud
handle is flimsy and it won't stay telescoped out
The ring holder is so large it's the size of a desert plate and a ring can only get 1/2 down the holder.
The rod has rust spotted from one end to the other. It started to rust after about 2 months and just got worse. It's rusted over enough that it's really obvious and ugly. We bought a better bar from hopefully a better manufacturer. This was a waste of money and metal, sad to see it going to the landfill so trying to find something else to use it for.
Extremely bad product, it does not work, do not buy it. it's nothing they say
Super good Price to catch your eye while scrolling, but DO NOT order from this seller, they canceled my order because I acquired about my tracking number and location of item... instead of addressing my issue, they just refunded my money...Terrible way to do business...
Batteries died in candles after two uses. Very disappointed. Would not recommend
This wasn't as pictured.
These are not free shipping just so that everybody is aware. They will tell you that it is and then charge you eight dollars. Save your time and go with Amazon direct ship not shipments from China
These are a nice color but not that soft. They don't keep me cool like a normal pillow case.. haven't noticed a difference in hair breakage..I really don't like the texture of these pillows as they feel rough and waxy like. Wouldn't recommend
Did not last long at all. It started changing the time on its own.
Terrible investment. Does not work
Exactly as described except mine arrived broken, this was supposed to be for a gift so I'm a bit disappointed.
Doesn't even put any moisture in the air. It goes straight to the ground and soaks the floor all around it.
This is wood or cardboard. Does not look like marble at all
One if the cover tore at the side of zipper!
I bought this back in Jan of this year and finally got to use it when installing 2 new Black Berkey filters. That's when I realized how overpriced this item was. Thank goodness I am pretty good at fixing things and devising solutions to problems. Basically, fixing other people's/companies' poor/cheap designs. After figuring out the right way to assemble this pump, I used it on the first new filter. All I got was a lot of air mixed with some water. I thought at first that this was just the air contained in the new filter element that was being "expelled" and replaced by water. After a time, I realized this was not right and looked for the problem. About this time, the plastic tube between the plastic filter adapter and the one-way inlet valve came off of the valve and would not reseal. To fix this, I resorted to a small spring clamp, that you operate with pliers, to fit around and seal the tube to the valve. On the next try, I was still sucking air, so I looked for another problem. This time, after completely submerging the filter in water past the plastic adapter, I discovered that it was the adapter leaking air around the threads. No matter how tight I got the fitting, It still sucked air. I solved this by wrapping some teflon tape around the threads on the filter and the problem was solved. My take away....this is a high priced, poorly designed device and Berkey should redesign and upgrade it. How??? Pre-assemble these using longer tubes and spring clamps on the one-way valves. OUT of space to continue!!!
The color and fit are perfect. The quality, however, was a serious letdown. It tore within five minutes of being on the bed.
Stopped working / very small Very small in size making it impossible to see from even 1 house away. Also packed them very securely but even with all the effort they do not work one year later :(
fall down all the time， really disappoint
I purchased it, and the price changed at checkout like 4$ more, it charged for the same thing.
Boo. As far as longevity, I cannot attest because I just received these today. But as far as the color description, a whole lot of nope. I ordered the Dark Gray. Check out my pictures on my dark gray linen ottoman. Yeah. Unless I was sent the wrong color, these are a bust.
Went to use these for the first time and my u.s. 6 is snagging the yarn. There is a crack toward the tip of the wooden needle.
I ordered the battery charger but got just a battery instead. Please I would like to replace the battery for the battery charger! Please let me know what I should do to return the battery.
I never received my shipment it was returned some how with no explanation and I never received a refund nor the item. I want my money back for an item that I never received
I like the size-but it is not a mini glue gun. It is not the large but it is not the small-medium sized. like the color-but did not realize mini did not accept mini size glue sticks. It has the larger sticks with it and I bought a case of the mini glue sticks. tried a mini and it did not feed
They kept on rescheduling the delivery date and at last It was canceled 1 day before I expected to have it so nagging 😡
Several months later and they still haven't relaxed. Look and feel cheap. Snag easy. You get what you pay for here.
I never received it!!
This is the 3rd damn time I order a replacement and it's still coming broken! I literally just opened the box, put the battery and the pointers (whatever you call them), don't stick to their location, they fall down! This has been a very bad experience
Was very happy with this product......for two weeks. Faulty pilot or so it would seem, would be of great help if the seller would return emails or phone calls. 2 weeks trying to get a response and that's after two weeks of redoing, rechecking gas lines, supplies .....extremely frustrated and this seller should be banned from selling.
Item arrived with stitching at the top of the pillow completely undone. Item is not returnable. complete waste of money. thank you Amazon.
Item arrived damaged.
This item is very sturdy, however, the drawers do NOT stay on track, which is a HUGE pain, and it is very difficult to get them BACK On track once they fall off the track, especially if you are in a hurry. Pulling the drawers in and out slowly does not even help, as they are going to fall off the tracks no matter what. This is the worst product I have seen by Seville, and honestly, I expected better. The drawers are just about a centimeter too short for the tracks, so they are destined to fall. It would not be so bad if it was just one or two drawers with that problem, but it is ALL 10!!! I hate this product and I wish I never bought it. But now I have no choice but to use it, cuz I bought it, but it is a great source of aggravation. I do not recommend this product at all.
Bought these and they stuck for 3 days and then slowly one by one started to fall off. Decided to take them all down and when we did they left yellow marks on our nursery wall--tried scrubbing it off it has stained the paint. Paint would be a better choice than these stickers.
This was very hard to put together. I bought two of these. First one was missing pieces . the second the rod you hang clothes up has a flaw in the design. Its a metal rod that u attach to two plastic piece and the rod isnt long enough and the plastic too weak. Mine fell and broke the canvas below it and it only had childrens clothes on it. I do not recommend this one whatsoever.
Item arrived missing a very important part, the top of the dispenser
Just received this order yesterday. Took so long I had completely forgotten I ordered it. The bottles leaked. So disappointing. Will buy at the dollar store from now on.
super hard to assemble. bars keep falling a part, do not buy this is totally wasted of many and couldn't returned because it brakes while trying to put the bars together.
Horribly made.. The cloth basket is the worst I've ever seen. Do not purchase.
Never received the item - even after three months of waiting for shipment. Tried contacting the seller, and they're no longer with Amazon as a third-party seller. I'll be submitting a claim with my bank.
As soon as I opened the Amazon shipping bag a strong odor was released. I would describe it as a very unpleasant perfumey candy smell. I threw it away.
I was replacing a Rev -A-Shelf that we had used for years. This looked like a perfect replacement until I noticed it had no predrilled holes to attach a cabinet door. (the previous one did). It also is configured without a sharp 90 degree pie section that should snugly fit the door. I had to send it back. this is not a condemnation of Rev-A-Shelf, just this item. I went back and could not find a description which mentioned the two problems mentioned above on the listing.
Bought in March 2018 to replace one we'd happily used for several years. This one never worked right from the start. It was wired incorrectly, controllers worked on opposite sides of the bed so I had to wake my husband to turn my side up or down. We checked & rechecked to make sure controllers wires were not crossed, they weren't & cords were too short to switch controllers around. Then, the control box under the bed started making a high pitched whining noise intermittently that drove us crazy & kept us awake. I would not recommend & will not but another from Sunbeam!!
This pillow is only considered firm because it's basically empty! If I wanted that, I'd just bunch up an old t shirt and lay my head on that again. I returned it immediately. What a waste.
date to receive kept getting changed and I never received the item.
Flat and lumpy. I shoved this in the pillowcase though along with the one It was purchased to replace, and now the pillow is nice and fluffy.
They didn't even have an even seem. Quality was poor. Ended up returning them and got our $back.
Will not buy this product again. Will spend a few more dollars to buy real Pur water filters.
Don't waste your money
Don't order from this company. Never received and never refunded.
The company sent the wrong item and it wasn't even the right size
It is a bad quality amazon is getting worse and worse everyday
To suction was not all that it was not as powerful as I thought it would be and do my clean my car is good I still locked up going to a car wash to clean my car out
Doesn't work well tips easily if not balanced ... didn't last longer than 8 moths and I had to replace
These weren't sewn straight. They were a lot bigger then I had anticipated. I tried to iron to straighten them out and they still wouldn't work for my project.
It is passed return window but has only been used for 10 days on my chair and both dudes have ripped out. Don't waste your money
We used the Bissell twice and worked well. The third time no stream and isn't working anymore, Can't figure out, we cleaned the head and the hose. Invest in a different product.
Washed it and it got weird
no instructions on how to attach it . useless to me this way.
Two armchair covers that should have been same dimensions They were not!
This item is not what's pictured
Thin. Print only on one side, other side was white. Big disappointment.
Definitely not like the name brand. Will not wipe off cleanly.
Was terrible to put up and it barely sticks to the wall. Would not recommend.
Loved the way it looked. Went on great. HOWEVER, its intended purpose was for PRIVACY (as it is advertised). Apparently don't purchase a "pattern" design as in the LEMON CLOUD 3D as outsiders can still see in through the clear part of the flower design. Therefore, since it is being marketed as 'PRIVACY' window film, I would not recommend this particular pattern, but good to keep in mind if you are purchasing any type of "design" versus a solid color as silver or black.
There is nothing about these hangers that I liked. The clips were difficult to open and attach and were difficult to move once they were clipped on. If I tried to move them, they scraped off the "velvet".
The plastic piece that snaps the hanger closed is extremely brittle and breaks very easily, rendering the hanger useless. Cannot recommend.
The peanut butter cups look old or as If they were frozen. Funny color in the middle.
My box had 2 bottles of black and 2 bottles of white. NOT 12 different colors as pictured. It is too late to order a different set for my event so I have to use what was sent. False advertisement. One of the "answered questions" was if they were all different colors. One answer was yes.-all different. Another said 2 blacks 2 whites. I hoped I would receive the all 12 different as the picture showed. I didn't. Sad
Product was poorly made. Stitching overlapped cloud decal. I'm very disappointed in this product. I wanted to return it but never heard Back from the seller
It works well enough for a broom. Strong bristles and good in corners. I have 3 German Shepherds and it does a pretty good job of collecting the fur, although you will have to pull the fur from the bristles from time to time. My big complaint with the broom is that it ultimately failed me after a month or so. The head felt a little wobbly the other day so I thought I'd try to screw it in better, but t the handle came detached from the head. The plastic screw that joins the handle and head broke off and is now stuck in the head. I used needle-nosed pliers to try and get the plastic screw-part out in hopes that I could use a different handle, but it ended up being a fruitless endeavor as it is indeed stuck in the head.
Doesn't keep time. CHEAP
This product was the fakest looking thing ever! Such a waste of money. The logs looked like cheap plastic they weren't as big as described at all. Anyone wanting to buy this don't listen to the good reviews they are wrong. I'm getting my money back for these!
Literally fell apart within hours of being hung. To its credit it looked nice for about an hour.
I WROTE ON NUMEROUS OCCASIONS NOW STUCK WITH THIS USELESS CRAP. COLLECTIONS HAS CHEAP QUALITY.
I received this pillow and was very excited to take it on my trip over seas. When I pulled it out of the package was displeased by the smell and then was glad to see I could wash the sleeve. I washed the sleeve and now it is completely impossible to zip it back up. I've tried every possible position and this is simply not possible. The zipper is cheaply made and I would Unfortunately not recommend this product.
3D illusion is right...but what they should say is that is 2D.
And this wasn't it. Not the same consistency (the containers I received contained a liquid, not a gel), and didn't work at all. Real Advion Ant Gel is very effective, though!
Sorry to say but I didn't use it the machine as yet
The seller claimed I got this item delivered. yeah it made it to the United States, but it has Not been delivered to me and they have yet to contact me about why!?!?!?
My stuff was delivered with other packages and everything came but my stencil paper
It's very pretty. However it rarely works. We have resorted to "tapping" it to get it to work. When we tapped it tonight, the glad around the bottom shattered. I've contacted the seller for a refund as we've had it since 9 APR
Instead of a pack of 6 bags 40" long, I was sent one bag 47" long!
These were never delivered, therefore we could not give them to our child on Christmas. This needs to he corrected ASAP!
Very poor quality. I'm returning them
They were two different sizes. Disappointed. Shipping was about 15 days...which is good.
Does not charge at all. Mount is also flimsy. Can easily pull it out. The charging base only lights up.
didn't stay running long enough to know how well it would have kept time. Tried both the battery and then the ac power adapter and the results were the same. The vendor was understanding and made it right.
I received a 20in. Pleated shade . Not curtains . As ordered .
If you purchase this product, make sure you check them immediately. I purchased these frames to use once I moved to my new place. Unfortunately I opened the box only to find the glass on each frame broken. As it was 30 days after the purchase, I'm stuck with a bunch of broken glass. Buying glass frames on-line probably wasn't the smartest thing to do.
If I could I would give it a 0. water leaks from the bottom, so it soaks what ever is beneath it.
Lasted a year and broke right at the attachment point. I guess I'll buy another since I don't need a new vac yet.....
Don't waste your money. These are all faded, blurry, and poorly printed.
Very good concept but the quality is definitely lacking. The ring got loose within a month and the magnetic backing plate is also coming loose. The ring is still usable to hold the phone in your hand but it will no longer hold the phone up as a kickstand.
hunk of junk they don't hold up
Thus product is huge!! Big mistake ordering it. Difficult to put together, several pieces!!!! And where do you put it to use it!? It's huge!!!
Can barely see the design
Not sure this is the patented Ringer. It scratched my cast iron pans and I was concerned. I compared it to my friends Ringer and they are slightly different. Right down to the ring. My Ring is not labeled as the true Ringer. And I looked into the seller, not sold by the Ringer as the site suggests. You click on the seller 'Ringer' and it brings you to a different seller confirming my concern with this not being the right product. Grrr
I almost threw it away I thought it was stuffing in box
If I could give no stars I would. Paper thin. Not even in a horseshoe "u" shape. Looked like hammered out flattened re-bar. Horrible! Was supposed to be given as a gift. No way! You couldn't even hold it without getting your hand covered in rust powder.
When I received the item the zipper was already broken. Very unhappy with the product - I don't even want a replacement.
The air movement caused within operating shower causes this curtain to constantly flurry into your body and will not adhere to shower services to keep water in the shower are. Useless, except if you want to use it as a dress in the shower!
This product arrived damaged in more than one area and was missing the USB charging cable. Obviously this company does not check product before sending.
IT DID NOT WORK. ENOUGH SAID
This is an extremely uncomfortable pillow. It offers no back support whatsoever while leaning against it. It makes trying to read or with tv most unpleasant, and reading is supposed to be the point of this item. In fact, it makes the back sink inward, creating a backache. It's useless to me. I only wish I'd thought of retuning it sooner (I don't use it everyday and I wanted to give it a fair chance). Now that the return window has closed I'm stuck with this giant, mushy pillow that I have nowhere to store and have no use for. I wish I could send it back.
This clock is cute, but absolutely cheap garbage. Ticking is very loud; I can hear it from across the room. Battery compartment cover barely engages.......
Very unstable. Can not put anything of any weight over 2 pounds
Smaller than described and one arrived broken. Unfortunately we were on vacation at the time so I can not return them.
I washed these sheets before using them, and found that they had dyed two white dish towels bright pink. I've never had this problem with inexpensive microfiber sheets before. Second washing they were still bleeding a lot of dye and I wonder had used them would the dye have stained us! The color is dull too, not bright like it looks in the photo. I have three sets of the Mellanni sheets and they have been great, soft and colorfast. I wish Amazon still carried them. Similar price; much better quality. Sending them back. Amazon makes it easy, fortunately.
The material is thin and not waterproof. The material sticks to my dog's paws when he gets up from the sofa. Spend the extra $5.00 and buy a better quality cover
Product came without half of one of the poles to hold up the shelves. When I contacted customer service, they told me they couldn't send the missing part and I would need to return the whole (heavy item), then submit a new order. They also couldn't guarantee that I would receive the correct piece even if I did so.
The price was good and I received the frames quickly but it was not glass as advertised. Instead of glass it was a cheap material, that looked slightly buckled and my photograph did not lay flat. I returned it for a prompt refund.
Terrible! I have replace this fan three times within 60 days! The first fans and not even last 48 hours. The second one they sent as a replacement stopped working the minute I unplugged it. I left it turned on and plugged it in and about 30 minutes later at miraculously started spinning really slow. I thought because it was industrial grade it would last long. But this fan from this company is a POS! I contacted Amazon and it was out of the refund . So now I am stuck with the fan that I can't turn on and off. Lesson learned!
it's scorched very easily and I would never buy another one. For I do a lot of ironing for my grandchildren and this was scorched within the first week that I bought it.
Wishing at this point that I would've taken a moment to read the reviews. Needless to say the zipper is cheap AF, and of the fabric tour at the seam real easily.
After 5 minutes of using it, the sharp tip broke off at the pole. Not sturdy or reliable
The chemical smell is awful. It burns my eyes and is extremely irritating towards a asthma. Even after fluffing in the dryer and leaving set out for 24 hours the smell has not dissipated at all.
I only purchased these for decor on my bed but after you fluff them they don't look full at all and they look lumpy. I regret this purchase and would not recommend if you like full looking pillows.
Buy this item if you want pillow with mold!👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻 Smells horrible. Mold on pillow and zip broken!!!! I will not recommend!!!!
this is too heavy for me.There is a huge faint scratch like a big X on it which really messes with my OCD, it was so close to being perfect. Ughhh But idk if it's worth going through the process of sending it back. It was a lot of work getting it into my room. I'm really sad.
Not the wall mount for the V7 Trigger
The candle doesn't smell at all. I'm very disappointed with the purchase.
Hands did not fit properly on clock shaft, especially the minute hand. It has a rectangular hole instead of a round hole. I ruined both clock hands trying to force them on and had to throw the whole thing away. WASTE OF MONEY!
It was only plugged up for 2 seconds before it started sparking everywhere and burned the tip of the applicator tool. If I could give less than one star I would.
Pillow had no support, went flat as soon as you used it. Would not order it again
This heater is terrible. It doesn't have a fan so it takes forever to heat up a room and it smells like oil. I've had it for a few months and I regret it.
I can not give a good review due to not receiving my order. It was damaged and returned to the sender. I was told I would receive a refund and still have yet to receive it. I will update this if the refund is received in a timely manner.
I received empty boxes with no product in them!
Loved that it looked nice, it was snug. Nice color too. The styro never stayed in place, they pooped out when you sat down a few times. 3 days after putting it on it got a snag and made holes. I was going to buy one for my loveseat, even had it in the cart, but not now. I wasted 38 bucks on something for the trash. I'm disappointed. This will be ok if you don't have kids, dogs. And watch anything on your clothing that may snag, like belts or rivets.
This pillow smells like the inside of an old gym shoe. Bought this for a new apartment and didn't use it until the return date was past, would have sent it back. Really sorry I spent so much on something unusable.
This alarm barely vibrates and the instruction to set the time and the alarm are way too complicated. It really is an awful product. Going straight to the trash.
The amazon box was fine. The box inside was torn at one end and the shelf was loose inside. There is rust on the metal and a chip on one side of the self. I would really like this piece to complement my entryway bench, but I can not accept all these issues together for the money. I hope I can exchange it for one without damage.
I had high hopes for these. I followed the instructions and gave all the plates 24hrs to dry. All but one holder had lifted off the plates by the end of the 24hrs. I ended up using 3M double sided tape to stick them on which has been working for 3 months.
When the package came the rug was paper thin and already started to shed. As soon as I put it down it looked like a put a piece of paper with fur on the floor and was not at all what I expected. I thought that it would be more of a fluffy rug than a thin sheet of fur. This was not at all what I expected.
I thought it was fabric feels like plastic
the drawing on it doesnt look much like a tortilla but rather dirt. using as beach blankets instead. terrible quality.
This shower curtain was extremely disappointing. The "fabric" felt more like a shower curtain liner. I don't know what this synthetic is but it doesn't even feel like a fabric. Other reviews mentioned vibrant colors but not in this case. I am disappointed in Amazon calling this one of their "best" - I feel taken advantage of - now I must pay $5.99 in return shipping charges on an inferior product they endorse.
The product looks nothing like the picture
I have bought a number of these vacuums. This one I bought in April 2018. It stopped turning on completely in late July 2018. Had it looked at and it's not the switch. I'm also out of the return window apparently. So that's fun!
Horrible!!! Came missing so many screws that the hardware fell right off after unwrapping it!!!
This air mattress was great the first time it was used. I've had it for 1 month now and it's been used only a handful of times and it leaks air to the point of being deflated. I'm very disappointed in this purchase
Arrived damaged. Part of the bottom of the picture didn't even exist...cheap particleboard. I didn't want the headache and hassle of returning (who has time for that??), so I sanded down the bottom as best I could, adding to the distressed look. It's a cute sign; it just shouldn't be made out of cheap crap.
Too big, can't return for some reason. Wish measurements were accurate.
I liked it at first. However, within two weeks it wouldn't inflate anymore.
Horrible im pretty sure i was sent a used one the box was sticky and the shaver it self was dirty it's very loud and after about 20 of trying to de fuzz my sweater i got no where I would love my money back the blades are very dull and when you open it up where the blades are they fall out i have had other one's and the blades didn't fall out I have had cheaper one's before that worked great i wouldn't waist my money
I orders this 8 November and it is now 11 January and still no product. I have sent an email twice and have received no answer from the seller.
Returned to seller before delivery. Said that it was damaged.
I'd like to review on the durability and quality of this item, but I can't because I have to send it back. I ordered a black incense coffin and received a very light brown(not even a dark brown that could technically pass as black). If I could, I'd contact the seller about this, but there's no contact information whatsoever, so I simply have to return it for a refund. I was really eager to start burning some incense today, but I guess I have to just order another one from a different seller.
These pillows seem adequate, but I spent a little more, hoping for better quality, so was expecting a firmer, less lumpy pillow. These are difficult to properly fluff, so tend to lump up. They are ok, but should have been about half the price. **Update... In response to my 3 star review, I was offered $40 to remove it. Very disappointed with this product & transaction. Changing my review to one star.
Doesn't fit well Like the description, but it's ok
I'm very unhappy with this product, I recieved only 2 types of stickers, whales and sayings. I was expecting flowers and tropical stickers as that's what the description said. Very poor purchase.
Pretty cheap and not helpful at all. Level was also not actually level - it was off enough that you could tell. Ended up returning.
Waste of money! I bought 2 sets, for myself & my mom. They are really cute (although covered with Chinese lettering), but don't really smell, even when shaken to activate. These are the least fragrant sachets I've ever bought. I was tremendously disappointed. Don't waste your money!
One time use and the brushes dry up. Good starters
this zipper broke after the first time i washed it. i reached out about a replacement and heard nothing. if the quality was better and lasted, it would have been fine. i just wish someone responded to me about it.
I have used this for maybe 2 months and it's already ripping and falling apart
The pad was very thin and didn't make any difference.
I haven't even had these for 2 weeks and the handle ripped. Don't waste your money.
The size was good, and fabric was nice but the stitching was awful, seems popped after having it for one hour.
The battery doesn't work well I returned this product
Had no scent whatsoever. It's also smaller than pictured
Beware! I ordered 1 pack that contains 15 wool dryer balls. What I got today was ONE ball that appears to be a tennis ball inside a thin layer of wool.
Order 2 sets. Same color, SAGE. 2 totally different colors were sent. How do you mess that up?
They kept falling apart
They're small! Extremely small
The versa tool does not heat up properly, and these stamps do not leave a clean bold letter, even after applying pressure to tool. This is super disappointing and evidently these stamps are not eligible for return. Never again Walnut Hollow.
It didn't work. I have a clothing moth problem. I can see the moths. Using the traps for at least 3 weeks, only 2 moths caught. The other brand I was using before Amazon jacked up the prices would have had a lot of them caught by this time.
They shipped the broken one to us
They arrived with grease on them still awaiting response from company
Received package, opened, washed once, has a hole.
Can't comment on the product because I never received it. Said it was delivered with my other items ordered but it was not. Had to call Amazon customer service to resolve.
The bags do not fit well in the vacuum cleaner (Eureka The Boss) resulting in debris discharging outside of the bag in the vacuum cleaner. May have been a bad batch of bags.
Don't waste your money and please consider another storage cover. My bag easily ripped just putting it onto the mattress! Yes, it was so flimsy and thin that it ripped when we slid over the mattress.
I bought the 3 hanging Wall Flower, but received the 2 hanging wall flower pots.
What a great idea. This product though, is made from plastic. It is reluctant to uncoil for use. Even when it is partially uncoiled as soon as you attempt to turn or spin it to clean the dust it will coil back up. It is kinds like a coil spring made from stiff plastic material. I attempted to uncoil for use and it just snapped. Great idea - POOR material for this purpose. DON'T purchase this one. I am trying another brand - different material next time.
Worked well since January. However after having the mop for 4 months it completely snapped in half right at the head of the mop. I would expect a mop to at least last a year. And would expect a mop to break where it did If you are looking for a long term solution I wouldn't recommend purchasing his mop.
Showed a comforter but only came with sheets and pillowcase also not great quality
Im not exactly sure who designed this but it's not thought out well the piece that holds the actual roll just broke off rendering it useless. It can't hold any sort of weight, total waste of money, if your thinking about it don't get it, take your money and buy something else. Total disappointment.
This is false advertising and the cooler does not work AT ALL. Would give it 0 Stars if I could.
I had it from June to November. When I took it down from the wall to reset for daylight savings time the hour hand went limp and couldn't be fixed.
i still have not recieved items
It came filled of pet hair and dirt and I had to throw it away being my kids are highly allergic. It smelled and was gross.
Bought the exact same package at the Dollar Tree for $1.00 a couple weeks after placing this order.
It arrived broken, I couldn't send it back because return window was closed.
The oil smell was overpowering.
Sadly I didn't receive this item. My mail carrier did NOT leave it in my mailbox as the tracking shows. I watched her deliver mail that day because I knew this was coming and worried it would be too big for the mailbox
I ordered this in March & have yet to receive this item and it's the end of May! VERY dissatisfied!!!
I have used this heat press for 9 months. The handle is warped. The top plate is loose and you can not tighten because the are some weird bolts. I'm not happy because now it looks like I will have to buy a new heat press!!
Maybe I got a bad can but it will not spray. I plan to return it.
The comforter arrived with a small stain, sort of like a print pattern transfer. We washed it before putting it on the bed, and the batting inside the comforter gathered as lumps. There is very little stitching to keep the batting in place. We have tried to smooth out the batting lumps with partial success. What's to keep the batting from lumping up even worse next time we wash it? Returning.
The mop is too heavy and hard to use I didn't like it.
Product was not true to size. Almost a full inch short.
Another broken set of LED lights. Starting to get a little bit pissed off
Was listed as a prime item. Took seven days to arrive. Didn't even ship for the first three. This is a third party vender.
The cutting edge is dull beyond belief and would not cut through a piece of carpet. I went through it with a bit of difficulty with regular scissors. I ordered these to make it easier on myself and paid for two day shipping. Waste of money.
Mine only came with three tips, the wheel, the three and the nine. No six. Also cannot pick up wax as there's no groove in the tips.
Purchased 1, 2 & 3 for my grandma daughter. The #2 doll came broken in 3 pieces. It was just delivered a few minutes ago.
misleading. Wanted to return but return shipping was over half the cost!
First out the package I notice an odor of chemicals. It then Melted under low heat, def not silicon. Def not food grade anything.
The frame is nearly impossible;e to put screws into, and the veneer is extremely thin and fragile. I really wouldn't recommend it
Not as expected very thing and see through
The large leaves all have a big hole in them due to incorrect cutting. I only noticed when I went to use and just missed the return window.
These did not foam/ lather like they said they would on the instructions. I think they might have been old. They didn't really do what they claim to do.
I bought these sheets a while back and we have thus washed and used them many times now. Although the pillow cases and flat sheet are fine, the fitted sheet has started pilling. This gives the sheet you sleep on top of a very scratchy feel, not comfy at all! My husband is not as bothered by it, but I do not find it acceptable. I will try to contact the seller and go from there. If you are looking for soft and comfortable and durability, do not buy these sheets....
Very cheap looking falling apart and way smaller in size than I expected
They shipped out my candles in a huge box with NO BUBBLEWRAP OR PADDING!!! I opened up a package of 100 damaged tea lights with wax everywhere. The carelessness is absolutely infuriating.
Was not the right size
Only had this produce a few months and it has completely stopped working. Now I'm out of my return window and out money. Bad product.
I hate giving bad reviews, but I am one of those people that are allergic to everything environmental and food and life - anyway, I was very excited to try this product for my bedroom because I love my apartment, but the only carpeting is of course in the bedroom and it smells musty with a terrible stench. I'm doubting the property manager is going to update it for me, so I bought this spray as I have been having chronic sinus infections since I moved there and I feel fine except after I've slept all night in that one room :( Got the spray yesterday and first things first, I smelled the product and it didn't have any funky scents or chemical smells at all, I really couldn't smell anything which was a huge plus. Then I lightly sprayed my walls then wiped them down good. I didn't even have to spray the walls directly/entirely after noticing that just using the paper towel that was moistened by wiping the walls down was also leaving the spray residue where applied. It dried instantly and seemed fine so I proceeded to lightly spray the carpet. About ten minutes after applying, lightly, to my carpet, I went to check on the room and it smelled like ammonia. Heavily. After the carpets dried, I put arm and hammer baking soda down and left it for a few hours. Vacuumed then wiped my walls down with another cleaner, but the ammonia smells prevails over all. This has destroyed my bedroom, honestly. I would take musty stench over ammonia any day and I'm worried I will become even more ill. So I think it's important for highly sensitive types like myself to be aware this can happen.
Purchased from Amazon in May of 2018, this clock worked satisfactorily for about six months. Subsequent to that, it began to lose the atomic signal and, for some odd reason, jump ahead a full hour. Resetting, or replacing the batteries and reinserting them, worked for only a short time. Then the same problems came up. Very poor performance, especially compared to Oregon Scientific atomic clocks that I have owned for about 20 years, which still work fine. Not recommended for purchase.
Not good quality at all!
the scent was OK, but not that clean eucalyptus smell that I wanted. Also, you can only burn them for two hours at a time. The wax melts so much in that time period that it will actually put the wick out.
I was sent the wrong product, can the seller please contact me???
Product was NOTHING like the photo! Instead of a cute gift bag I got huge grocery bags. Do not order this product for gift bags.
I check my mailbox and no package was delivered. Was here all day today and no deliveries
The dispenser fell apart after only 3 uses. The entire mechanism that lets the batter either come through or blocks the batter came apart. When I received it, the metal pin that holds the handle together was laying in the bottom of the box. I had to fix that prior to even using it the first time. Save your money, pass on this junk.
While we got this in pretty good timing the box was broken and all the beads were in a pile at the bottom of the bag.
This pillow is horribly hard and the "foam" that's inside is definitely not memory foam. I used this for work and only laid on it for about 2 hours and my neck was hurting for a week.
This wasn't what I expected
Squeegee never arrived.
It broke in less than a month. I had shirt on the top bar and pants on the second. The base just snapped in two.
Was very cheaply painted and the color doesn't match the picture
I like the clip itself, but the clip broke off the back of one of the roses within a week of receiving it. Having a broken arm, I really needed it to keep my jacket on my shoulder. I requested info about getting it replaced from both the seller and Amazon, but have heard crickets.
I got two of this heater and one got exploded in 20 days and the other after 33 days. I was able to return the first but not the second.
Very cheap. Meant to return, but set them aside and forgot....too late now. 😝
I don't like the product does not heat anything like you said
I got this for Christmas I was soo excited I started to use it rt away worked great on the first ball after that not so good, the yarn started to slip on every turn, it did nit matter how tight or loose my tension was, the yarn even got tangled up and it took me awhile to un tangle it.im so disappointed
The zipper was broken on the first one we received. Then on the second one it broke after one zipping. Cheap zipper and very disappointed little boy who loved it but cannot sleep in it because without a working zipper it doesn't work. We will be returning it again.
When item arrived hey were shipped. In a hin plastic envelope and two of the pens had leaked out agood deal of content my guess is they were crushed. But cant really tell because the are plastic and the seal must have had enough pressure to break for some reason. When I went into return or have items replace found them to be non returnable and no way to contact company. So now im stuck with a damage gift with out the color orange or purple. :(
the tabs on the back are almost impossible to lift to be able to place your photo inside. I used a screwdriver to pull them up for the cardboard backing to still be jammed in. my only option was to pull at the cardboard kick stand. with a gently tug the whole stand ripped off.
Doesn't work like you would expect it to. I can't get the thread to go into the eye of the needle. I tried several times and even broke the thread. Perhaps it was just the one needle that I tried. I will change the review if I find it was just the one needle.
This brush has one major designing problem. The handle and the brush head are almost in a line which makes it super hard to use. My hands easily felt tired after using it to brush for few seconds . So hard to believe this piece of junk would be selling for almost 10 bucks .
I was shocked at all the good reviews, what I received looks nothing like the picture. Very bad quality. Would not let me return.
Beautiful paper but the scent is barely noticeable. Bummer.
Tired of Chinese Stuff. FUCK That. GARBAGE. You waist up my time.
Despite the advertising, these are not helium grade. Bought for use for a birthday party, and they deflated in less than a couple of hours. Had to run and get replacement balloons before party started. Avoid these for helium and their advertising is not accurate. Very disappointed and stressful result for a party day.
I was told I'd receive an email for this product. I have yet to receive it and it has been over a week. I received one for a lawn care products immediately. But have yet to receive it for my iRobot.
One star for timeliness but Received empty package no sheets. WTF Utopia Deals?
This is garbage, it broke the first time I cleaned it with a soft brush. And it's just beyond the return date. I'm pretty pissed
This item is defective and Amazon won't let me return or exchange it. Save your money and don't buy this!
I will be returning this. It's smells like motor oil & it's slimy like motor oil. Tried the smallest size on the Clover Needle Felting Pen Style and it scratched/scraped some of the inside. Now it won't close properly (meaning the dots do not line up).
Very curious. This is a cute piece but arrived quite beaten up with the glass mirror broken. Back in March I returned it and Amazon issued a refund. Today it was back on my doorstep in a battered USPS envelope, zero bubble wrap, full of broken mirror pieces. Two QC stickers... no paperwork other than the return address on the envelope. What is going on?
Bought this as a gift and the lettering on the heart is rubbed off in spots can't give this as a gift now. What a royal waste of money! Now I have to go out and try to find a new gift in 4 days. So disappointed and angry!
Did not receive what I ordered. I ordered pin backs and got sent titanium alien gauges instead?! No option to return. Definitely DO NOT ORDER
Without even taking the curtains out of the package I realized they are a completely different curtain... wrong brand, pattern, color, ring color wasn't even right. Returned immediately.
Did not work straight out of packaging- I wish I had read more of the 1 stat reviews, even if it had worked it looked like poor quality and I doubt would have lasted long.
Ordered a silver metallic extra fine tip Received a silver metallic normal tip Sent a message to this seller 2 days ago hoping for some customer service or some sort of resolution and have yet to receive a reply.
Amazon screw up my orders again
I was disappointed. Yes, this was a thick towel but it was scratchy and rough. Not all what you would expect when you attempt to purchase a quality napkin.
I never received this product. They won't do anything about it.
I've been looking for this type of tree in stores like Michaels and Target where I have purchased them previously but haven't found any this year. I ordered three of these because they looked exactly like what I needed and they arrived today...very fast shipping. I was initially surprised at the weight of the box containing three pop-up tinsel trees because it was so light. I only opened one of the three boxes, also unexpectedly light, and the metal pole was much thinner than what I was expecting and the base, when assembled, was not as large as my other trees but I was still hopeful that it would be ok. Once I put the "tree" part on the post and pulled the tinsel part down, it didn't come to the floor and there was about 4 or 5 inches of pole showing as well as the entire base. I thought maybe it was hung up somewhere but it wasn't. In the picture, and also on my other trees like this, the entire base is covered. Overall, if you've ever purchased one of these from Target or Michaels, this one is considerably less substantial and maybe I opened the one defective tree of the three ordered. However, I am dissatisfied enough that I am returning all three and continuing my search in local stores.
This little trash can is so tiny. It will fit three wadded tissues. Not to mention the lid is so thin and sharp.. when you slide your hand or fingers in it can actually cut you. The rim is so sharp on min, I have a tiny paper like cut on my finger. So irritated and unhappy with this product.
Please do not buy this. They didn't give any user manual and also the screws are not appropriate. worthless product
Do not believe the good reviews. Have bought many MANY of these filter. This one does not fit and leaks.
Very upset with this product. It cleaned great for the two times I was able to use it. Then it snapped in half and that was $8 I wasted. Would not recommend. I have used the name brand cast iron brush before and I will be repurchasing that one.
Received the wrong item in my shipment. I have returned and ordered elsewhere.
Not effective. At all. Tried to modify it to make it effective and now I can't even return it for a refund. Do not waste your money.
Came is vac sealed bags and when opened expanded crooked and lumpy. Are not high quality pillows I think Wal-Mart's 2 dollar pillows are of better quality and more comfortable. Not worth 15.00 each. Will not recommended and will not order from this supplier again.
Very low quality battery compared to the original that came with the vacuum. Not worth the money and highly not recommended.
No quality , the manual is horrible, I am so mad that I just wanna throw these blinds in the trash , go to Home Depot and buy something with quality
Very weak, does not leave a scent.
This product was not working for me. It slows water down, and also hold everything. When I use foam hand soap, this product hold the bubble. You have to use more water to rinse the sink because water went down very slow. It made my sink more dirty. I have to throw away after one day use. Due to I throw two pieces away, I do not think I can return it. Waste money
Junk! 2 of these quit working properly in a 4 month period... just routine vacuuming once every week or so...
smells horrible. Smells like sewage. Gave my clothes sewage smell and I had to throw two (that I bought) away. I will never ever buy this again
Worst customer service ever. They take forever to respond and then it takes and eternity to ship. You receive little to no shipment tracking. Sad; I was looking forward to receiving this item in a timely manner for my summer trip hut didn't.
I was SO hoping that this was comparable to the Cricut weeding tool. NOT EVEN CLOSE!!! Don't waste your money. The end of the hook is more like a fishhook than a weeding tool. The Cricut version is VERY much worth the additional expense.
Piece of junk, didn't work. Amazon gave me a refund without having to send it back. Thanks Amazon!
Flimsy, hard to make it look perfect on your wall. Not as easy to install as the stock photos would have you believe. Asked for a refund and got no response.
The clear plastic piece on the front randomly cracked and now the vac doesn't work. It happened the day after the return window closed too so I'm stuck with a broken useless appliance.
Never received product
This would not hold my blow dryer and allow the door to close. I consider my dryer to be of average size. Threw the rack out
I want my money back. This is a fake seller! Clearly a home-printed label without any specifications besides the name and amount. Very dark colored oil. When I researched the address where it supposedly came from, it's a residence. What's going on here?! No stars for this! But I have to select at least one. Very disappointed!
lol these are whack, but u do get a lot for the price. I would not repurchase
The cake carrier arrived with a broken latch.
Arrived cracked in a lot of pieces, poor product packaging for delivery is the direct cause of item getting damaged during shipment!
Very disappointed I ordered this as a gift. I got a beard care kit in the mail. I dont even know how that happens. Now I have to give find a ups and mail this back before I can get my money...
I bought this to use under my desk at work.. I can barely feel it and it is right next to my feet..
Heart shaped rug is very cute and mine was well-made. Never received the mats and when brought up to Amazon they claim it was only The heart-shaped rug but the article actually says heart shaped rug and mats as well show the picture of all three.
Two of the six containers arrived broken and unusable. Outer box was not damaged, these appeared to have been broken prior to boxing. Seller was Amazon Warehouse Deals.
Very cute and works well ****edit: broke already, waste of money
The image quality is terrible. It is blurry and faded. Would not recommend.
This clock quit working after 71 days of use. No phones were charged, so no alarms went off. I was late for work! I hate being late. Do not buy.
Product came packaged well but does not work at all. It's defective. Tried 3 different brands of batteries then realized that soap was leaking into the batteries compartment. So frustrating. I just checked to see what the return policy is and it closed already :/ Do not buy.
Morons. I bought one of the 4 inch wide trays a month ago. It worked perfectly so I wanted to get a bunch. I selected the option to order 24 and they sent me 24 2 inch wide models.
It barely even blows. This product is trash.
Poor shipping. Not wrapped or packaged at all. Item was in a box and damaged when I received it. Going back...
At first i loved the product. Fast shipping. Easy to put together (although the directions were quirky and you obviously need some common sense when following these steps). All worked as expected. I knew based on research that these types of motors tend to get hot after an hour or so. But mine was so hot that i couldnt touch it, within maybe 20 minutes?? I put it aside, bc hey, it was working fine! Until day number 34. All of a sudden, it stopped turning. Dead. And of course it was after the 30day return window. Heed my warning, and dont dismiss the reviews like i did. Please save your money & spend just a little bit extra on quality. You'll save more in the long run. *im also going to mention, that i purchased a Char Broil rotisserie motor in Feb 2017 and it just died on me in September 2019. Its a little pricier to purchase the motor and stand separately or purchase a whole thing together, but its worth it! I wont go the cheaper route again!
Only buy this product if you just want a assortment of pretty colors. If you want actual potpourri aromas then buy something else. I opened all of these packages and NOT A SINGLE ONE produced an aroma, scent or smell of kind. I wish I could get my money back for false advertising. what a crappy product. STAY AWAY. If I could give a 1/2 star I would.
I ordered two of these and I only received one package.
The product came defective. I had to returned it and pay for the shipping.
I ordered this product thinking that I would get 4 ornaments as listed. However, I received only one ornament of the four that was advertised in the mail today.
Product never work at all would full refund
TL;DR: Save your money. Buy command hooks and metal rods if you are looking for a cheaper solution. Exactly after a month the holder broke. The curtain rod is metal, but the end-holders are pure PLASTIC. huh. I bought two and now I have to find command hooks to hold the metal rods in place.
Cheap, junk. Do not buy
Should be no stars...total garbage. Is not like what is displayed. When closed the clasps are not lined up in middle but on the outside and chain gets all kinked. Feels like it will break after only opening and closing the key 4 times.
Do not work as expected, I tried increasing essential oil proportion in the carrier oil, but I could not smell anything
The replacement filter did not fit into the compartment. I think the filter is just a hair too tall to fit. I clipped the ends of the two 'fins' in the back of the filter, thinking this would 'lower' it to fit. Nope, still couldn't close the filter compartment. Have to order the actual Kenmore brand to find one that 'fits'.
Unsatisfactory. I inflated it once. The next time it didn't work. Would not recommed.
Uh I received these gloves rather than the product I ordered.. I checked my tracking number and yep.. it matched.
Flimsy and low quality. Keeps blowing onto me when I take a shower 👎🏻
These things suck and not worth the money. Quit after 3 months. Junk, Junk, Junk. Tried 3 of them so far and all did the same thing. DO NOT BUY!!!!
It's a total bullshit... I'm surprised amazon will allow this kind of product to be marketed on their platform
its ORANGE on the inside and a cheap material . the box is ok. i didn't like it.
Difficult to dry, wore out very quickly, artificial fur lost softness fast.
NEVER RECEIVED IT! Thankfully, I got my money back!
Does not have much sucking power. Got it for litter box area and it struggles. Need to clean filter often.
Thin, cheap junk. Adding insult to injury, mine is pink, not red. Shipped from China - took weeks to arrive.
We were really excited about this heater when we first got it. It did exactly what we needed it to, however, it's not even 2 months old and it only blows cold air now. Brrrr
Package never even came in. Not worth waiting for at this point.
Poor quality, very hard to crochet with. Don't buy
Im very upset at this company... i ordered black sheer scarf... i ended up with white .. and I need them this weekend for the wedding... im so pissed off right now... i cant reorder and get the curtains in time, i have to go search and find them in a store... spend more money... on something thst I should have already had!!!
The only thing I liked about this item is how small it is. It quit working after using for one hour. Not working at all. Very frustrating
How difficult can an small clock be to operate? In this case, VERY DIFFICULT. The instructions are very brief and not that helpful. All I wanted was to set the time. However, you have to set the year, the date, the time, 24 or 12 hour, brightness, etc. All using two buttons. Once you go into the set mode, a bewildering series of codes flash at you. After a couple of frustrating house I gave up and returned it. I hated to because it really looked cool.
it looks good on the wall
Rust from car on concrete garage floor. Poured on generously, waited half hour and no change. I mean nothing. Can I give zero stars, because I got zero performance...
I never got it to work. I was very hopeful but returned it. It would go in a small circle beep and stop. The directions were for a remote but this did not have a remote and would not connect with my cell phone. I got it on sale
They were shipped in a lightly passed envelope. More than half were broken when delivered. The product is very cheap to begin with.
Does not stick properly to the kitchen sink as described
Am I have not received it yet it was sent back to Amazon by the mail lady because I do not want it at my address I was ordering It for my daughter that lives in Arizona along with his sheets unfortunately it was shipped-to the billing address because I put it on there somehow not intending to it supposed to be a different address
I wasted so much of this vinyl it doesn't cut well at all! I tried different settings on it but nothing helped. Just bad quality of vinyl
Only work as well as cheap dollar store pads and WILL SCRATCH!
IMPOSSIBLE TO STICK TO BOTTOM OF TUB
Very flimsy rack. Easy to assemble but totally useless for anything other than shirts.
Don't work. Clothes come out full of static.
i ordered and paid for a six piece set but only got a two piece set not to mention the delivery person called me and was very rude and impatient when trying to get the packages into my building on top of the fact that they were already a day late. super disappointing
Too many things wrong about it
We have had this 8 months, used three times, and it already has a leak that makes it unusable.
absolutely does not work.
I ordered 2 mirrors with a black frame. Liked them however the quality was terrible. The mirrors came with cardboard corner protectors in the packaging but it was stapled to the frame and as you can see the staples caused damage to the frame. There was also glue exposed in one of the mirrors but both mirrors had issues with the frame.
I purchased this product for work and it stopped working after less than 2 weeks
The absolute worst pearls ever. All were pale pink color, blemished and blister like. Dint of the coating came off. Looks like they spray painted fake pearls. Can't use any of them for jewlery. Wouldn't even put them in cages they look so bad. They're also small. Very disappointed and so were the kids. I would have given them no stars but didn't have that option.
the bar has separated from one of the hooks and there is no easy way to fix it I hope the vendor will send a free replacement - we shall see
I bought this for my son's minecraft room for christmas, we followed all the directions and made sure the wall was clean and dry, but didn't work at all! The decal repeatedly kept falling off, I rubbed it back onto the wall constantly and it just kept peeling until one dat it fell into a pile on my son's floor! It stuck to itself so I couldn't reuse it and had to throw it away! Don't waste your $20 it will not stay on the wall at all !
Very cheaply made! Does not at all look 3D. Very disappointed
Hard to install and doesn't stick
I was SO disappointed when this arrived!! I'd read so many great reviews before I finally decided to purchase this, but when it arrived, the box was a dirty mess that looked like it had already been opened and maybe repacked. The topper wasn't completely sealed in plastic and when I looked in, the smell was overpowering!! I didn't open it completely to even see if it had the gel swirl, was in one piece. or if the smell would dissipate. Back it goes!!!
Cheap plastic and design........put it in the junk drawer
I am not exactly sure why but this filter will not work with our machine. I tried on a second machine to verify and that one doesn't turn on either. I then tried a filter from a different brand and the machines turn on. We have 5 air purifiers in our house, so I am buying filters often. Unfortunately we are outside the return window. Don't buy.
keep sending me the wrong one over and over don't buy
Needed this item for my daughters wedding bouquet- Never sent item!!! I have to make bouquet on Friday! Very dissatisfied!
I hate this model. I have used vornado for years, was very happy, buy my old one broke and I replaced it with this thing. On really cold days, It wont heat the room It wont stay on (all the other previous models of Vornado I have purchased, did this just fine) the digital panel is not lit, so you cant read it without a flash light, so at night when it goes off - I cant get it to just stay on and keep the room warm- I have dig up a flash light to turn it back on. I hate this thing, and will most likely just throw it away and go to Consumer Report to see if they have a suggestion for a decent user friendly space heater. TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY!!!!!!!!!!!!! GRRRRRR.
this product just doesn't work....wish I could return it
I followed the directions and these still fell off within 2 hours. What I was using to hang them for was extremely light in weight, as well.
I'm frustrated with this product. It doesn't stay on the roll once you've used it, it unrolls frequently and I end up having to cut it off and waste a lot.
Bought the bread pillow for a gift for my daughter, received it in the mail today. The bread has a slice in it! The shipping packaging it self was not damaged. The undamaged part of the pillow itself looks nice. I can not gift this pillow with a slice in it. Not worth the price to ship it back to China. But the SELLER should make good and send me a new one.
The concept of the covers is a great idea. However, they are poorly designed and don't fit arm rests without sliding off with any minor touches. Too cheap to return.
horrible. leaked water everywhere. went to walmart to buy another. do not buy.
Junk ...already started chipping and breaking
I was not happy to see that the shelves were different sizes, and not cut straight.
Don't order. Shipping took a good month because it was on a voyage from China. Doesn't look at all like the picture. The design reminds me of a tie dye look made with urine and feces. The material feels like a giant microfiber towel.
Ordered home sweet home pillow and got a different one
Never get it loose my money and never resolved it
Not enough 3 packs, very bad and insulting
This vinyl was SO beyond cheap. Don't buy!!
This product did absolutely nothing. It didn't catch any fur what so ever (even when washing the dog blanket)
This product was slated as size twin XL. No way!!! It did not even come close. If you are planning to buy this for your college student DON'T It will never fit!!! Now I can't even return it.
Bought item, received a pillow, replacement product sent, still a pillow.
Don't buy to use with any drink that will sweat. They absorb water and warp, pretty as anything BUT coasters. For $2 more you can get real coasters
Ran for 15 seconds and then nuked itself
The mop head it too small. Metal scraps on floor.
I never received this item. It was “shipped” with my vacuum parts. I got the vacuum parts but not the pillows.
Would not chime so I'm sending it back to Amazon.
These are NOT deep pocket sheets!
The same item was sent to me twice.
oh dear me.... I have never regretted more wasting my money. this contraption was about $400 and is pretty much as useful as having your mother in law flapping her hands to cool you off. It's noisy, it's large, and it's useless. It's too late for me to return it. But please I beg you don't buy it. Whoever produced it should be ashamed for wasting resources.... they should apologize to the environment and then to me.
I will be the first to admit that I am not a professional, and all of this cricut cutting is new, but geeze! My birthday party is on Saturday, I'm making my own coozies. I thought I'd change it up from the white (that I had very good luck with...), so I started this vinyl tonight and I have yet to run a successful page. I saw in another review that it seems to have gotten too hot during shipping? I am assuming that this must be the case for this order too. I'm slowly making my way through the 12 pages to see if I can salvage any of it. The pages are all stuck together, and peeling back the clear film isn't even possible. I'm pretty disappointed, I guess this is what I get for waiting until the last minute. Grrrr...
Look really fake and are misshapen
Broke after a couple days
Ordered Two black and got bright purple.
Can't say what I Like about this item , bc it was never delivered
I ordered these invitations for my son's birthday. Instead, I received Mickey Mouse bags. I requested a return and was told the invites would be sent out. We again received Mickey Mouse bags rather than the invites. At this point it is too late to keep ordering the invites and send them out in time for his birthday. Very frustrating and disappointing.
I was blinging out a pair of converse sneakers. This is nothing more than a stick with wax on the end and not long into the process the wax fell off and the wouldn't stick to the stick. I don't recommend this for that kind of project. I wasted my money.
I'm giving them 1 star because they say on their manual to go to their site for missing or damaged parts but that doesn't exist and Amazon was no help in resolving this. If you order this make sure you have all the parts because otherwise the only solution is sending it back and getting another one. Also the material you put the shoes on doesn't feel very durable. But I suppose we'll see.
absolute piece of crap. Never again. i only gave a star because it was required but it does not deserve it.
Mirror came in broken. Hopefully the replacement doesn't come in broken as well.
Horrible product! I never want to say this about any product but this garland literally fell apart, crumbled as you took it out of the package. What didn't crumble slid off the thread. I've never seen anything like it before.
Cant get to stay even. I have taken off wall and predrilled holes always points wrong direction
When I ordered this product I was expecting a blanket that actually covered a twin sized bed what I received was a 24 inch by 24 inch blanket that my kids are now using for their pets because it would have cost me more then what I paid for it in return shipping.
I NEVER RECEIVED THE ITEM THAT I ORDERED AND PAID FOR!!!! Horrible company that I would encourage everyone NOT TO BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS COMPANY!!!!
You get what you pay for. One candle failed to illuminate and another one had a "sticky" on off switch that would not initially work. After moving it back and forth a few times it worked. Returned product.
I bought these for my mattress pad, however they were impossible to get on. My husband tried to life the mattress and when I put the straps on it ripped my mattress cover. Save yourself the aggravation as mine are still sitting in the box.
Ordered bunnies but received birds - not sure if it's worth returning
I chose this product after reading many reviews, the price was great, the product is a great quality but... I followed all instructions and repeated them numerous times and have tried these is various locations and it did not help with odor control at all. Not even a little bit. And of course I'm passed my return time so I'm stuck with them.
I have posted one review but it was no posted??????? I wonder why???? Do not buy this. It was not worth the money
This should not be on th market! If u slightly move it in any position other than vertical it shoots steam an boiling 🥵 water out ! I hav suffered 2nd degree burns. My whole foot would hav burned had I not been wearing sheepskin mules. I have not been able to wear boots anymore . we had a blizzard here with 7” of snow. This product should not b on th market! It's extremely dangerous!!!!
Used it 5 x and no longer works.
No power; wasted my money!
Item is great but I'm very upset that one of them came cracked. For the price I wish it had come in better condition.
This seemed to be a promising product at first: simple, stainless, and easy to fill. None of this matters if it won't work. After 3 months of use, the pump mechanism failed. It was used moderately and was filled each time with clear kirkland dishwashing liquid. There's no excuse for such early failure.
I paid for it and needed it for work and 1 month later they refunded my money. No bueno
Not comfortable at all.
you do get what u pay for, flimsy i already tossed them
2 of the 4 frames I ordered arrived broken. This didn't happen the last time I ordered them, so not sure if it was the packing this time, or if the overall manufacturing quality has gone down. Terribly disappointed though, and will never order from them again.
Is a disaster on glass...leaves streaks
Not great quality as far as the picture goes. Hoped it would have been better.
I haven't received this item yet! You are showing it as delivered. I did get the vacuum cleaner that was delivered! I'm having trouble contacting someone about this problem!
The product may be fine, I don't know. I ordered this for my niece in Arizona and it arrived yesterday. Today I got home and found the same product delivered to my house in Missouri! I did not order (nor do I want) this product for myself. Of course, I was charged twice. I really don't feel that it should be incumbent upon me to make the return, as I didn't want it or order it in the first place. But, I want my money back! So I'll add another hassle to my day. So much for ease of shopping online!
I can literally see through 2 layers of the fabric. I don't think these are going to last very long.
Within 8 weeks these sheets are pilling and not holding up at all.
I followed every troubleshooting tip on here, they don't work when strung together.
I had this in the past so I assumed it was the same. Theres no handheld cleaner like I needed to clean my couch, which is why I bought it. :( I see why it was so cheap, its just a basic cleaner.
This product doesn't work like it should. It doesn't steam at all. It states that the motor is renewed but it clearly doesn't work.
The motor failed for the brush within 1 year of use. The advertised warranty was not valid per Dyson customer service because it was from an "unauthorized seller". The vacuum was not worth repairing and their customer service was useless. While this vacuum was great while it worked, it was ultimately a waste of money. If you buy this vacuum, you should only buy it directly from Dyson so it can be repaired when it breaks.
not good for my makeup, really only good for lipstick. To small! cost more to return that I spent buying it! 😠
Junk. Worked great the first time using. Second time starting spitting boiling water out
so I just recieved this item a couple of days ago and I followed all instructions but the flowers and stickers keep falling off the wall . this was a complete waste of money and no one should spend their money on this you will regret it. This did not even last a whole day with out falling
Battery worked for a week, then wouldn't hold a charge. I switched back to the two year old battery because it had better capacity. Junk!
These sheets are not soft, silky or sateen as they seemed to be when removed from the packaging. After being washed in cold water and dryed on low heat they are extremely disappointing. They were purchased as an Amazon deal of the day. I would not purchase again, I guess I got what I paid for...
This paper towel holder is solid and was easy to install. Unfortunately, when you go to pull off a paper towel the whole roll of towels wants to unravel. The bar is slick and provides no resistance so there is nothing to stop the roll. It just won't work for me.
Do not waste your time or money. The only time this product worked was with the sample sewn in it when I received it. I tried for over 45 minutes and it never worked. First of all, it never made one stitch. Then, I watched a YouTube video that was supposed to fix it by simply turning the needle. Nope. Please, do yourself a favor, purchase a real machine for a few bucks more. Very disappointing.
At first, 2 of the 3 units worked beautifully, but the motion sensor on the third did not. Then the motion sensor on a second went out. These are placed high in my closet, so the motion sensor is an important feature for me. Poor quality.
I never received the items that's why I'm requesting a refund
This lint remover doesn't do it's job.
Don't buy this, it was a fake knockoff from china.
I received on January 8, on January 16 noted a white area where some of the pattern was already worn off. I guess there is no protective coating over the pattern. Not practical for a place-mat.
This item lacked any texture or color on the inside portion. Instead it was a plain dark blue, not appealing to look at. Will be returning this. Lame.
Not as described at all. Very upset.
The needle vials aren't numbered so I don't know their gauges, and they're dull.
The rubber doesn't hit floor evenly. Kind of defeats the purpose. Furthermore, the brush handle doesn't fit into the dustpan handle as you would expect.
I can barely see the hands on it, I even colored them black and still can't be seen unless you're really close to it. (Yes even when I have my glasses on) Although it's pretty, I do not recommend this clock!
The first one I ordered arrived broken. It was missing pieces. It came in the wrong packaging. The replacement I ordered arrived in bad condition (it looked used), and appeared broken as well. Returned both and went with a different brand.
These are very difficult to fit through the holes of your sneakers. Don't waste your money!!
Never received the items
Washed once and they got so distorted that they looked bleached. Cheap towels!
Half of the bags have tiny pinholes around vacuum port and are not airtight
This did not stay on my couch. Slips every time you sit on it. I would not buy this again
I live in a high rise and thought this would be brilliant in cleaning my windows. It's awkward it does not clean well because you can not add pressure. Worst purchase!
had this alarm clock for 2 weeks and the display quit; the outlets still work. Update....I was contacted by the seller...they sent me a new one. It did the same thing. I figured out though if you plug something into any of the 3 USB port it KILLS the display, however, as soon as you unplug from the USB the display will come back on reset. Then you have to program it all again.
pulls apart as easy as tissue paper.
Product arrived damaged. Had bent wires like the photo in multiple spots. The only way to “deal” with the issue is pay shipping to send it back or write this review. Seems a bit unfair to pay full price for a damaged item and then have to pay to return or not receive some sort of compensation.
I wish I could give -5 stars. I ordered these wicks, weeks later I finally receive the package and what's inside? A DAMN HEAD SCRATCHER! WTF? I emailed the company, but they barely speak English. I had to repeat myself several times and explain the situation over and over. Finally they said they'd send the wicks to me again. It's been a month and I'm still waiting. Pretty pathetic if you ask me.
Very disappointed. This is so little
I thought this would be a framed photo as depicted. Instead it is a picture in a cylinder. False advertisement. I didn't want to purchase a poster.
I used this face paint for a birthday party and it is the worst face paint I've ever purchased. You have to apply 3 times or more and it still looks like watercolor paint. It made for a terrible group of face painted kids and a disappointed family. I made less in tips than I did on the paint. Such a waste of money. I should have read the other reviews first.
see "headline" above.
I never received my item. I ordered several pairs. I got a package with some other items but it did not include these brackets. I'm disappointed and want my money back.
0 stars. Product never arrived and seller will not respond back. Glad I am only out 5.00.
It didn't meet my expectations. I needed something bigger. I returned the same day.
Your wasting your money
This was not as shown and smelled funky
Very poor quality , the number codes were all crazy numbers and the canvas was impossible to read !!
It was cheap and bought to see if it worked...... Nope. Looks as if it should be in a fun house and didn't stick haha
Warped and chipped boards were sent, the product is completely unusable. They want me to pay to return and pay a 20% restocking fee.
1 of the 4 lightbulbs I purchased was broken. I was opening all of the bulbs to make sure they worked and were okay but 1 was broken.
This dispenser is piece of junk. We bought two different type of dispenser that were similar. This one was not working smooth from the beginning and then suddenly quit working after a few months. Not worth the money.
Why do they sell these pins. Unstructured. Will not hold what you pin. Now I have to go and buy some real pins. Couldn't believe they would sell something like this! Very disappointed,
These came up in a search for buttons for sewing. They are not--they have no hook on back. Had to return them.
These when leaking soda cans this paper sticks terribly !!
Amazon sent me the notification saying they were delivered at my mailbox. Checked the mail. I ordered other items in the one transaction. I received my other items but the pens were not there. I gave it a couple days to see if they'd show up in the mail. Nothing. I received no pens. I don't know how to get my money back, receive new ones, or contact Sakura. :/
Not even close to the color as shown on the site. We're not talking a little off.. it was supposed to be a very bright fuchsia...nope. Try more like a dusty rose. And they don't take returns, which isn't stated anywhere.
This thing was terrible. Didn't work at all on my hardwood floors
Got ripped, Only had 102 out of 200 bags!
These sheets are terrible. They have started to pill already. Unusable now, after 2 months.
These pillows stunk when they arrived and they still stink. I would not buy again.
I have assembled clocks before; this unit arrived and has not functioned with a brand new battery. The hands don't stay securely in place and easily fall off the unit. Unfortunately a waste of time and money.
I don't recommend ordering this warmer, it is not packaged well and will arrive broken.
Does not work as describe , could not handle one wash cloth no matter how we tried
don't buy it it's junk
This product looks great except for the stained pieces of yarn and the frayed pieces. It looks like maybe it got caught in a piece of machinery because the stains are oily/greasy looking. Update: Months later and I still can't believe no one has reached out to me. I contacted the company directly too and nothing...
This is my first bad review after many Amazon purchases over the years. Most reviews mentioned a very powerful air flow even in outdoor situations. I found the top setting to be moderate, while the lower settings to be extremely low to poor. Over the next few weeks I would only use the fan on high settings because the lower settings barely projected any air at all. Finally after only two months of use, the highest setting began pushing out the smallest amount of air accompanied by a high pitched wailing noise. This went on for an extra week and three days until the machine stopped working altogether. By this time the product was out of warranty, and now I'm out of $50 plus dollars. Lasko can do better. Hopefully they will do better in the future, but until then I suggest avoiding their products.
Terrible! Won't even cut through q paper. Only cuts half the circle, messes up and tears other half! Very dissapointed want my money back!
They all blow as soon as you turn them on. Even tried different cords. Not happy, I would give no stars.
Sent a 10W equivalent instead... Very dim...not worth ANYTHING
I run a daycare and was looking forward to this product! After getting it I was extremely disappointed it did not pick up the crumbs and clean the floor I had to return to the broom once again
smaller than expected and it's very low powered so it was pretty much a complete waste of money.
Arrived late and broken.
I can not see anything. It's like a carnival joke mirror
How did a tire gauge get delivered?
The few colored items you get in pack fade really fast and my package contained mostly broken shells with no huge star fish like the picture. Package also contains really no colors as promised from the picture as well.
The bags seem made to tear. The new design makes them more likely to fall and tear, though at least the bits on top don't slide around. I've only had mine since about January and one bag doesn't have much longer left and needs adjustments to stay up. :/ I basically only needed this for the replacement bags, so I really needed those to be at least as good as the old edition.
Highly ineffective for absorbing odors.
Cheap plastic that sheds everyday on the counter
Seller never responded to me when asked to change address. And I still have not even received my product. I ordered months ago no refund no resolve. Do not buy from this seller!!!
Bulky and not very sturdy. Seems cheap.
We never received our product, they shipped it to a New Jersey and we live in Pennsylvania. Tried reaching out to the seller and Amazon, it's been a week and we've gotten no responses.
1 star only because it shipped on time. After 20 minutes of wearing my wedding band, the adjuster totally slid off and did not stick. Waste of money.
I use this vacuum 4 times and it broke and I can't send it back!
This product was very poor. It never worked. Waiting for return and full refund.
Absolutely horrible, the bristles laid down within the first minute and didnt clean anything after that, did remove the dust but nothing else.
This was the worst vinyl ever and that's disappointing especially since i have used vvivid before and been satisfied. Having issues with this vinyl completely cost my business money by having to do a full refund.
This sheet set is far from “soft” and plush. I guess if I wanted my skin to be exfoliated I'd keep them but I do not so I am. This is the first time I've had to return any amazon item. Also the zippered bag that it came in was gross.
I wish I could give 0 stars...I was really excited about installing this wall mounted coat hook rack. I ordered it and returned it because the wrong item arrived. After letting Amazon know the wrong item arrived and returning it, I decided to try again because I really wanted the low profile coat hooks. However, once again a honey colored approximately 12 in shelf arrived with a label on the box saying it's a 29 in, heavy duty 6 hook coat rack. Not a wonderful experience.
This broke the first time I used it, the rubber bristles came off and there was no way to reattach it and hold it on.
I'm so upset I purchased other things to go with this set which I ordered in June 15 and was expecting it on July 29th which it never came they refunded me and stated to keep the package when it arrives and it never did now I have pictures and wall stickers I am unable to use I would never recommend anyone shop with this seller
Does not work! Don't waste your money. Sounds great in theory but does not work to scrub dishes or cleanly anything
Never got this but I got my money back so no biggie. Just needed to look for other container options for my diamond painting drills.
I figured I'd try the type that can hang, pull out and then drop down for space saving. I've had similar hangers for shirts and they've been ok. When I received the item, I wasn't impressed. It was lighter than a package of loose leaf paper. The hanger assembly felt just as cheap and would be shocked if this lasted past 50 hangs and drops. The rods that slide out..."slide" is a generous term. For the money, it's just more wasted effort to repack and post office this. The concept is there, the materials is NOT. Would not buy again.
i thought it came 50 of the small ones
The beads I received aren't anything like the ones pictured, in the pictures they looked cohesive, mine are not. It looks like you'll get some fairly large ones, I got one strand of large beads and they are round faux pearls (tan in color). Lots of very small beads, two of them the same. I received packages that had each, 1 pkg that had 2 strands. The rest are all lose so they don't make any kind of color scheme. The quality isn't bad but for 25.00 I expected more of the larger beads as pictured. I realize they aren't suppose to be the exact ones, but I certainly didn't expect mostly small beads. Not happy!
I absolutely would not purchase this. The middle bracket broke after only 10-20 uses! It did not create enough pressure to keep the HTV on the shirt either which blows my mind as to how it broke. The piece of the heat press that receives all of the pressure is secured with a rivet. Not designed. Also, says that it is a power press and is NOT.
I love the product but it came late and one of the bottles leaked. I got the package it a garbage bag because of the leak. I will not order from here, again.
Never got to use it. Received it broken. Just like the other reviewers.
I gave this item 1 star because the product works great but the price is super inflated. Can buy it for a fraction of the price at Target.
Awful! Came in a small small small box all in pieces with no instructions
This was wrapped in bubble wrap, but obviously insufficient for the trip, as it arrived in a hundred pieces! Very disappointed. I'm going to reorder one time to see if they can do better.
too difficult to set wake up time and emits too much blue light at night which is poor for sleep quality
The packaging was horrible! Upon arrival one the box was tipped like it had been dropped off a building and after opening box both bags of hardware which is over 200 pieces were both ripped apart and basically empty and all hardware was mixed in bottom of box. Since shipping looked like it went through a war zone were also missing hardware due to it falling out huge hole in bottom of box very disappointing to say the least in a polite way think twice about ordering this
It doesn't work as an outside (decorative) curtain because the pattern is hideous up close. Nor does it work as an inside curtain because it's flimsy and lacks weights at the bottom to keep it from blowing on to you while you take a shower. I used it as an inside curtain, with the picture facing outside, covered by a semi sheer outside curtain that actually makes the pattern look nice. (See pic). However, if you plan on actually using said shower, this is not a good option, since this curtain has a fold at the bottom that collects mold. (See pic).
I loved the color. I cannot stand how they have pilled up so easily. Bought these several months ago and saved them for my new house. I've washed them 4 times and the bottom sheet is so pilly...bumps of fabric all over...this is not indicative of quality sheets. My sheets from walmart do this. The title says Hotel Collection. More like motel. So disappointed:( I realize my return window has passed. That's on me. Touting these as hotel quality...that's on you.
Came broken! But rebuying.. wish me luck
I cannot review the product because I didn't receive the install kit nor the labels.
Ive order 2 both times the mirror has come broken. I'm tired of doing refunds and having to order new ones. The package always looks like it was handled roughly. They seriously need to put a FRAGILE label on the box.
Out goes this new cheap one just purchased from Amazon. It will find a home in my charity bin without it ever being used. Yes, it is that flimsy. I will welcome back to my old one that is sturdy and is still hanging in there even though it may be missing a clothes pin or two. The new drying clothes hanger is a waste of money.
3 months of use and I have mold inside. Cannot get to it thus it looks and is not healthy. The seal around the humidifier started to give and leaks slowly. Only when I write this review have i discovered there was supposed to be a brush I did not get. I don't think it would have helped mind you.
all I got was,a,useless undersized pillow case, when I was trying to buy the queen beaded pillow!!!! I was ripped off.
This thing is a hot mess the wheels broke off the 1st time I tried to roll it. And even though I put it together right is just not sturdy and not practical I thought it was a good idea but it is not
I had high expectations for this pillow. I have a very bad neck and I'm always buying pillows. I can't get the water level to a place that's comfortable. It has leaked a couple times.
not like the picture, not nice looking
Half of the bottles were water and the other half barely came out of the bottle. They appeared to be old and one leaked in the box.
Lasted about a month!junk!
I wasn't able to even test out this product, I am so frustrated right now because Amazon doesn't even make it easy to contact customer service. I use a PO Box but when I ordered it Amazon didn't say anything. Usually if it is unable to be delivered to PO Box it pops up that I need to have it delivered to Amazon locker or another location. I didn't even get a postcard stating that it was undeliverable till today March 17th when it was supposed to be delivered by the 16th at the latest. This may not be the sellers problem, but I certainly will not be ordering another product from them! I will go to a physical store! Now I have to wait on a refund that Amazon chose to give me rather than contacting me and stating that I needed to choose another address.
Package states delivered. Was not delivered. Drive provided no pic of package at from door and no drop off coordinates for Amazon logistics. All orders canceled and Amazon Prime acct canceled. This happens WAAAYY too often; issue with deliveries.
Opened item only to find stains and food particulate on one end. Appeared new in packaging until opened. Material also feels a bit cheap
I don't think the statements are accurate as far as the fill. It's unbelievably flat and I've let it air out for 3 days. I've tried to fluff it best I can with no luck :( Not worth the money
Product arrived broken in multiple pieces.
This rug ruined my flooring underneath. I went to wash it this week and the floor under had black dye that came off the back of the rug. It's been days and I'm still working on getting it off. It may have ruined my floor for good. Yes, I'm sure a little water got on this rug from peoples shoes, but it was marketed for that purpose and meant to soak up mud? Just don't buy it.
I didn't even open the bag it's so bad. I'm actually pretty angry. You can see multiple of the same buttons, all teeny tiny buttons mostly. No cool ones. No different shaped ones. I got a dud bag I guess. I was hoping to swap it for another but apparently the seller doesn't take returns when I tried. Complete trash they are all literally duplicates and the majority of them are the mini ones. There looks like there is at least ten of the same pink one. Just ughhhh I can't even use them.
I don't know what the other reviewers were transferring. But perhaps they're using another brand shipped to them by mistake. But the sheets I got will not transfer ANYTHING. I'm trying to transfer my drawing back onto canvas painted with acrylics after painting the background too far. I don't even see the faintest mark. I even flipped the paper thinking I was using the wrong side. NOTHING! I'm back to using dark carbon. It shows up better even over dark paint. I hate that I waisted money on this product. I would take a photo BUT NOTHING SHOWS UP!
I'm very disappointed with my purchase. These looked amazing on pictures. But what I received was completely different. Tools look quite used, hardly even open and seem very gunky. The quality is extremely poor.
These are not for me. Way too firm and too heavy.
Used this French Press only twice before it came out of the dishwasher shattered. Disappointed with the quality of the glass and the product.
This came with no water bottle. It would be close to impossible to get water in without it. I'm sending it back. I had to give a star rating but i was not able to use it to rate it a accurately.
Arrived damaged. Every row was bent and one row even broke off. Not worth the price
Nowhere in the instruction says to be careful when pulling down/opening the "scraps store box." It is pretty tight and the edges are super sharp that it cut my finger as I sled open it. It cut my finger pretty deep.
My quest for a travel pillow which will actually help me sleep on a plane continues - and sadly does not end here with the Trtl Pillow. I keep trying different designs with great hope but when tested in the actual confines of an economy flight seat, I remain unsatisfied and uncomfortable. Tested this one out on a 4-hour domestic round trip recently - glad I have time to try something new before flying overseas soon. I couldn't get enough support with this design without bringing the flap/strap around uncomfortably tight - it almost felt like I was strangling myself. It felt flimsy and not as if it offered enough support otherwise. I tried adjusting to my right side, to my left, to the front, all different ways but couldn't feel comfortable for more than about 15-20 minutes at a time. I just felt like I had a soft scarf with a flimsy piece of plastic against my neck. Next!
Never received my warranty
I ordered 2 of these frames. I was sent one that was correct and another that was completely random and the wrong size.
These pillows are flat and Uncomfortable you need like four in order to feel like you have one great pillow
This is the first item I've bought on Amazon that is not returnable...would have bought from a competitor if I had known this, and still don't see where it states that. Did not work; waste of money.
My diffuser stopped working and I only used it 3 times and then I go on here to see that I can't return it. This sucks. I would not recommend this product.
It leaks all over.. I put it on my desk and woke up with a giant puddle. I knew it would get a little moist, due to the mist. But I'm pretty sure it's leaking from the bottom or something because the puddle on my desk that made a full size towel completely soaked. I really wish it worked right, I really wanted to love it. I don't think it's the way I'm putting it on either because I tried that several different times and it didn't help at all. Very frustrating because I bought due to the high reviews!!
much smaller than I thought...not a normal size kitchen garbage size
i was delivered an empty package...
Too expensive. Doesn't work
This is not my house and did not receive today!! Was it neighbor? Stupid delivery service left glass frames on the ground, in someone else's open garage!!! Not cool!!! I looked for it all day too!! Why do I do
So disappointed. Bed skirt and the white pillow sham are so thin you can see through them. Also I washed according to lable instructions and the body of the bed sham is now melted in several different places. If I wasn't in a rush to get this room together, I'd return it all. I thought it would be good due to it being Laura Ashley...wrong.
Pay attention to all the reviews about the rough plate. Scratchy and not for silky fabrics. Also extremely heavy, and controls are stiff and cheap feeling. And imagine my surprise when I had to pay return postage of over $8!!! Surprise surprise. I bought it because I didn't like the irons that look like spaceships. I feel dumb for not going out and trying irons in the store, they are usually much lighter and more nimble than this brick. Shop local!
I ran this AC for two nights at high cool, max cool, it is defective and only works as a fan, it doesn't cool. After running at max for twelve hours, the temp in my small bedroom was still over 80 degrees. I tried to work with Amazon on an exchange, it was a nightmare experience. Three hours on the phone before they would issue a refund, and a week before they can get a new one here, even though this original one arrived in one day. Not worth it.
Unfortunately I did not open these rulers until I was on a quilt retreat last week and the larger of the two is broken. According to this info return time is past. At the high price of this ruler set I feel they should replace it!!!!!
Used on & off during 2 months, then stopped working altogether. Don't waste your time and money on this. Update: A few days after I wrote this the company sent a replacement at no charge. We'll see how long this one lasts. Update 2: December 10, 2018- Used the replacement for about a month in March. Set it up again on Nov. 19. Died yesterday.
This product did not stick to the vinyl (or is it plastic?) part of the dash on my 2019 RAM 1500 at all. Not even for a second. Quite disappointing. Never-the-less, not a total loss as I rigged up a small bracket (without drilling holes) and this product sticks to that just fine. I'll use the balance of it for other projects in the future. I'm giving it only one star since it did not even come close to living up to the advertised use.
The 3" apple core was broken in the mail. Needs to be fixed or a refund.
I was tapping it on the lip of my bin to remove old grinds and the thing fell apart. I am one person and maybe have a cup of coffee a day. The paperless filter should last more that half a year. That was the whole point to not have waste and landfill.
Product arrived with a large dent in the side. The shipping box was completely fine and undamaged. I immediately requested a refund and shipped it back. That was weeks ago and I still don't have my refund. I emailed them asking for a status / ETA. They advised me they are processing it and I should see it in (5) days. (5) days go by and I still don't have a refund. Ridiculous.
Thought it wouls be bigger. I would not have bought it.
Didn't like the color. Too brilliant-gold for me.
Yes, it is light weight. In fact, too light weight for the motor/blower. The power of the motor rattles the unit so much it continues to rattle right off the counter, falling to the floor. I wouldnt consider this very safe for baby.
Never received the actual product...I was sent some other patches
Wasn't as functional as expected
Bought this item and it didn't work brand new out of the box. I bought a new battery for the remote thinking that may have been the problem but that wasn't it.
Loved the idea of these pens and coukdnt wait to get them. They dry out right away and cease to function. Serious waste of your money.
Not sure what happened but amazon shipped the wrong thing. Ended up ordering directly from pro pur.
This is the third time in less then a year we have sent it back because they work for a couple months then start slamming in to all the furniture and walls.
This mirror is terrible. I payed 129 dollars for a mirror that was glued to the wood well the glue came off from the frame so I have 2 seperate pieces for 129 dollars you'd expect more don't bother buying find a better product.
It doesn't work!! May have to buy a plug if it exists! Waste of money?
The side brushes are unusable since they do not include the screw. Save your money and buy from another seller that includes the screw.
The broom was sent w/o all the parts could not put it together and NO product insert or instructions
Unsteady falling apart. Not as what describe on the website.
Got 3 small sprays out of the bottle before it was empty... otherwise may have rated it higher.
Cheap and not well made. Literally took them out of the packaging 5 minutes ago to clean. I didn't even run them in water yet and they're falling apart. Not worth it.
Tried several times to use this and it keeps getting stuck. I thought it was me, but again and again it continues to knot up, not even an inch in.
Picture and products are differents
Never received item and never received a refund
Frame arrived with a big scratch right in the middle of the plexiglass. Not happy about it.
Product never arrived!! Scam
Don't buy. Bristles were too long and not thick enough to support the length. Tips destroyed after first few line applications. Waste of money.
This toy was no good. My girl was reading the rubber off in less than 5 minutes needless to say we can't keep putting her play with it. We spent the cost for a 5 minute toy.
It is cool. No support. Very soft.
Total disappointment. I purchased this for our New Year's Eve party. They had an awful odor upon opening the package. We only got three out of the 10 to actually work.
Really a cheap playtex bra will not buy. this bra again.
Too lightweight should've bought the more expensive one 😣
Then the hinges failed. Sorry that only a few dozen opens and closes caused this. Cheap boxes with limited durability.
Not sturdy enough for the intended purpose
i was super scared to get this because of previous reviews but when it came there was a bunch of little red brown dots on the sheets. sheets are also thin
Pathetic broke not even a month
I returned the mirror & they refunded my cost, but I was recharged for it after they stated they did not receive it. I have no way to contact them to discuss my tracking number for the returned item.
Arrived broken into several pieces. Poor quality.
Very cheap in appearance but one gets what one pays for
While I was making my bed for the first time the elastic in the fitted sheet ripped out so I basically have to flat sheets now. It was for an RV mattress too that is shorter than most mattresses so it is NOT that I was pulling too hard or it fit too tight. Needless to say I'm pretty disappointed.
Blanket barely gets warm on hot setting terrible purchase. Would return if it didn't come in such a huge box in another box. Waste of money
It's too big and it wrinkles all of the time I find myself having to stretch it
If I could give this “bag” a zero or below, I absolutely would!!!! It smells so bad. It smells like it was produced at a cigarette company. The inside part is so cheap and horrible that I would actually recommend a plastic bag from a large chain store over buying this. It's disgusting!
I have no idea if these are any good because instead of the variety pack I was sent the avocado covers. The tag on the product put on by I assume Amazon, was for the product I ordered but attached to the avocado covers. I won't order again in case the tags on all of them are placed wrong.
Spout drips A LOT. Making a mess all over the counter. Dawn is a great product. Dispenser spout is awful.
This is leaking water. Is There a warranty on this ?
Ordered a 4 pack and only received 1. Not impressed won't be ordering again.
When I buy Yankee candles from Amazon they either don't have a scent or the wick is to short and goes out quickly as melted wax fills the jar. I then have to dig out the melted wax for it to work again. Wastes a whole lot of the candle. Only will buy directly from Yankee now as they give you credit for bad candles. I am the Amazon Queen lol all else I get it wonderful
You can get bleach shipped to you cheaper from big box stores. If I could have subscribed I might have bought more.
There was a huge rip in it when I received it
never buy it again. This is a inferior product. Bad product and service. Never reply message.
Its very annoying when you search for the product you own and are looking for replacement filters when Amazon matches up a filter with the product and says customers frequently but these two together so I buy the filter thinking I am getting the right filter for the product (for my 84 year old aunt not me), find out it isn't the right filter and now can't return the item. Very disappointed in that feature on Amazon and the fact that the seller doesn't offer returns on the product.
This product was nothing like what I expected. It's still sitting around in the plastic it cam in because we were unable to put it together and use it. A waste of money.
The color is nice and I love that it makes a ticking sound. However, I'm on the second one, after returning the first for slowing down after a week or so. The second one is having the same issue. No matter how many batteries I try, it eventually drops to running about 18 minutes behind. You get what you pay for. I'm going to find a vintage German clock and out that up instead.
The product was folded so small it has hundreds wrinkles that won't come out.
Still getting mold grow in the humidifier
Dislike third party charging me more and getting from Walmart.com paying 8 dollars less. Come on.
Was not what I expected at all. Mirror looks really cheap. The photo gives the illusion that this piece is covered in glass, 360 degrees but only the bottom has glass. The sides and top of the mirror is basically metal bars and cage-like. I had to send it back.
I ONLY RECEIVED ONE. IT IS CLEARLY MARKED A SET OF 2. I AM MISS THE SEA SHELL ONE. i want to order another set also
Frame came with broken glass. It was poorly packed.
Returned this item due to it being not as I had expected nor hoped. Return was simple, quick and efficient.
I am kind of surprised to see so many positive reviews, this cooler barely cooled my small room..
This towel rack did not stick to the wall for longer than 15 minutes. I had to use another brand of adhesive strips to secure one of the ones I bought to the wall; the other fell and broke beyond repair not soon after. DO NOT buy this product.
I bought these to try to organize my scarves. It seemed like a good concept. The teeth on these are too close together so no scarves can be held. Maybe it would work for a tie? They can easily get knocked off the clothing rack too. These were a fail for me.
I jut got a mop. Didn't get 4 fiber cloth. I check everywhere. But couldn't find it. Very disappointed.
Broke after a few uses.
No instructions in English. And the unit though nicely arranged in a carry case appears to have bee previously used as those instructions came rumpled and creased. No instructions I can read and possibly used.. it has to go back. Wasted time.
I really wanted to like this product. We got it to take the wrinkles out of our clothing, in lieu of using an ironing board. But the steam handle keeps falling off the hook, and the steam barely comes out. This won't actually work to smooth wrinkled clothes, which is why I thought it existed. Don't waste your money and get a more expensive brand.
I was very disappointed in this thermos. The main problem is the lid....it does not twist on securely and it is lopsided when its on leaving an area where there is a gap and it will leak which it did when on its side. I tried every way to get the lid to fit securely and stay closed but it just wouldn't fit properly. Its useless because with lid that isn't secure and wont stay closed ...and the fact it leaks.. I really cant use it. I did read the reviews too before I purchased this but I ,however, can only say.. Don't waste your money on this product.
Never arrived. Tried to contact vendor and Amazon..unsuccessfully
I followed the instructions exactly and it looked good for 2 days before it all fell down. Not easy to cut and install either
I got a bottle from my hardwood store and it was deeper blue. The one I got from amazon is lighter blue which makes me think that it was diluted.
I couldn't quite figure out how to use these and ended up getting paint where it wasn't supposed to be.
Never had a chance to try this because the seller sent a repackaged used item when I bought new. Item arrived with new tape over the box seams, with dirty packing material, a broken part (small bolt shown in photo on styrofoam), discolored handles, loose items and torn instructions inside. Thank you Amazon for your great customer protection return policy!
It cuts the watermelon into small pieces, which are very difficult to cut and very difficult to use
Did not receive Goofy waving. Received Good pointing. Description did not match sticker inside.
Item was great except Amazon did not include the tops to there storage containers as advertised.
This frame arrived broken. Really disappointed.
This product is very misleading, it is advertised as Solid 14 kt gold when it is actually Gold filled. I should have read the review before purchasing. All said the same thing.
Wasted my money, Cheap low quality ...
Worked well for 3 months but makes a really loud noise any time you try and turn it on (it's the exhaust fan not spinning correctly, i looked) and cools 20-30% of the time then just blows hot air then back to cold... So basically it worked well but only for 3 months which is useless. Outside of return or Amazon support help. Was a waste of money. Did i get a bad unit? Maybe but that also means someone else could to so not much good to say about this.
I loved the clock really nice but arrived with one of the points broken. Tried to get issue resolved no help from seller. Loved the clock very unique.giving it a one because seller won't get back to me.
I ordered two of these. One was fine, but not great quality. The other was warped. I returned.
Cheap and will fall over so easily.
The product arrived quickly, was packaged well but it had melted and had leaked into protective plastic. :(
I was excited to get this dispenser. But it didn't work. I put it together, inserted batteries, but it didn't dispense soap.I hadn't to return it. After trying 3 different hands free dispensers and returning all of them because they didn't work, I bought a regular pump one and it's working great.
They're so cheap and do not stick well at all I bought no name brands for much cheaper and they worked SO much better!!
there was a brown residue on everything after this was used
i do not like the way it looks on my wall at all. Its not even and looks silly
Six months of sporadic use and the sprayer no longer functions. Will upgrade to one with continuous spray and a better reputation.
I'm so frustrated with this clock. It is set for the correct time zone and DST is turned on. It sets itself for one hour slow. I have set it to the correct time three times only to wake up the next morning to it being wrong when set automatically over night. Unfortunately my original packaging was discarded so I don't know if I can return it.
It's an okay frame but there was fiberglass slivers everywhere once I removed the styrofoam and got it all over my hands and shirt.
Unfortunately you have to give the Teak mat 1 star to leave a review I will give Customerservice a call regarding. returning the most uncomfortable Teakwood bath mat ever made
I am very upset. I just opened the box and I was checking the product description and noticed that the price has dropped by 58 dollars since I ordered this week. I called in and in order to get the lower price I need to pack it up and order a return and buy a new one. Thus is just to much work for me. It's heavy and I live alone.
Cheap product DO NOT BUY!!! Whistles didn't work yo-yos strings wasn't tied so when the kids tried to use them they fell to the ground
the balloon they are in is green its discolored. mickey face is horrible looks really bad Minnie has the wrong colors on her face am very disappointed. asked seller for a replacement that is not so horrible or my money back
The inner post fell off as soon as I got the item. I tried a glue gun to stick it back but it didn't work. Very cheaply made
Received used item, had some water already in it, doesn't work due to the metal strip on the battery door in on backwards.
Way too small for my towel project. I had to return it.
Packaged in a way that all patches have staple holes in them. Attempted to iron on a patch on a pair of jeans however edges continued to lift up after numerous attemps.
They break VERY easily .
After all hype and fine reviews it just did not sink with ANY smart phone/ipad in the house and became a waste that would roll around one corner. No English support and all instructions are in Chinese too. The app is mostly in Chinese and you need to select this vacuum cleaner as your wi-fi(!) for the household for it two work! Insane. BIG disappointments.
Never sent my product
This did not work and was missing many pieces. I would not waste my time.
perfect size for a child, but too small for adults. towels came dirty.
The description said pack of three but only one shelf showed up. No way to contact seller. Have to return to get a response.
They wouldn't work on any cabinet in my house.
Warning - there are no filters available anymore. Now I have three expensive paperweights!!!!!!
Very very very small - it's my fault cause I should have read measurements, but picture shows a large blanket draped on a couch.
Item not received, shows delivered, no way to recoup my money that I can see and no one to contact
Lasted two days of skiing and gone. I followed all the instructions and snapped it on to my wife's ski coat. After two days of skiing it had come undone and fell off. Not as sturdy as they claim.
It doesn't aim down. Its either broken in the aiming up position or it wont oscillate down. Controller is a bitch to work compared to others. It won't turn the fan on, for me. So you do that manually and if you are in bed already cuz I use it to sleep you have to get out. Annoying. Actually, the controller is so terrible i do everything by hand from speed to on/off to oscillating to power. Its nice and quiet, but probably because its not very strong.
I'm a jim shore fan and was not impressed to receive it in four broken pieces. I think it's cheap and deceitful that it is sent in a loose plastic without polystyrene or a jim shore box . Very disappointed and will never recommend this supplier on amazon
These are advertised as ranging in size from 1.5 to 3 inches. There are only one size and they are too large for my project.
I purchased this fan on amazon used it in a bedroom for about 4 weeks. I was extremely happy and impressed with the performance of the fan at first. Then one day with really no warning i went to turn it on and the blade did not spin. Since the fan was only one month old i decided to return it and get a refund.
The color is really off! I ordered navy blue but what arrived was more of a royal blue
Color is more of a coral than pink
Paid full price for new unit and got an used unit covered in hair; yuck!!
Failed to mention these are mini
The look was what we hoped but no matter what we tried the suction cups wouldn't hold. We returned this item.
These are too small to fit on the clothes pins for doll heads.
no instructions its sitting in the closet unused cause don't know how to assemble by trial and error
I received these today and went to put my prints into them and the plexiglass on one frame is scratched so badly I am not sure if i can use it. The frames themselves are nice but very disappointed in scratched plexiglass!!
Worst pillow ever! It's like trying to rest your head on a large, hard rock. Thankfully Amazon makes it easy to return products.
Do not buy stopped working after 3 months and the back light is very dim.
Not sized to operate smoothly in my existing roller handle. Metal not polished to a smooth finish. Buying US steel to get the job done right. Get what you pay for cheap price cheap product.
this order was not received
Very annoying to use. It gets stuck and you can't use the pump. I threw it away the next day.
Was dissapointed at the low quality. They were inexpensive so I was not expecting great quality but the feel of the matierial was corse
Not as advertised. Totally different color
We've had several sticks of sage before,. these burn like a plastic almost and the smell doesn't quite resemble authentic Sage. I thought someone was smoking cigarettes outside. We've burned 1/4 of 1 stick after having it for a month or so. We'll stick to the other brands.
Got holes in it from the first washing
Cheaply made. And, I paid 39.99 to expedite my shipping and my package was still sent regular mail.
Definitely not as pictured!! Nothing like photos. Came in plastic sac. Less than nice material.
OMG, this protector is horrible. I am ashamed for myself that I kept it. It's not even stitched for the quilting, it's hot stamped to melt the fabric into a quilt pattern. Don't waste your money on this item!!!
Ordered a clock and got a mirror.
Zero stars...very disappointed
rubbish. don't stick to anything
arrived damaged. Looks like a pipe went through the box.
Totally broken in half, can't hold its own weight up and very flimsy cheap balsa wood pieces. Do not buy this!
Lid wont snap tight. Either the tray or the lid seems to have warped.
I'm returning my purchase. Nothing like a pic too small. It came damaged there is no way u can hang on your tree.
I bought this clock back in Oct. for a gift. I gave the gift a month ago. It is a piece of crap! I was embarrassed when she told me that the second hand just spins around. It had dirt around the battery area. Its too late to return it I guess. Don't buy!! I wasted my money.
Some of these frames were scratch and one was broken. I had to use them because of a tight deadline. The frames were nice just handling of the items was poor.
It was great to make but after a few days it started to grow mold so it was thrown away.
I used this hydrometer once. I dropped into the liquid and the hydrometer bottom broke when it hit the bottom of the glAss flask.
I ordered twice the 1st time no batteries which the booklet said were included. The 2nd time no booklet or batteries. I don't know how to use it even if I bought batteries. Now I can't return it coz it said I already returned it.
I originally ordered 2 sets of markers that I assumed were "brush" markers. They were not. they were normal pens (not brush). I then looked and looked finally found the ones that looked just like the ones I wanted. They stated that they were brush pens. I ordered two sets of them again. When they arrived they were not the same as what I wanted (These were a different brand)! Very frustrated. I will just give up on this now.
Does not fit the shark navigator light. Cannot find the exact foam filter for that model so I had to cut it to size.
I never received it!
Not impressed. They look cheap and ugly. Sending them back
only worked in 2 speeds, send it back!
I received an empty envelope! The envelope had never been sealed. I am trying to still get this item.
This was returned to Amazon within minutes of opening it. First sign of a poor rug: arrives vacuum sealed. Second sign: rug is folded. Third sign: wrinkles are abundant. I have a similar rug that is pink and rectangular that my dogs adore...this one didn't hang around long enough for them to touch it.
Unable to return. Coating rubbing off already. Seller please contact me. Thank you. Other natural stone necklaces I purchased are perfect so far. I hate leaving bad reviews and never have, there was no other way to contact you. Not worn in shower. Gentle user.
They were a gift to my mom... they smell sooo bad - she had to put them in garage. It's been weeks and they still smell horrid. I bought 2 years ago ... still have them and no smell ... must have bought from a diff company. These are terrible. I had bought extra for my daughter too & have aired them out as well as even sprayed them with Lysol risking the fact it could ruin them ... it didn't .. but don't think it matters ... cuz they smell so bad .. makes u wonder what kind of chemical they out on them. I had originally thought they were "real live" plants. But after this purchase - research shows that is not always the case... so research before u buy... as you may not have a place to put them at your house unless you dump them in the trash. I never contacted seller - bcuz I have waited so long hoping they would stop smelling. They look pretty ... but if you don't like bad smells - then look elsewhere. Sorry but true.
The item is wrong on the website i was ordering the square plates and the seller was keep sending me the round ones and I contacted amazon and let them so they were supposed to send the right item but after I returned the round plates they send me the same box I returned them for the second time!!! So frustrating!
Not what I ordered. Cheap made, no fill kit, velvet bags or ball chain necklaces. Took a month to get them
This is how this item arrived. It was mailed unwrapped in an envelope, and came with no shipping slips for return (not that it should be returned anyway). The candle smelled fine, but this appears to go through shipping handlers that don't know what they're doing. Very disappointed.
This plastic bent and deformed after 1 month of use
Was very disappointed! Very soft but after one was does not fit my bed right! Always flipping off the corners of the bed
Not sturdy and metal bent easily do not buy!!!!
Not used worse than this, use less than a week will not work! It is now in the trash, it is not recommended to buy!
I bought these n they came bent in half very disappointed. The pictures are nice but are bent!
never could get it to straighten out to frame it
Sent it to my son and he never got it!
It was returned. The sizing was incorrect and did not fit the book.
NEVER ARRIVED hear its orbiting pluto, but keeps great time in space. wish it had come. such a nice design. sigh.
I expected restaurant-quality napkins, but these are light and plastic feeling and looking. Returning.
First of all two of the six frames arrived broken. Secondly and perhaps even more importantly these are not the frames I ordered. I ordered frames with mats that hold 8 x 10 photos. These are 8 x 10 frames with no mats. And they are dollar store junk. Extremely disappointed.
Didn't even get it, had to get a refund because it just came in an empty package.
Did not work. Why is there only one suction cup? The kids just lift it up like a flap, or it comes up as the water moves. Useless.
Did not fit properly.
I tried them because I get a lot of static in my laundry and I could reuse them instead of dryer sheets. The packaging warns not to over stuff or over dry as the wool balls WILL CAUSE static cling. Huh? They also bang around very loudly as the dryer runs. Stick with dryer sheets.
I never got these :(
This canvas came boxed up, but it was damaged when I took it out of the box. The box was not damaged, so I am assuming it was boxed up by the company already damaged. The company did give me a refund.
I've had this for about 6 months. Worked well during that period. Then all the sudden it stopped working. I thought the batteries needed changed but was suspicious because of the abrupt stop. When I opened the battery compartment it was full of soap. The batteries were all shorted out and contacts were corroded. I tried to clean them up but to no avail. It's junk! Don't waste your money...
Unfortunately, the glass started leaking the very first night my daughter used it, which made a mess in her bed. She's been having trouble sleeping and was so excited to give this a try. I'll be returning it and am not sure if I should try a replacement.
I ordered this pillowcase along with four others. Unfortunately it never came!! I am really upset because this was my favorite of the five that I ordered.
This thing ticks every second. Why is this being advertised as silent?
Disappointed... Damaged item in same upper right corner on both original and replacement order. Too bad. Was perfect color, size and price for our laundry room remodel.
I didn't like it. Not really as in the description
I ordered this and just opened the bottle. The sprayer is too long so I looked inside, and the bottle is half empty. I then went to weight my 24 oz bottle, and it weighed 11 ounces. This came in a plastic bag and the bottle was sealed so I know that nothing spilled. So expensive to be ripped off and receive only half. Be ware!
Stickers completely different than images posted - I bough it mostly for the stickers that were in photo like the Coca Cola,Pepsi,starbucks etc. but none of those were inside. Also packed like shit - bag was opened stickers were everywhere and the tape was just scotch tape poorly taped over the bag. Way different than my previous order, should be beggar sticker but plain scotch tap was just lazily thrown on the bag. Also some stickers weren't aligned with paper backing, stickers were all stuck together as well as half of them being folded and wrinkled.
The only Reason I didn't send this product back was because my 8 year old had her heart on it for months. If you are looking for a comfy duvet/sheet set DO NOT PURCHASE!!! The Quality is complete CRAP! The SEAMS are NOT Finished, and its SCRATCHY! Also the button holes were sewn on the WRONG SIDE of THE DUVET PRINT. Buttons are supposed to be at foot of bed not head! so when looking at her bed all the words are upside down...UGH
I loved this little planter. Had it on my deck with a bonsai in it. I went out to water it this weekend and it fell apart. Oh well.
I bought these for Christmas décor. The color red is a VERY orange red and clashes horribly with the décor. Also the sheets are very thin, you can literally see thru them, and not worth the money. I would not recommend!!!
My box was sent broken!!
They smell horrible, very disappointed
Don't as I expected! The whole Product came damaged the bowl and the orbs. It looks like they knew it had a defect and they painted on it with black paint.
Very disappointed in this item. The description says it's ideal for indoor or outdoor use. It got moldy within two weeks of use. I don't understand how this could be so misrepresented.
All the circles in my order were deformed in one way or another, most were slight ovals. Warped, poor sanding when compared to other similar priced Amazon items. Will return.
Extremely poor packaging....item arrived loosely packed inside the box with one sheet of bubble wrap. Needless to say, it was broken into bits upon arrival.
Do not buy this item, extremely bad quality! It is not rosewood for sure! Will return it!
One of the soap dish was broken
It never was delivered. Stop sending my orders with USPS the government cannot get it done on time.
The box looks like it has been shipped & returned several times. Many of the embellishments were bent & paint is chipped off on the top flower. There was no packing material. I'm very sad the quality isn't there. 👎👎
Terrible product. I was trying to adjust the length, and it is now stuck in its position. 20 minutes within receiving the product....
I wanted this for Memorial weekend. Late delivery then post office didn't leave a slip when they did deliver
It's just ok...box came scuffed with Mark's. It was packaged very well so these flaws are from the manufacturer
These are NOT Peels by Smart Needle! They may look like it and they may call them Peels but trust me they are not! The material is different and with less than 24 hours use they will not return to their original shape to tightly hug a spool of thread. If you've used Peels by Smart Needle keep looking and buy the real thing. If you have not used Peels by Smart Needle before don't waste your time with these. Deceptive description! They are going back!
Didn't lay flat on the bed, not tight, no good
I received a refund for this as they never arrived.
So I purchased this product not only for the appearance but also because I am LEFTY and it is very hard to find a cutter for me. So I received the product and it was used. There was lint on the blade and the blade was not cutting. So I asked for an exchange. The second one was even worse! Also not cutting, skipping every couple of inches... A total mess. I had to order new blades. For $50+ you do expect a good cutting product. The design it's ok, comfortable grip. Pretty color. Not worth the price at all.
They DO NOT ABSORB THE WATER. VERY DISAPPOINTED
The set came in a box that was clearly opened. I did not receive the paint brushes that should have been included in this order.
Worked a few times and doesn't charge at all
This was listed as Amazon Prime, it did not come in 2 days, I reached out to seller, he said by the 4th I would have it. Still didn't have it on the 4th day it took a week to get to me. Very dissatisfied!
These are horrible. It's like looking at a fun house mirror. Don't waste your money.
I would not order again through amazon I ordered 3 of them and each one were intact in package and looked ok, when I opened each one, they all had issues and none could be used at all and went in to trash, one was glued shut from breakage and could not get top off, the second the top came off but was slit on side of tip and could not be used it would come pouring out side, the third some how had cracked inside the bottle and the whole bottle was solid. I'll just continue getting from store and never order online again.
After 3wks after I purchase this item. It stopped working
This product is garbage and Fridgidaire is misrepresenting this as a heater. They told me it isn't intended to heat /work when temps are below 45 degrees. I will never purchase another fridgidaire/electrolux product again
Does not get rid of smoke odors!!
Don't waste your money on these. They literally died in a month of using them! I hung them above my bed and half of them burned out and then flickered on and off. I eventually had to take them down because I was worried that it would cause a fire.
Right out of the box it wouldn't pump liquid. You can hear the pump but after trying three liquid products I have decided that it is not very good. Save your money.
I purchased this unit for my husband as a present. We followed the directions to set the unit up. When I picked up the rain gauge monitor, it was extremely hot. I took the batteries out and they were so hot that they were warped. I put new batteries into the unit in case they were defected. The same thing happened. I took them out and refused to try again in fear that I might burn my house down.
Just received this item. While I liked the look of this throw and it's very soft, I washed/dried it according to the directions including putting the dryer on low heat, a large section of it was completely ruined. I'm returning it.
Only came with the watch box in a tan bag. NO box. NO paperwork NO power adapter NO cleaning cloth. Don't known it it even works. Right now it's a paper weight. Contacted Amazon to fix the problem and was given a refund for a mac adapter and was told that he would send me a link to buy a adapter that "MIGHT WORK" not will work.
Poor packaging. Mailman wrapped leaking envelope in a plastic bag but fluids were dripping out of my mail box today. One bottle was empty and the other was awash in yuk!! Shipper, You owe me another bottle.
The product was damaged upon deliver and the adhesion was horrible. The images kept falling off the wall. You get what you pay for.
I like them but, They run small and didn't fit. Order two sizes larger than what you normally wear. I guess I lost my money. There is a charge to return them so I'll just keep them and give them away.
I bought this iron for paper piecing and quilting. I loved it. It was nice and heavy and ironed my seams perfectly. I bought it in March 2017. Now it's July 2018, and this thing is dead. A little over a year of ordinary use. My mother had one of these (I don't know the brand) that lasted for 30 years. This is just sad.
Nothing like they described- always damaged - very unhappy
No response, never received
I WAS SENT A STAINLESS ONE INSTEAD OF BLACK
I purchased this for a camping trip. Camping was one of the options when I was looking at the reviews. After being fully charged it only ran for 4 1/2 hours. I had to purchase and fully charge an external power charger and then I could only run it in the low setting. The air flow was good for the few hours I could get it to work. Not recommended for long camping trips.
Made from extremely delicate paper, was not as big as described.
I ordered the product one day shipping. The product arive on time but it was missing possible the most important the wood.
I first bought the 8,000 btu unit and was looking for more cooling power so I upgraded to this 12,000 btu unit. What a mistake... My 8,000 unit was much more powerful than the 12,000 unit. So I am sending the 12,000 unit back.
It arrived on time. It was packed unbelievably well. But it had hairline cracks . I had to order another and hope it will be better.
Purchased this item, and never even received it in the mail. Months later, looking through my purchase history, I realized that I never got this item sent, yet they did take my money. Figured I would simply put my experience here.
This is not a snowglobe, it doesn't have a snow in it, it has glitter instead. And an air baloon. Very dissapointed!
Very disappointing.. The insert was very far from square and protruded into the inside of the frame and was clearly visible and is a huge eyesore. The glass wasn't cut well, leaving it oversized, jagged, and very sharp. Nearly but myself on it when pulling it out of the box. I was disappointed as it looked like a nice shadow box, but the poor quality control makes this a return item for me
Said was delivered and don't have it!!!! Disappointed
Exposed these to light for 2 days put them up on the ceiling and... nothing. No glow at all. Do not recommend.
My wife and I bought this dehumidifier when we built our home and it worked fine for a few months and then it just started getting this weird error message "FO". I unplug it and plug it back in and the error message is gone. However, the error message continues to show up everyday. It just stops working and I have to keep unplugging and re plugging it in. Not to mention the thing never drains any water or fills up the water bucket. We wasted our money on this and now we are looking for a new dehumidifier. I would not buy this one and I will never recommend this product to anyone.
I bought these for my Singer Featherweight 221 machine and they were not the correct size. Seemed like the number on the product did not match what was in the listing. Sending them back
After reading the reviews I thought this would be a great pillow. Between my husband and myself, we were not able to get the pillow out of the package. The tube-type package had no instructions on how to remove i. My reasoning was, if I have to spend over 5 minutes to remove an item from the package, I'm returning it!! By the way I wouldn't have left any stars since I never got to use it, but that's not an option.
I liked the ivory rugs , problem is I had to reorder because what I received the first time was gray:( Now I have to return the gray...not what I expected from Amazon.
Everything. Not even close to what I expected
It leans terribly, the drawers come out of their slots and become stuck because it isn't sturdy. The drawers then scrape and peel away when in use.
HORRIBLE QUALITY. NOTHING LIKE THE PICTURE. Those are not diamonds, they are just dug out holes. And the little elephants tusks are painted yellow. Super cheap, save your money.
Seriously, what the hell did they send me? Fraying, splintered hoops that half the closures are messed up. 3 of the outer hoops are warped. These can't be the LEGITIMATE brand. Save your time, go get them from a craft store. You wont even be spending that much more.
sadly i didn't have a great first experience. i had been anxiously waiting on these because of the scent i chose but i only received 1/3 of the wax melts i had ordered. it was suppose to come with 3 containers of 6 cubes totaling 18 cubes and i received 1 container of 6 cubes missing a lid. 😕
TOTAL GARBAGE. Within a month of receiving these, not one cord works.
I didn't believe the previous reviews. But, yeah. Mostly stems. I had to break the bundles apart to burn the leaves.
Bought the sink and the listed "bought frequently together" pop-up drain. After having the bath remodeled I had a plumber come today and found out the drain tube will not work on this sink. The threads on the drain tube do not go all the way up to the sink drain opening. About 3/4" short. Will not seal anywhere close. An I am past the return date as I am stuck with a useless copper drain. Thanks Amazon for the BS information YOU posted on these items. THEY WILL NOT GO TOGETHER. But the plumber got his due.
After a week of use. The mister would stop within a couple minutes & sometimes won't even start.
The end of the tape fell off immediately after opening! I know it's just a cloth tape, but I wish it had stayed together considering it's brand new
This is not a commercial cart, unfortunately. while the size its ok, it's more for a small load. the basket doesn't have protective sides and the metal ends all around the basket can easily damage your clothing. Big no, no for me. I would recommend not buying this product.
I purchased the repair kit to fix a rip in my motorcycle seat. Upon opening it up I discovered that the two alcohol wipes it says it came with were not included. I followed the directions doing it exactly like they say and when I removed the grain paper, the paper ripped and now I have that stuck to the seat. Add to that is over 20 hours later the repair is still tacky to the touch.
Not a fan because they were just too cheap.
Have been using for 4 months. Sometimes it heats well & other times barely at all, using the same settings. Expensive & a waste of money.
Take these out of the packaging. I didn't and kept them in the original bag in my crafts closet. The heads are moldy and stained now. Unfortunately I will have to throw them away.
Did not fit my lazyboy. Fell apart three weeks later.
This is the first support pillow I had bought for my tailbone since I broke it 2 years ago. As soon as I sit on it, it deflates. It's basically adding one hard surface ontop of another one. It is awful!!! I wouldn't waste your money on it. I tried it in my car, kitchen chairs, and my office chair thinking maybe it had something to do with the surface underneath... Nope. It just sucks.
just doesn't adapt to dyson very well, pick up not that great
Did not work for long and it is very small, when it did work at first it barely did anything to keep us warm
Had no idea I would have to pay to have this returned - I would of never bought the cases if I had known
3 out of the 4 buttons were bent to the point I couldn't connect the sides. Very disappointed will be returning.
TINY BLANKET!! The picture is deceiving! Would fit a doll bed. Waste of money.
This is not useable with Silhouette to use Rhinestone designs. Don't waster your Monet. May be good for cutting out larger shapes. I have trying it yet. I can't return it because it would cost me more to do the return.
Vaccuum is heavy. Wait that is not all, the vaccuum was purchased in late December and it is overheating!
I don't like waiting a month for crochet hooks and still not get them!
Got lost in transit. They didn't send me a replacement or issue a refund until I called to see why I hadn't received my package nine days later. Usually when shipping problems happen they offer an month extension on prime, but they could have cared less about this situation.
This is the worst blanket I have ever bought. I has snags everywhere and is very cheap. Very dissapointed!!!!!
Disappointing. Bought it to glue lightweight little googly eyes to fabric. Let cure for 24 hrs as instructions stated, but still wouldn't hold.
Worked great for about a year. Now is won't hold a charge, it goes on and off.
Very lightweight, worked ok, but excessive pilling when washed. Next washer & dryer load got the residue even though I cleaned the washer & dryer.
I bought these for hanging clothes on my clothes line outside. The first one I used, it snapped in half. Anything heavier than a t-shirt would snap in half, actually. By the time I finished hanging up my first load of laundry, I had already broken 10 of these clothespins! So I put these away, and bought a sturdier, larger clothespin. My recommendation: use these for crafts only, not hanging clothes.
This is such a waste of money! Super cheap I think I could have gotten a better one at the dollar store. Save yourself the trouble of ordering these. So not worth the money! I will be returning these!
The order arrived incomplete - did not incur the Sewing Trimmer.
Amazon delivery is terrible, no notice just dropped it of in a field near the home.
If I was in my office now I would show a picture of what it looks like. This picture took more than 2 weeks to come in. I'm thinking it will look like the pictures shown on Amazon. No. It has white boarders around it and it is folded like a poster board. I had to use tacks to put it on the wall but it makes everything looks a mess. The painting is pretty but it wasn't what was advertised.
The upper and middle sections of the broom won't even screw together so I can't use it. Waste of money.
You only get one drape, not two as pictured or as the title would lead to believe by the title drapes.
Fits vac, but does not stop the smell of the dirt bag. Bag is factory replacement for vac. Not a good purchase.
Fan stopped working a few days after the 60 days time for customer support. I wish I could try again and hope for a motor that lasted. It was wasted money for me and now will go out in the trash. I've had similar fans that lasted for many years. Two months is not worth the cost. So disappointed.
I heard glass break and when I looked over the candle had shattered. My wood fireplace mantle shelf was starting to burn. Very dangerous, nothing like this has ever happened and I burn a lot of candles. If I had not been in the room, it may have ended with fire?
Alignment pin on the first try broke and the chisel bit portion of the tool now slips when trying to split the nut. Poor quality wouldn't buy again.
Perfect size for our family of 6 but it quit working after using it 5 times. It would sometimes quit working before finished cooking but would start again once it had cooled down. Now it wont turn on at all
you get what you pay for
This item is potentially dangerous. It does not fit together as it should. I am returning it.
I didn't receive the knitting needles I ordered. Instead received some odd makeup product. The needles cannot be returned so I can't send back the bogus makeup. I can't seem to get anywhere with this issue since there are no returns! At my wits end!
It could not go over transitions between rooms and constantly got stuck. It could not figure out how to get to the next room. I returned this and the customer service was good and refunded my money.
I received the product but it had a defective part. Contacted seller through Amazon and they said they'd ship a replacement ASAP. Provided my address and sent 3 emails and left a voicemail requesting status. No response. It's been over 2 weeks since I first contacted them. Poor customer service.
Ruined Christmas! This was suppose to be from Santa! We did not check inside because the box was not damaged in any form and because it took over eight days to arrive and we were leaving town. We wrapped the box and wrote from Santa. When opening on Christmas morning powder bags had holes and spilled everywhere, cups and lids cracked, my little one was so confused thank God she is very understanding. Very disappointed with the company and product! Never again buy from this company!
We have prefab shower walls with no texture. I am highly disappointed that after cleaning area and following directions thoroughly, this product would not stay put.
There were always some points that disappointed me. I was expecting better than this. The worst purchasing experience. You will regret buying it. Much worse than I was expecting! Regret.
Ordered 12 3.5 inch sand dollars. Received 7 unbroken ones and 3 at bottom of box in ziplock bags that were obviously sent broken.
Very disappointed with this clothesline. The line is not taught and it sags as soon as clothes are put on the line. Will not purchase again!
i did not even get what i asked for
Not a projected 3D image. Just a piece of plastic.
The first time i ordered a stash jar, i got it completely broken. Contacted the seller and they refunded my money and said i could order again. I ordered another stash jar and it was returned by the carrier. I'm just order something else from another seller.
Couldn't use them.... Threw them away...
Well i received my package and the box was in pretty bad shape and completely open when I got my amazon package, not to mention I didn't receive the spare filter that it stated it had, I really liked this for the one day that it worked and then it completely died out on me. I would either like the seller to replace this for me and make sure it actually isn't a used model or give me a full refund.
Want a refund item didn't work
I order on Amazon all of the time. This is the first review that I have ever written. I feel it's important, because these candles catch on fire. When they burn down until about a half an inch of wax left they light up like an actual flare. I placed all of these around a Wine tasting room for a party- towards the end of the night the candles all flared up. Thank God out of my 150 guests, about half of them were firefighters... so they calmly took care of the candles, submerged them in water and threw them out. Do not buy these.
I don't understand how this has such good reviews. It does not work at all - does nothing but shred the cork. (and yes, I know how to use a corkscrew - this one just doesn't work). I will be sending this back immediately.
Had only a month before they started coming apart
They fade after a few weeks in the sun! Indoor use only!
I like the lotion but I'm very disappointed when I received mine, the cap of it was broken! Packaging should be wrap in a bubble to prevent from this...see the pictures.
These towels are not solid white. There is a thick blue stripe through the middle of the towel. I needed solid, white towels. Since they did not match the item description, I returned them.
Very poorly produced product. Great Idea as a gift but the product quality is very poor. Don't buy it.
Most of them are mottled and stained. I don't recommend.
Really hard to get off paper
We've used this for about a year now. It's definitely not waterproof, is water resistant depending on how much liquid hits it at one time, and easy to wash... but the no slip grip on the back flakes into tons of crumbs that are all over the couch, floor under it, etc and they are never ending. The dog ate a hole in it and it's ripped from nonstop use and I think it served us well - but I won't purchase again because of the crumbly/flakey back.
I really liked this product at first, but I just went to change my sheets and noticed that it's falling apart and pilling after 1 month of use. Haven't even washed it if I'm being honest. Spend your money elsewhere.
The pliers were horrible and would not compress the snaps correctly. I had to go to the main snap company, not this place, and get new pliers and snaps - they work great. I threw these away. Buy name brand. Oh and there were no instructions with this set - had to look online for them. Run away.
I was hoping this would work on cooking oil stains, but it doesn't work - even when applied immediately after getting the stain. Very disappointed - huge waste of money!
I didn't even try to use it because it is not water repellent. It was advertised as something that could be used to keep water away from a window, or in a shower... but it is fabric, absorbs water and will not keep anything water resistant. Also, I could not return with Amazon- which is disappointing.
Waste of time and money I threw it away.
Loved it while it worked but it stopped working after less than 6 months
Paper thin and ill fitting. These stretch out SO much that you end up sleeping on a pile of wrinkled up sheets, and basically have to re-make the sheets on the bed every day! Would NOT recommend buying these.
I was looking for soft support, and this provides ZERO support. It is akin to having no pillow at all.
I'd give it no stars if I could. It's a waste of money. It's like someone made this at home and is selling it on amazon. I'd return it but it would cost be half of what I spend to buy it. It's just not what I expected at all. Very disappointed.
I have no idea where this thing was shipped from but amazon never even knew I received it. It's dull. It's angled weird. It doesn't cut at all. It went in the trash.
I bought this for my teen daughter to use on her loft bed to put her journal. A book and phone . The Velcro did not stick so the item did not stay on rail - and the cotton material ripped in about a month and a half . Poor quality and disappointing as it seemed like a useful product
I thought it'd be like the one I purchased from aldi & it was horrible - not much speed/rotations and seemed to be easier just using a toothbrush
the images are inacurate the quality of the necklace is horrible and not like the image also the actual necklace Is small. personally I would not recommend
This is the only incense I ever buy - so I know what it “should” smell like. The Incense I received is in the vampire blood packaging but each individual bag in each box was not sealed as it normally is and the incense is not vampire blood and is disgusting!!! I would like a full refund!!
One feature they promoted was that the handle was made so that the refills stay in place and don't easily slip down. Definitely not true. Rolled it in a straight line to clean my car seat. Refill slipped down the handle, had over an inch paper cut.
These are not tiles, they are thick stickers. Really, really cheap looking. Also, dimensional information is in the product description/pictures, but the "tile" is very small. Not close to a more standard subway tile.
I was really looking forward to using this a lot but after the first use it cracked and broke and i had to return it
Traps don't go off by a mouse. All the traps have been wiped out of the bait but none triggered. You need to push down on them with a stick or something. A mouse is not heavy enough it seems.
There is nothing inside of it to anchor the 25 pound weighted blanket therefore it wads up into a knot and is useless.
The clasp came broken cant use it at all so disappointed
Hottest sheets I've ever purchased. My husband and I just sweat buckets when using these. Had them on the bed a week then straight to the trash.
Didn't have instructions Appeared to be larger on picture I wish I could return it ASAP
Wow, not only were these expensive, I bought a fitted and a flat cot sheet, but they look like a larger sheet was just cut in half and sewed roughly to keep from raveling. I may well return these. Terrible quality. They do fit the cot mattress, but are not worth the price.
Very disappointed when I received this. All I got was the green part, nothing else..no lights, or anything. Horrible
The item arrived with a big grease streak across the tail. I returned it.
The picture was not as vibrant as what was shown. The worst was that the right top side of the picture was warped and puckered. You could also see the middle brace on the picture side. Poor quality.
It would have been a great purchase, except for the fact that the order was short 2 full ounces. Always check the weight.
Delivery was perfect, but honestly impossible to put together. The shelves are not adequately sized for the racks and are bending the sides of the support. Wish I didn't buy....
This was extremely hard to figure out. No matter what way I went to use it I couldn't get any help. And to make things worse the blue foam came completely off.
When it arrived, the words were all out of order so it didn't make sense. I returned it, called Amazon to show them that the one that doesn't make sense is pictured on the listing & to make sure I didn't get that one again. I got that one again. It's not like you could cut it to make the words right because of the way they are laid out on wall hanging. It's one big sheet.
I bought this safe as used because it's in a damaged box. It doesn't have anything with it. No instructions. Just a safe which is locked. I have no idea how to open it. Therefore its useless to me unless someone can tell me how to open it. Maybe keys and instructions are inside.
Soft material and smooth to touch but HOT! This material is not cotton and it retains heat in night and makes you sweat. I am not a hot or sweaty person, but I hate theses sheets. Even with a light blanket and AC on, the sheets don't breathe and make my legs sweat! We went back to only using 100% cotton sheets and are much happier and more comfortable!
I originally loved this but it pealed within a month. Definitely not outdoor
One star if that. Bought the product almost a week ago and it is so smelly we still can't go into the room without getting a headache. We were hoping it would go away, but we've had it rolled out in the room with the window open and a fan exhausting the air out and have flipped it over once. In the trash it goes as it's impossible to ship back. It's also not true memory foam either. When I press my hand down into it and hold it, immediately bounces back when I let go. I have 3 other foam pads all of which are much more durable and never smelled after the first day. Reading the more recent reviews, instead of the ones from 2017- would have alerted me to the bad smell, eg May 24, 2018.
Not as I see, It looks a lot bigger on this picture.
I ordered this as a "wearable" for cold days at my daughter's games. It is nothing more than a throw! NO POCKETS, NO BUTTONS, NO HOOD as shown in the picture. Completely disappointed and false advertising!
i regret buying this item. i received with dent and broken key and the other half left in the lock so cheap so bad product.
Product was damaged when I got it. It is completely cracked in the top right corner. What ever material it's made out of it's not wood, plastic, or metel.... it's almost like a lesser quality cork board inside. I will be returning the product first thing in the morning.
Very small & crack on one.
Very poor quality. All bristles are the same and thus only work well in cleaning tile and grout.
This item is supposed to be a set. I only received the wick trimmer and not the rest of the set.
Bought and it seemed like a good buy. Started to come apart. It's held together with cheap glue. It's a watch case, so it's not like it gets abused. Went to open it and the top portion was coming apart from the lid. Don't wast your money.
One of two frames came broken and surprisingly "this item is not eligible for return". Waste of money
What a piece of crap. The description claims this can hold 50 records. I had maybe 25 records in it, and going while going through them (maybe a week after buying), the wood broke, the front panel came flying off, and several records went toppling onto my toes and the ground. One of them broke inside of its sleeve. Even if it hadn't broken, the grooves on the wood are not parallel on each side; they don't actually hold your records straight. This product is atrocious, please don't use it if you value your vinyl collection. I'd give zero stars if possible. I'm extremely upset.
I got sent a USED one! I am livid. There was water marks in the tank, aswell as crystals on the lid. There were water marks on the adult face mask. The charging cord was white with painters tape wrapped around it. No instructions came in it, and the box was obviously opened multiple times!
Took almost a month to get to me, can buy at any craft store for less!
I bought this mattress cover because of the picture showing the fluffy topper and the many great reviews. It arrived quickly, but that was the only thing that was true from the reviews. While it does fit with plenty of room around my Queen sized bed, it has little to no cushioning. I bought it because my foam mattress is very stiff and not comfortable. Per the many reviews it was supposed to make it more like a pillow top, but there is hardly 1/4" padding. I'll keep it because it would be more trouble to send back than it's worth, but will not recommend this to anyone.
Haven't been on our bed for more than five days and they are already ripping everywhere. For the price I paid definitely not worth it. Would gives you zero stars if I could. Total rip off
Was difficult to use, difficult to keep set and eventually it broke, snapping in half. Poor quality of a poor design.
VERY THIN and CHEAP looking. I set it down and my husband came in the door and it immediately had a shoe print on the mat. Shows dirt easily and looks like a piece of thin foam on the floor. Not worth the price.
Squirted water all over the place. The steam doesn't last and the water runs out quick. I used once while traveling and just ended up leaving it behind. Was a waste of money!
Maybe I missed it but I didn't realize assembly was required. That was a let down. Also not all the pieces fit where they were supposed to go. So now I have a half assed sunglasses stand. I do not recommend this product. It looks like a grade schooler tried to build it in shop class. It's definitely not worth the price.
Sent it back. It gets super hot and you can get burned too easily just by touching the front if you get too close.
Did not include all parts!
I never ordered these
This product was horrible. The first time I used them the corners tore at the stitching. I would not recommend this product to anyone.
Not worth it. Seat is smaller than pictured. To sit facing the handle is very awkward but you need to sit that way so you don't fall over! Tri-pod legs too hard for elderly.
This clay is ridiculously hard, it's past it's useable time frame. I did not order this during the summer so that isn't the issue. And it isn't that it needs conditioning/softening, I understand how that is done but it's just bad clay. I was told there is a no return policy! How is that right? I should have know the pricing was too good to be true, not worth it. DO NOY BUY THIS PRODUCT!
When it arrived, it was an empty spool with no ribbon on it.
Poor customer service received broken just given the runaround poor value find another company
Did not arrive on time
Wayyyyy too hot could not use
If you like very, very lumpy pillows, then this one is for you! It's almost as if the filling has broken apart and is in sections. I'd recommend just going to Target and picking up something you can actually put your hands on first.
I bought this 60" round cover with elastic edge. I have a 60" round table. It doesn't fit. It doesn't even come CLOSE to fitting the table! It's at least 10 inches too small. They aren't truthful about sizes and don't provide guidance in buying. Buy only Made In USA.
I did several tests to determine whether or not it was real amber, and it failed all of them. I'm fully convinced this is just a plastic necklace.
For the few minutes these were attached to my window they did a great job blacking out my daughter's room. Unfortunately, that only lasted for about 10 minutes before they lost adhesion and fell down. I tried to reattach them multiple times and they never stayed. Pretty disappointed I wasted the money when they didn't even last for a day.
Horrible. Does not even come in one piece, you have to place it together, cheap vinyl that doesn't stick well. Not worth the price. Stay away.
Wrong size. I want to return item and order the right size from the same company as I like the product but there is no return info.
This is a heavy off white cheap duvet cover. We used one week and gave it away. The only positive are the buttons.
I used it for 2 days and the glass broke
Mask was broken, extremely cheap material, this isnt worth $5
does not transfer image onto canvas. Horrible.
It stopped working after 1 week and I cannot determine how to get a refund.
Great price lousy product. Plastic tongue is so short that brush is good for two or three strokes before OT bends over and collapses. You get what you pay for.
Loved these when I took them out of the package and put them in a planter. Bright, vibrant, and realistic. After one week outside, they had faded to a very pale pink (almost white) and looked like plastic flowers. They went back! The yellow ones I got still look great after 2 months.
Would like to leave -1 stars I have had 3 professional boot makers look at this machine and try to fix it but I will not work I have spent 6 days consistently trying to fix this thing Besides it not being operable the casting job on this machine looks awful
With the first fire a part cracked at bottom welding. After 10-15 more fires the bottom of grate is melted and distorted. Also due to low height it is difficult to clean ashes under it. We will replace this with something more durable.
These had absolutely zero support. I bough these to fill my king cases and use in between my legs during side sleeping. These are so flimsy it feels like a cotton ball between a pillowcase. When I place it between my knees, my knee bones touch through the pillow. So very disappointed for the price.
We received this product and it was in solid form. Unusable.
The 1st one ordered leaked from the on/off switch. it provided soap inconsistently as the sensor was not working properly. Since I had already made holes in the wall during installation, I accepted a replacement, which also was faulty. The dispenser leaked soap throughout a 3 day period. If I could give this less than 1 star, I would.
This particular listing for the poster was NOT THE ORIGINAL POST that my husband and I read over several times to make sure it was indeed the DVD because we had earlier thought we were getting the movie and got a CD and a DVD of Willie Nelson's career and we did NOT want to make that mistake again. The POSTER came in the mail and we are like "what is this" came to Amazon to review our order and GUESS WHAT THE LISTING IS NOW FOR A POSTER...(NOT A DVD). The poster has been returned but we HAVE NOT RECEIVED A REFUND.
Air purifier not working correctly with this filter . Blowing white dust everywhere . 😟
Can't review something that has never arrived.
I got it yesterday but it is broken so now I should get another one
This picture frame arrived all scratched up and used/old looking. We are unhappy.
At first I thought this product was working I would see a normal house hold bug here and there. Then my neighbor brought in roaches and these things didnt work for that. Especially after the orkin man came I kept seeing them. I seen one a day. They got so bad that I had to go stay at a hotel. Sorry I dont deal with bugs well. They are gross. This product didnt protect me against them.
ordered two of these and they both came with misssing and broken parts.
I dont know what happened. worked totally fine first couple of days i used it. I left it charged overnight and picked it up and a little water spilt out, but that happened several times before, bu the power just went super low. It is running, but its running as if its on extra low setting. is it possible that the water could have shorted out the fan? If so this is a terrible design for it to break itself so easily. Any suggestions on how to fix it?
To small to thin waste of money
Stopped working after a few months of infrequent use.
Did not work well for me.
Maybe the microbes were already dead in my batch? I don't know, but did absolutely nothing for my drain, over multiple uses and multiple weeks/months.
Having major problems keeping a charge. Called Dirt Devil soon as after purchase said to unplug 5 min replug and charge. Did that worked for a while now not working. Have only had 4 months.
I love this type of pin and mine are old and dull. Happy! Edit: These pins are as dull as the ones they were replacing. Very disappointed.
I was charged for these bins but they never arrived. Amazon showed they were delivered, but when I went into where it was delivered it was delivered to someone 5 states away. There is no phone number to contact the company and Amazon was very difficult to work with since it came from a private seller. Be careful not to order from this seller.
Initially iron worked great, but after just a couple months of light use it began sporadically shutting off while in use. Now it won't turn on at all. Definitely disappointed.
Stopped working after one inch of sewing into the material. If I could give it negative stars, I would ...
Did not receive the painting I ordered. I had to return it.
Worked well for a few months and then suddenly wouldn't turn on one day.
It's very very stiff hard to use would not buy it again
Don't by these products. I ordered a dozen of them, received only 11, AND EVERY LAST ONE OF THEM was broken. This has very much ruined Amazon's credibility for me. If you want to buy breakable products, buy them in a brick and mortar store.
I ordered GENUINE Samsung water filters for the refrigerator and got after market ones instead. I've had leakage problems with after market filters in the past and was told to only use Genuine Samsung filters. Will be sending them back. Should have known the "sale" price was too good to be true.
This product came in a box only, not wrapped in any sort of plastic or protective covering. As you can see it is dirty as well!
I am in need of a warranty claim for this product, it is not working. It is still under the mfg warranty. Please help!
D-FUZZ-IT is a registered trademark, and those combs that I still have two are really good, and that is what I ordered, but instead I received a "COLLINS" Sweater and Fabric Comb, which, as I already tried it and is not nearly as good, and seems like they will not last long. I'm going to return them and complain to Amazon. The supplier should get only one star.
Shipping took a long time, but it looked nice once it arrived. However, I followed the washing instructions for the comforter and it ripped at the seams. Very disappointed as it even says you can wash the comforter.
I do not know anything about the product as far as baking. I bought it as a present for a friend who loves to cook. It came without the box shown, just in a brown outside carton that is usually used for shipping, so that there is no clear explanation about the contents. It may be OK for you, but if you're giving it as a gift, I would not recommend it.
Not like original. Becomes too limp to stand up and is starting to fall apart after two weeks.
The poster I received looks like someone zoomed in and took a picture and made it into a poorly printed poster. It's even cropped out Mordor that's shown on Amazon! Will be getting a refund.
We had it for 18 month. The first 12 month, we hardly use it but the battery died anyway. After 6 months, we decided to order a new battery and gave it another try. Just when we went through the three cycle of reinstall the battery, the machine demands us to clean the brush. We cleaned it many times but it won't work. What a money pit!!! Will never buy it again and will not recommend it to anyone.
As many have said the design is great and holds brushes and sponge, but no drip tray was included (as one other person said) so any residual moisture just runs through onto the counter. I will probably return it for this reason.
Missing seal so trash bc no one responds and amazon just jerks you around till you want to just give up.
I was expecting a vibrant cute purple but it's a dull purple. Purple is my favorite color so i like all different shades but this one is so dull. Im very dissatisfied with this purchase! Not happy
Straight feel ripped off 1 is quite & other loud because something's loose
Doesn't come with a cord and we bought batteries and it still doesn't work. The bags were hard to get out too and ripped. Not my best investment.
This is a great idea but I was disappointed that it doesn't fit my Shark. I may duct tape it to the hose for spring cleaning but can't use it for everyday.
The product is cheap and not fit correctly together. Rather have one quality product then three pile of trash
Got this product in early March and here it is the end of April and it's throwing sparks. No idea as to why but it is and smells of something on fire
Edge of this mat snapped right off when trying to unroll it after we received it Still usable but cheaply made for this to happen.
Plugged it in after purchasing and it immediately malfunctioned with a F2 issue on a controller. I called Sunbeam who took zero accountability for the issue, suggesting the issue with their product could have happened in Amazon's handling. I'll never purchase a Sunbeam product again.
Would not stay inflated
Horrible. Terribly dangerous. Baggie was no sealed. Spilled out on my shag rug. Could be eaten by pets or children. Searched for them for an hour. Probably missed some. Very unhappy.
i hated it because I could not get the crease out of it and when you unfold it the glue comes up where it has been folded and you cant see what the numbers or letters are very disatisfied
It blows good but quit working in a week. Little fingers can fit in the back. The levels are backwards
This is shit. Do not buy it. Looked nice when I put it up, but less than a day later, all of them have fallen. At first I thought they were Falling due to the heavy jewelry I was placing on them, but even the one holding one very delicate necklace has fallen. Don't waste your money here.
these are too tiny with too many details, unfortunately they simply do not work properly
Hard as a rock, could not get it to rub on wood drawer slides.
Doesnt last very long
Looks more like a moldy burrito
I opened the package and so disappointed to see that the wood that holds the fabric pocket is bent. that makes it look so ugly. I doubt it was from the shipping cause the box was fine.
The black end of the cylinder doesnt completely latch onto the vaccum like the ones that came with the shark. Due to this formality the vaccum filter doesnt sit properly in the chamber and likes to pop out while I'm vacuuming.
Does not allow for proper drying
This broke almost immediately, and I've made several attempts at contacting the manufacturer. Amazon makes this confusing and the company seems to make it almost impossible to get in touch with them. This worked for about 48 hours total. I would not suggest this product. Manufacturer- please get in touch with me.
We ordered a 24 pack and received only a 12 pack
DO NOT ORDER THIS ROD..Got the silver color & there is something black that rubs off this rod onto the drapes.
This is an opaque sheet that is CLEAR!!!!!!!! NO COLOR ON THE PLASTIC it is suppose to reflect or pick up the background colors but if there are none then it's clear
They are so small and my soap doesn't harden in-these for whatever reason! A waste of money!
I have used the bottles for less than a week and already 2 roller balls have fallen out. I'm sure the rest will as well. The bottles are not labeled so you have to guess as a few of the gemstones are very close in color. Would not recommend buying.
These didn't work at all. They didn't catch any hair.
Horrible and way over priced for only 5 star fish . Big disappointment
Love the color but the items were broken and glue was noticeable. Luckily I'm crafty and put them back together. Will not order again.
I bought this to replace an old Oregon Scientific Projection Clock that worked for many years. After several months, this one quit displaying the outdoor temperature, which is the main reason I bought it. Nothing I tried could make it work again. It's too late to return, but I won't buy another one.
I don't understand all the good reviews. I washed these sheets exactly as instructed before using. After the first wash, I noticed considerable pilling. After 4-5 washes now, they are extremely pilled. When I rollover at night, all I can feel is the pilling on my skin. Very scratchy and uncomfortable.
I got this months ago but gave it to my daughter for Christmas yesterday, today the entire foot part has come unhemmed. In only 1 day of use this is already in need of repair. It is very cute and soft but not very strongly made
received one large box instead of 15 silver boxes. What up?
This humidifier quit working 8 months after we got it.
I was dissatisfied with the product I purchase I tried to return it and get a refund but it was impossible, I received a message that I got a refund but how can it be a refunded if they never told me how to return the merchandise and when I look at my bank account there was no refund posted; this was my first time buying from amazon and my last, I will never buy from amazon again they make it impossible to get refunds, I got stock with something I don't like, and they have no customer service for you to get help. Very disappointed
Crushed... Arrived shrink-wrapped and misshapen. Would not buy this again.
It leaked the first time my son had an accident. I would return it if I could.
I am returning this product right away . The legs are unstable and the board rocks. It appears that the welding is defective on one side.
False advertising! These are NOT alcohol inks. I'm disappointed that Amazon would advertise these as such. Waste of money.
I sent this heater to my Mother. When it arrived at her house the box was held together by a single piece of tape and although the item appears intact it was very poorly packaged. The address label was very hard to read and several people were amazed that it had made it.
Buyer beware. I was excited to receive and use this steam mop. I opened the box and started to assemble the mop together and noticed scuff marks on the mop head and there was water in the water reservoir. This should have been advertised as used.
The fan doesn't turn on. This is a very cheaply made, swap-meat quality product. This will never be in stores. I question the positive reviews this has received.
I will not order from this company again as a third-party seller for Amazon.
The poster is some kind of fabric and the characters are blurry like the image was blown up to fit into 24x36
Trash. I literally threw it away bc it would t fucking work
Cheap, and smelt like petroleum. Not bad, visually. However - ended up throwing it out because it smelt THAT bad.
One had a copper top and other had brass. Also the short one was crooked.
This was such a waste of money. It's soooooo hot and makes you feel “stuck”. I hate this product so much. The buyers remorse is real with this one.
The item arrived broken & my refund wasn't processed.
I had high hopes for this product, but I simply could not get it aligned properly to fully seal the draft. After many attempts I shredded it and threw it in the garbage. Paper backed insulation worked the first time. I do not want a refund, and will never use this or suggest it to anyone.
Ordered this TWICE and never received it. It even charged my card.
Difficult to open and the hook broke off the first time I used it. (My purse is small to midsized and not very heavy.) Very disappointed.
The trash decal was already fused to the card that was supposed to protect it.
Had hardly any feathers. Only squares of nearly nothing.
It was very cheaply made. the stand broke as soon as I set it down
It was soo tiny. The regular white ones from dollar tree are bigger. I was disappointed in the size. Can barely even see it in the cake I had.
This is the worst item I've ever ordered from Amazon. The picture is misleading. DO NOT BUY THIS!! I read other comments and ordered it anyway. Every comment about how horrible this item is true! It wasn't even worth sending back.
These are very cheap looking. The red is a dull washed out red. The material is coarse and cheap feeling. The price reflects in the quality.
It is BROKEN WHEN I RECEIVED THE PACKAGE
You barely get what you pay for. The “solid” backing is cardboard like the cheap Walmart packing boxes, maybe even thinner with barely enough room for the poster! One of my posters was even a little over on the top! I have one frame I bought at a store for a few bucks more and the difference in backing, plastic thickness, and size was far superior in material quality. Definitely not buying these again.
I guess I'm not the only person to have a problem with this steamer. Definitely not great for traveling with. And the dreaded spitting of water, instead of steam. Disappointed to say the least. Don't waste your money.
Worked for about 1 days before it died. I returned it.
I would give 0 stars but I can't.... Doesn't stick to the wall at all and my walls are freshly painted... Totally disappointed!!!
When I received this knife, it could not even cut a piece of paper let alone carve wood. Tried to hone it and it would not take an edge.
Crooked flawed product. Ignored my messages. Amazon didn't care at all about one of their sellers rude behavior.
This is not a correct fit for the cross wave at all. It slides so there is a small gap unlike the original filter that came with my crosswave originally. It didn't suction well. There is a vast difference in performance when using this compared to the original filter that came with the crosswave. It's just poorly made overall, like it was rushed. I regret this purchase and urge you to get your filters from Bissell themselves.
Opened my package today ready to paint and all of the paint is DRIED out. So here I sit with no way to paint. Extremely disappointed!!!!
I bought 3 sets. Out of box, 4 of them did work. After 2 days, another 3 broke. I am an electric engineer and fairly handy. However, they build the candle in way that is not for fixing. Also, there are a few candle just turn on and off randomly. I guess it is also caused by unreliable circuit inside.
First, they send me the wrong mermaid jewelry box with a less attractive busted mermaid. Then, you cannot exchange or return it. Boo!
Never received item. Was given refund
I dont like that it is not comfortable the extra neck part is not as comfortable as I had hoped it to be.
The ad suggested that the tube would come in a length that you could cut down to the appropriate size. It came with short tubes ... that cannot be lengthened.
LUv this when it wired but 2 out of 3 purchased stopped working properly with light and diffusion in the first 2 months. I just stopped using the light, which is why I bought these. Now they stopped working!!!!!! I expected a lot longer life !
Please send me a replacement for this item which I have not received. I have ALREADY PAID FOR IT but never received. Thank you.
The twist lock stopped working after a week of use. Poor quality, very disappointed with Oxo.
I'm getting ready to send this pillow back! It's cheap and no support at all. You get what you pay for! It's only $18 compared to mostly higher priced ones. Oh well!
Suppose to be for a king size bed sized more for a twin but not worth the hassle of a return. I just gave it to the kids
Very disappointing. More dirt and dust on the outside case than in the dust bin.
The base is too small! Hangers fall right off.
Horrible item! Waste of money will never buy again! Extremely disappointed
This is very deceiving. It was poor quality and felt like thin paper. I had to go out and buy a new bed set.
ick. cheap polyester feeling. If you wanted something to drape well, so it's ok. If you want something you can sleep on, avoid at all cost.
I bought a California King/ king size comforter for my king size bed. It does not fit my bed. Sorely disappointed.
Extremely low quality! One of the brackets was broken during shipment. I tried gluing it together and it wont stay. On top of that it looks very flimsy and cheap. I honestly regret purchasing this item!
Prior to purchasing this product I read some reviews advising not to purchase this product but I figured I'd see for myself. That was a MISTAKE! This product worked great for the first 3 weeks but even after routine maintenance and cleaning I don't believe this product is worth your money. This product does assist in cooling a smaller space when ran on cool and packed with ice or the cooler packs provided! You do have to replace either option fairly quickly to keep the temperature cool. However I completed the 2 week recommended care but by “clean out” they really mean that you have to basically take apart the entire product (10+ screws) to get a thorough cleaning in. I've had this product for about 3 months and even with the completion of the routine care, it still stopped working! Unlike many amazon products- the return or exchange policy is very short- 1 month. 1 month of owning the product is not enough time to fully allow the cooler to run and determine the quality of it! I recommend not purchasing this product and spending a few more bucks on a quality brand!! Very disappointed for the amount of money I spent!
This is completely useless. It didn't even keep a pants hem up for one single day. You are better off just getting a couple safety pins. Honestly, it's billed as a temporary fix and it's not even that....
Nice ornament but very fragile -- showed up to my house as a completely smashed pile of broken glass.
I didn't like this duvet cover. It's like one I bought years ago, and took it off the bed and gave it to the cats to lay on. I won't buy another one.
No battery included and cannot find one to fit
These sheets are very comfortable- However the quality is far inferior than standard sheets. The corners of the sheets are tearing and the interior are literally worn through. I purchased them at a premium price and believe these quality issues require me to replace them far to soon.
I did not receive two scarfs as pictured on Amazon. There was only one (red) scarf that came with this order. I am not satisfied so I am returning it.
They are colorful, but they get little pieces of towel on the dishes. Had to use another towel I have to get the little pieces off my dishes.
They are too small for bottom of tub. They are actually dangerous as they have no traction and become even more slippery when wet. Waste of money.
Buyer Beware!! Photo shows a real Kate Spade Dot ring holder on the right, and what I believe is a FAKE ordered from this seller on the left. I owned an original of this ring holder, purchased at Nordstrom, which I absolutely loved and used daily for a few years. I bought another for my daughter after she admired mine (that's the real one shown in the picture). Unfortunately, I recently dropped and broke mine, so I was looking for a replacement. The picture in this listing looked exactly the same as mine, so after doing some shopping around I finally ordered it. It arrived today, and the box and Lenox papers looked authentic, but when I saw the holder I immediately knew something was “off” about it. Here is what is wrong: First, the bottom lacks the concave indentation, and without that the holder just spins around. Secondly, what looks like glass (with wavy flaws) is dull in comparison to the original crystal. Thirdly, the original was made in one piece, and as the picture of this listing shows, it gently curves upward to the post. The copy I received appears to be two pieces attached at the base of the post. And lastly, the post itself is suppose to be thicker and flat topped (as shown in the photo), but the one I received is thinner and rounded at the tip. So much is “off” on this piece, which is obviously a poor imitation, that I am not hesitating to send it back. It's definitely not worth the price!
Cheap stuff This light strip has cheap quality. The adapter is burning like crazy. It is heating up so fast. The light keeps blinking. It used cheap materials.
Product sheds 1/3 of it's weight in the 1st wash! Definitely not luxury...
Never received it. Super annoying!!!!!!!!!!! I want my money back!!!!!!!
this looks like trash, you cant even identify what it is! total rip off couldn't be more disappointed
Product missing from shipping package. Asking for refund.
Per the description, these should have fit my Crosswave. While they did "fit" they did not suction up any water at all. As you can see in the picture, these are slightly different than the ones I got from Bissell with my Crosswave.
Product was severely bent to the point that we were unable to completely put it together. It said it was a discount used item, but that is not the same as a ruined product.
I am very upset with this order! I don't know if I am suppose to return all or just the part of product I am upset with. In fact I have a total of 3 of same order that's not right.
If I could give zero stars and still write a comment...I WOULD!!!! In all honesty I'd like to write an honest review of the ACTUAL PRODUCT! But, I haven't received it yet! It's been a week and a half. Ordered Wednesday June 13th. Guaranteed 2 day delivery, to be received by end of day, Friday June 15th. Today is FRIDAY, JUNE 22nd. Tracking shows my “product is in Jacksonville, FL...and has been since LAST FRIDAY! What's going on?! No where can I find to “contact seller”! I've initiated a return and refund....but I actually have to have the product to do that's! Don't I? So what am I to do, other than write a review on it! Be warned folks! Sometimes you lose with these guys!
After first use there were grease stains that wont come out. And they're super noticeable. Very disappointed, had to throw out after washing 3 times trying to get the stains out.
Not only are these very short in height, the plastic is cheap. A piece broke off as I was stretching it out, with very little help. Material is below quality.
Broke paint all over YUK.
The item came broken, and looked like it was used and broken by someone else. Would not ever buy from this company again!!!
Not only did it come with one of the leafs broken, the lead WAS NOT EVEN IN THE BOX. It literally was shipped out, broken. Unacceptable.
This didnt cure, no matter WHAT I did
Bought because they were advertised as self adhesive. After pick at the backs for 15 minutes in figured out they weren't self adhesive
I would have like to have contacted someone privately rather than write a review, but this is how it arrived. I work on a boat for 6 weeks at a time in Alaska, I can't simply just send it it back and wait for a new one. I get mail only every 2 weeks. I just wanted an undamaged sketchbook with out the hassle of figuring out out how to get to a printer and a ups store, when just getting a cell signal is a feat.
Straps were sowed on incorrectly. The front of the dress does not lay flat. Tried to get it fixed & since the top was made poorly & incorrectly I am unable to get it fixed. Now we are out money because the return window has closed. Very unhappy with this purchase!
I ordered this item for a holiday gift for my boss but it arrived smashed into a million pieces with glitter everywhere. The seller did not package it with any protection around the candle or in the box. Very disappointed and upset!
IT'S VERY UGLY AND HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH THE PICTURE!!! THE MATERIAL IS VERY CHEAP !!!
BEWARE JUNK. While it worked it was fine. Obviously cheaply made but it worked. Then a day later it decided to stop. I recommend you buy a reputable brand. The last space heater I bought lasted over 10 years. This junk lasted about a day.
Cheaply made. Pictures are deceiving. Have not installed
When I took the item out of the packing it was damaged
Do not buy this blanket! Sheds like a mangy dog! Seriously. Noticed, before washing , that lint was coming off on sheets and clothing so I washed and dried it. Incredible shedding!! Tumble dried THREE times to try and get all the lint off. Still shedding! This blanket is NOT usable! May make a suitable dog blanket, if your dog isn't picky.
For the price, I was expecting much more. It also has a short life. Not recommended.
Did not last long a waste of money it just stopped working I was very unhappy with it and by time Ineeded to send back it was to late
I bought this product Aug. 27th and now on october 4 (just a few days past my return window), the vacuum made a weird noise, started smoking and now has no suction. I am very dissatisfied and annoyed that I cant return a defective item
Did not reduce noise
These are cheap plastic, I am returning them
looked cheap, wanted to return but the shipping back was 1/2 the cost
The chair covers were very cute but the material was like a thin felt and completely came apart on two chairs in less than a week. Might work “for show” only, but not good for day to day living with kids
It's so pretty but doesn't really have a smell unless you put it up to your noise. It's pretty but that's it. Only keeping until I find something that really works 🤷🏻‍♀️
Don't like it at all. Has to pour water and messy. Would return it but I used it.
My mattress doesnt feel any better, still hard as a rock and uncomfortable. Feels like i did nothing but put an extra sheet on the bed. Very disappointing.
Cheap, gaudy, ugly. Don't buy. Even at $1 it's too much to pay. These deserve a minus five rating.
shipped me the wrong one
It was nice when you first get it and when it got dirty it was hard to clean because it would stripe and it seemed like you had to clean both side constantly. I gave it one star because it looks like the picture.
Very small, not at all like the pictures. Also, the sewing on the trim does not match.
Horrible looks nothing like the picture. Very upset with what I got. Very cheap looking and ugly overall.
The latches on these break very easily. Almost half of them were broken upon arrival and the tabs broke off more just trying to get the totes out of the boxes. Still used, but had to tape shut (defeats the purpose of buying latching totes).
Does not put out any heat.. Wasnt expecting such a small product
I ordered a large, they sent me a small.
They look good right out the package, but they are absolute garbage at what they're meant for. The bones crack with the slightest amount of effort. The bone-break pictured broke at a hole I pre-staked before I even put the leg in. It cracked with barely any force applied...
Unit failed after just one year, no.abuse.or improper use. Customer service not concerned. Disconnected my call twice while on.hold. only talked with person after 3rd call.
I received and unpackaged this 8 days ago for my guest bed. It has been sitting on it for 8 days now and it is still only 1/4" thick except for where it was folded during delivery (and therefore not fully compressed). It is as if it was stored so long in a fully compressed state that it no longer has the ability to expand. I even flipped it after 4 days. On the plus side, it never did have that odor others mention. No way to ship back.
Sounded like a great idea and product. Excited to have my assistant coaches over for a whiskey and serve them with baseball ice. Didn't happen. First they arrived late and then when I filled them up, set them in the freezer. 2 days later opened up the freezer to find a sheet of ice and 1/2 baseball cubes. Didn't hold water and leaked out the sides. Tried them again to same result. Even filled them up and set on the counter on paper towels to see if I could determine where they leaked from. Ended up with half full molds and wet paper towels. In the trash now. It was a good idea just missed in execution.
Not what I wanted. Seller refusing retun.
Had to modify the holder by using a utility knife to cut the opening a little wider. Then the holder's tabs broke after about a week and was not usable after that.
Very flimsy broke on day 1
7 of the 12 balls arrived broken / in pieces. I purchased a used set that stated that only the package was damaged. I need these for a project so I can't wait for a return/replace but I'm definitely dissapointed.
Hardly smells like a Yankee Candle should! I've been buying only Yankee Candles for years, the quality of the candle has declined so much I'm not even sure it's been lit. Cant smell them anymore, this scent should fill a small room very well, it does not.
Do not like the fabric...its like flannel!
These containers were good quality, but I had to return them because I couldn't get the tags off of them. I wanted to use them in my RV fridge.
Very disappointed. The outside plastic is in perfect condition yet the stencil is broken in two places exactly in the same spots as one of the other customers reviews. I had ordered this to used on a project that was time sensitive and now I'll have to find something else because of the poor quality control. A huge inconvenience and very disappointing because the actual design is very cute and the perfect size that I needed.
Have had this sheet set on my bed for a little over a month and the fitted sheet is pilling! So disappointed!
It's a very cheap watch and it's not even worth the long wait.
Slips and moves around alot.
There's not a battery included with the fan...really? :(
I don't like it 1 st time i used it broke it.
Doesnt work like it claims to. Kept sliding off my table and became more of a hassle rather than a help
This vacuum is not worth it. Doesn't clean well and can't even pick up dog hair on hard wood
Totally fails at the job of keeping down from escaping. Feathers go through the protector as easily as they go through the original pillow covering. Definitely not as advertised.
This item arrived open and without any of the screws, basically is use less.
Bought two colors in the same size and got two different sizes. Needed them for tomorrow so now I'm stuck.
this item was never sent. this is a total scam to get your money and hope you forget you ordered it.
THE SMELL IS AWFUL. I HAVE BURNED ABOUT FOUR AND THEY ALL SMELL TERRIBLE. WILL NOT BUY AGAIN.
Product is a bit flimsy, but more annoying is that it was packaged without two necessary cardboard dividers. Without those, the third tier is incomplete.
Not effective. Very uncomfortable.
My product came broken bc they don't package it securely. I cut myself on the glass taking it out of the package because it broke! That's ridiculous.
Please don't waste your money, product is cheap and tears easily. I've used it 3 days and poof done Very disappointed
It was amazing when it was working. I went through several sweaters and make them look brand new. My only complaint was that I want one with a larger discard cup so I could keep shaving. Minor complaint. After a couple of weeks of not using it, I attempted to shave a few more articles of clothing. It stopped working. I tried changing batteries, but to no avail. My shaver is officially dead. I tried to call customer support but keep missing office hours. I just need to schedule the phone call during the week. Not sure if others had this problem or if mine was just a dud.
If I could give this zero stars, I would. They were so easy to apply and appeared to stick well when I applied them. And as soon as the shower water hit them, the decals separated from the tub floor. What a waste.
The edging of the blankets is VERY dangerous for kittens/cats!!! My kittens are 6 months old, and one started licking the edging - thank God we were in the room, as the edging got stuck on his tongue and he couldn't get it off!!! VERY DANGEROUS!!! It was stuck in the tongue barbs and couldn't release - he would have choked.
My fan came with 2 missing parts. Called the company and was put on hold. Left a voice mail which was never returned. Emailed them and got no response.
My daughter was so excited to get this light for Easter! It worked well at first, but now a month later, it randomly blinks and turns off on its own. We thought it was maybe the outlet connection, so we added batteries, but the same thing happens! 😡 super frustrating!
These barely stick at all! I had to tape them down despite being labeled “self-stick.” They did not stick!
Don't by this , very bad quality !
never got the item. and never bought from this seller again.
Do not purchase.so cheap broke on me after 2 months
I've had this comforter for a month and threads are coming apart all over the blanket. Do not recommend.
Purchased this in beige, but it came in YELLOW.
The order was late and I received the incorrect color!
I purchased this product for my granddaughters bedroom, they don't glow AT ALL!!
During setup, the device would not turn on. I called customer service and found out there is no customer service. All I could do was leave my name and phone number. As of this writing there's been no response. My device arrived without a remote control as well as the cleaning brush. After close inspection it was found that the kill switch in the access door was broken. I am a foolish consumer who believed in all of the reviews of this device. I believed in all the hype on YouTube about this device. I am just grateful that Amazon was willing to have UPS come out and pick up the device and ship it back. Aesthetically, the device looks like something from the 40s as a trash-bin if anyone remembers, where you put your foot on the pedal at the bottom and the top flips out for your trash. What gives with the 2 1/2 foot plug? What came to me painfully, is that this is another company that's only interested in profit and not an outstanding product. Good luck to any of you who purchased this device.
One of the four arrived with a piece of plastic broken off right in the front, so it's visible even when using the stand. They are cheap plastic and lightweight.
Well have to say the tape worked to keep my breasts from slipping out of my bra all day, but when I removed the tape after 12 hours my skin was raw and tender. States that the product is hypoallergenic or else I would not have purchased. Would not recommend.
Hi I didn't received anything yesterday, where is my order?????
Took 3 times to get the right color
This was totally useless since it did not serve its purpose. Water sprayed through the material onto the floor so it defeated its purpose of a shower curtain. If you buy, use a pvc liner to make it waterproof.
Dislike this product. I could smell the fragrance only when i picked it up. Not able to smell when placed in different places. Disappointed and won't purchase again.
Ordered white crayons and received blue. Box said white! Amazon replaced it with another box. Guess what came today? Blue crayons and yes the box says white.
That product broken immediately, extremely fragile.
This is not an ironing board cover, but rather a flat piece of fabric in the shape of an ironing board. No padding, no straps, cords or belts to attach it to the ironing board - it just lays on top of it!!!
These are red hot garbage. They are way too thin to get a decent image out of. Don't bother with these.
Not usable in a home because of it's high electric status of 240 Volts instead of the 120 Volts AC used normally in regular plug in .
awful fan. don't fit in the window, too big. don't generate enough power. only two power levels. Avoid.
DO NOT BUY THIS, IT IS NOT MEMORY FOAM, it is as if they put tissue wrapped with duct tape in head/back rest. Horrible quality, horrible product!
This thread breaks with every use. I got for leather
I just got my mirror, it's broken into small pieces. I'm asking you to get my money back
i didn't receive anything
SO DISAPPOINTED IT CAME BROKEN....ITS A BEAUTIFUL MIRROR. IM AFRAID TO ORDER ANOTHER....
Worked 3 times then died
after following instruction, the cake turned out burn at the outside but still raw inside. tried in several different time still can't get it right.
Two months later and it still leaves me covered with blue fluff. Never knew I can be so disapointed by a towel!
Super cute pattern but it was not at all what I thought I was getting based on the description. I originally ordered a toddler size dinosaur bedding set and I received a twin. When I click the item from my original order now it takes me to a different style, different size. I feel deceived.
I purchased this based on other reviews that it is very quiet and the fan works well. Unfortunately this fan is too noisy and is not effective. I am returning it.
I ordered several decals from different vendors, this by far is the WORST! It's not mounted on the backing so it's very do-it yourself and took forever to get stuck to the backing so it could be wall mounted. Ave your money, buy elsewhere. This looks like a poorly done home job on a cricut machine instead of professional.
I received this toilet brush set March 11, 2018 and have only used the brush a couple of times.. Today when I picked it up, the brush had fallen off of the handle. I wanted to return the item but apparently the "window" to return expired 30 days after delivery. My last toilet brush was a cheap one from the dollar store. It lasted over 6 years. To say I am disappointed in the quality of this item is an understatement.
Extremely tiny. Tipped over a couple times. I had to keep adjusting the width to finally get it to stay. Update: ass soon as I opened the 2nd one, it broke apart. Not going to chance ordering another one. I'll just got to my local Target
Never received my order. Never received a refund, not even a response from the seller. Not worth it
Very small and cheaply made
Waited and waited while kept getting notices from Amazon for these to come. Finally after saying they would be here last nite I got a notice saying they were sent back due to damage. I have received others from same company that are fine so will try again. Things happen.
we, my husband and i were gagging when we sprayed in the room. it is not "ROSE" THAT WE SMELL, this is why i will try never to buy thing that fragrances on line.
The quality is very poor. Even a kid can remove the screen guard. One drop and it breaks. NOT WORTH
Thought they would handle a 20 foot opening night of 20 inch!
I didn't like that I never received it and they never returned my email.
Horrible molds. Just went to use these today and 3 of the crystal molds were ripped. Also noticed a defect in another one. What a waster of money.
I never got this item
We are still having problems! I purchased over a month ago and I am still getting bit. We took the box springs off the bed and found these bed bugs stains and there is also a bed bug.
Received them 3 days ago, used them for a grand total of 5 hours and the pens are already running out of ink.
The sheets were thinner than expected but figured that might be fine because of the high reviews. I wanted to make sure they would fit on the bed before washing and as I went to open up the package I realized the sheets were very dirty or moldy in a variety of places. I took only one picture but there were several areas like it. Gross :( will be returning these....
Its might be my fault but I with cover was pronounced
Do not purchase. Even if you can't find in store DO NOT waste your money you kids will be extremely disappointed if they are LOL fans.
They do not stay on anything. We hung them all on the wall and door, and within an hour they had all fallen.
Four of the ten ornaments were broken.
Zipper does not work
Am very disappointed!! Very small and cheep. Don't waist your money!!!!!!
Colors are not accurate.
Super unsturdy. When I received the product is was damaged, a corner of the bottom platform had chipped off. Screws only tighten so much and makes the whole product wobbly. If you bump into it will fall over. Do not recommend, considering returning mine.
Worthless purchase since the expensive air cleaner stopped working. No response from the vendor after several attempts.
It is not a pillow but a pillowcase!
Piece of shit I returned it over a month ago still haven't got my refund
This thing is too hard. It hurt just as bad as whatI was trying to fix!
Very upset! I ordered a 10 pack of pillows and have only received 1 single pillow try to contact seller and have gotten no response days later
These are very flimsy, need to be balanced or they tilt and don't turn easily. Much better quality for more money of course at the Container Store.
I was very disappointed in this rack. It is not sturdy and seems to be very poor quality. I am returning it.
Was not Navy Blue at all. More like Purple!
Poor product assembly. Leaks all the time and makes a huge mess! Not secure to lock on water supply, just falls over and spills everywhere. Want to return for a refund but didn't realize the return window closed.
Great idea and easy to use BUT the temperature doesn't update for 6 hours. My elderly father cannot see so has to rely on talking products now. His home gets hot when outside summer temps go up, so he needs something that'll tell him the CURRENT temperature now so he can turn on the a/c if it's too hot inside his place. I bought a different talking temperature product from Amazon at the same time I got this one - one for each room. The other type registers temperature changes normally, like all temperature gauges, but this one can take 6 hours to register a change. It was 86 in his home and the other temperature gauge said 86, but this one still said 79, like it was 4 hrs earlier. By the next morning however, it was accurate. It just doesn't register current temperature if it's been changing. So I'm returning it and getting another of the other talking temperature unit.
They didn't stay together on the napkins my event was not successful meaning the table covering they just just a snap together long
It looks beautiful and really changes the appearance of my kitchen but it doesnt stick good and i allways have to stick it back.
More of a hassle to use than not. Not flush fitting in shower, waste of time and money
arrived bent and crushed, terrible packaging
Soft at first, but rough now. Tons of lint come off with each wash and dry. Takes a ton of time to dry also. Would return but missed my return window by a few days. Very disappointing as an investment for me to make. Purchased two sets.
Careful about ordering this item. Amazon will charge you within 30 minutes of placing the order and will ship the item if you decide to cancel the order forcing you to pay a restocking fee. recommend buying local. Amazon scam.
There is nothing wrong with the product. It is fine. But I am so done with having the carriers write that they handed me the package that I am going to leave 1 star reviews and hope that AMAZON and the retailers work on this. Why is it important? Porch thieves or deliveries to the wrong house. How can I say I didn't get the package when the documentation says it was put in my hands.
Didn't even last one flight. Must have had a leak in the seam or defective seam. Would have made our trip overseas much better had it stayed inflated.
I wear a 10/12. I ordered and XL and I couldn't even get it on. Sizing is way off. No stretch in the material.
It's cheaply made and not over sized. This is a small beach towel.
I bought this in queen size in January. It's mid-May and it's falling apart. It started with a rip in the middle. Now there's one up top. I just made my bed and see there's a second rip beginning in the middle. I'd bought a similar thick mattress topper like this several years ago and it lasted for years. You couldn't tear it. I had a hard time cutting it up for the dog's bed. I just thought I'd buy a new one. This one has been such a disappointment. I wish I hadn't gotten rid of the old one and I wish that I could've remembered where I got that last one, instead of believing this one would be of the same quality. What a disappointment & waste of money.
The item was received with the little soldier she was holding, broken. Her hair was knotted up and the base was scratched. Amazon refunded me my money.
Don't know why I bought this but not useful to me. Sorry, that's about it.
I ordered grey sheets and was sent blue sheets with a note that said we ran out of grey, hope blue is ok. Its not ok and that's a terrible way to do business. please refund my money
Never arrived. I had to request a refund.
This was listed as 24 inches tall. What I got was only 12 inches tall. Had to send back.
Absorbency? What a waste of money! Does not work at all
It was smaller than I thought, very disappointed
Brought this as a gift and the box came all broken and bottles were half empty!!!
I used this jar for fermenting vegetables. I put it in the dishwasher to sterilize and it cracked down the seam. I was told I could not purchase another jar, that I would have to purchase the whole set. Not happy!
Not enough paint for some colors, and they dry up easily. But it is fun.
Much smaller than I expected and the fur is slightly falling out.
This is unbelievably bright even on the lowest dimmest setting. It completely lights up the room! I am returning it since I was looking for a clock that you can read but won't light up the room.
I used this pillow for a few months before it separated width wide. Now it has 2 parts. I'm pretty disappointed with the product. I thought if I spent a little more it would be a good pillow. Not so!
If you sleep by yourself it's ok. But if you sleep with someone else, you roll together, and with it being memory foam even if you move away the indent is still there and you just slide back together. It also gets really hot. Even with the "gel" it seems to hold heat, and can get uncomfortably warm. Maybe if I went with a smaller thickness.
Very light weight with no backing. Will not put them on an expensive blazer
I'ts a beautiful picture and vibrant colors...BUT, The diamonds won't stick. Disappointed
While they stuck they were good but then they all fell down
As soon as I pulled them out of the package the limbs started breaking not all of them But a few
I like the finish on the product however the real issue was the size. I expected it to be larger like another one i have but it's thin and tinier. Since i already put it together i have to make due /: just check to make sure it's the size you need
tree too small, my wife didn't like it.
I bought two of these mugs, and idk why this black mug sounds like it has sand inside it. The other one, a golden one, is just perfect it also comes in a travel bag
Would never sync to the hourly chimes. Extremely frustrating and not worth the exchange.
First, these are so expensive for some small, cheap, plastic drawers. But they came to me very dirty and had scrapes that I can't get off. If it wasn't for the scrapes and the expensive price for such small drawers, I would have liked them more.
It dries out too fast but it it's good for a glass fountain pen I would not recommend it to use the refillable cartridge on this because it will dry out in it and you will have to Queen.
I have ordered this twice now in TEAL and each time I've received a light blue!! I'm including a pic of what I get as TEAL,and this is not the picture shown for TEAL!! I'd very much like to get the Teal if you have any ideas?!
The pattern is similar, but still quite different and disappointing. The colors are dull and not nearly as vibrant as those displayed on the website. I would not have made the purchase if I was aware that I would not receive this throw..
look great but all bulbs burned out exactly 4 months after purchase - no indication of warranty
Not very sturdy, works fine with slippers, sneakers though.
The bottom portion of the razor holder is not bent enough to hold the razor in place. Shower door shuts and the razor falls.
Didn't realize it was a refurbished machine. The filter was full of dog hair when I received it .
it worked good for a few months then the pump got clogged. I looked up ways to fix but I still could not get it to work
These were nice at first but I've only had them a month and the lights are different colors like ones white and other is off white. Finally today one just completely went out.
It's way to big for my daughter who's a toddler. I tried using it once and I find it to be very uncomfortable...I'm comparing it to a Brookstone travel pillow.
Loved the look and still use it but the little wool hook broke immediately
These were very easy to install and fit my draperies on them. What I dislike is the back rod doesn't stay in place on one end. Those foam holders you use does NOT keep rod in place on one end. I've tried contacting the rod maker for help but the page won't load. Not impressed at all with this company.
Very thin and not warm. Spend a little more money and get a good blanket
Hook came broken in half, had to glue back together
The color never faded or changed like it's supposed to, even when directions are followed closely
I bought two of these. One broke after the first use. I would not purchase from this company again.
Lesson learned because I was honestly expecting a comparable product to similar products on the market. I've purchased 10 other similar shelves and this is by far the lowest quality (lighter gauge metal, weak casters, vertical shelving rows without cross bracing versus the usual horizontal base on the shelves). If you like quality products made with quality materials I would not recommend saving a few bucks. Gave it a star because it could work in a very low performing area like a closet for someone else. So in the end, depends on what you plan on using it for.
Love the tapestry but the hem lines are completely irregular.
It makes for a decent topper when it's cool/cold. However, come spring or summer and this mattress topper makes you sweat uncomfortably. Disappointed because this was my main purpose in purchasing a topper. Having spent a lot of cash, I'm now having to spend more money buying the same product of a different brand!
A couple of them came broken and don't stay on my knuckles unless I bend my hand like the picture
I wanted to love this. But it's incredibly light weight and has some weird lumps in it when I make my bed. Like it doesn't lay correctly out flat.
Worked like a charm till it did. Of the three fans, one stopped working and another spins very slowly. Lasted a good 7months. Expected a window fan to at least be rated for and last a whole year.
The pink pillow sham as pictured online is quite different from the orangey-pink color shams i received.
I've been using sage for years. Thought I would try this combination of products. The Sage is good, but the smudge sticks are just piece of wood with a little aroma ... not worth the money.
It's cute and sturdy but the horizontal strip part that you attach to the wall is crooked on mine! It bothers me every time I look at it.
Too sharp which can cur your fingers too
I almost never write reviews, but this vacuum is so misleadingly well reviewed that I had to do it. This is a truly terrible product. I've used mine for approximately 4-5 months, and we're not talking excessively or roughly here, just to vacuum a small room and occasionally an area rug. About six weeks ago, the handle/cannister part started separating from the base while using it normally. It would just pop off and there was no way to secure it. I just had to push them back together and wait for them to pop apart again. Again, I was NOT slamming the vacuum around, the simple action of moving the vacuum back and forth (you know, vacuuming) would cause it to separate. Then yesterday, one corner piece of the base with one of the wheels just fell off while using it. A close look at it showed that one of the cheap plastic locking pieces that kept it in place had moved out of alignment. It is made to do this (lock and unlock). I went to put the corner piece back on and lock it into place. I applied a minimal amount of pressure to relock it and the locking piece snapped. Super high quality stuff here. I tried using heavy duty tape to secure the pieces back together and that worked fine, but now the brush no longer spins. So that's the last straw. This is going in the garbage and I will not be purchasing a Shark product ever again. I would highly recommend you avoid this one. see less
While these candles look very nice, they're so irregularly shaped as to be almost useless. Every night is a game of trying to see which candle will fit in which menorah without being so loose that it's going to fall over or so tight that it's going to snap in half while inserting it.
Didn't have wheels and was hard to move on the floor. Didn't seem to heat as well as others I have. Returned it
The chain on the charm is very smaller than I expected, but the charm is very cute.
The heat/temp for application is different than some iron on vinyls but, this does work for the price. I do feel like this peels MUCH more often after washing. Maybe it was the batch I received?
brush stop working after 4 uses
Won't stay on arm. Not enough weight on other end
This gets warm but it has an auto shut off of 3hrs and no option to shut that off so you gotta turn it on many times in the night.
This product page is marked as "Made in USA". That's not true. The label clearly says "made in China". The material used for this item is nearly as thin as that "made in China" label. Rubbermaid is using the reputation built by US workers to sell this inferior product. The label is very difficult to remove. The product plastic wall is so thin I'm afraid to break it if I try to remove the label pieces any further. Sorry to say, I cannot recommend this product.
We have a select number king split bed. I'm not happy with this bed bridge because it's not very wide. We can't strap our mattresses together because each side is operated individually. The bridge falls into the split in the middle which then doesn't really serve the purpose its supposed to. I guess its better than nothing.
Looks more navy blue than black. Shiny fabric. Just a little odd.
The atomic function on the clock didn't work even after setting it by a window where it showed the strongest signal strength all evening and overnight. When I realized in the morning that it hadn't synced, I tried looking for a signal manually (a few times, too!), but no luck with that either. These methods had previously worked for another Marathon model (slim jumbo wall clock), when it took around 30 minutes to sync (again, after some manual intervention). I'm in the Bay Area, if it helps. Anyway, after all attempts at automatic and manual syncing failed, I was forced to program the clock manually — the process was a bit tedious, if you ask me. Bought it in the white & gold, and it looks and works fine otherwise — as a regular digital desk clock, I mean, just not as an atomic one. And since it was rather cheap, I won't complain *too* much. I'm actually glad that it's not constantly backlit (with a bright light), because why would I want my bedroom bathed in neon orange light all night when I'm trying to sleep?! The screen lights up for a few seconds at the touch of a button (on top), so when I do want to tell the time at night, it's not that complicated a process at all. The numbers are large enough and easy for me to read. The clarity of the numbers does depend on the viewing angle, as some reviewers have mentioned. The size of the clock is appropriate for a desk/alarm clock, IMO. Haven't used it as an alarm clock, so have no insight to offer in that regard. So, all said and done, my biggest, and *only* grievance is that its absolute *main*, *featured* functionality, is totally non-functional and useless. Now here's hoping that in order to get my money's worth, it at least lasts longer than a year! 🤞🏼
I intended to use this product for quick spot treatments. I'm not happy with my overall purchase. The water reservoir doesn't hold enough water so you'll have to fill it up a few times for one lousy shirt, not to mention it will be hot from being used so it poses as a burn risk. I don't recommend this product
I purchased these in late 2016 and they look terrible after being outdoors. The fittings - like corners etc turned yellow and they do not match the pipe sections. Screws all rusted and have rust stains running down. These are junk.
Nice heavyweight material. Stays put
The golden ticket is nice. Not as shiney as the movie but still a good replica. The wrapper I'm very disappointed in. There are streaks through the print like the printer ran out of ink and just doesn't look as great as the photo.
returned this as I returned the machine
They did NOT change colors or glow and she's had them on two days.
Small and when slippery when wet, which kind if defeats the purpose.
I bought these to use as place cards for our wedding and they were unfortunately a let down. The picture makes them look larger, more uniform, and lighter than they actually are. I had some very, very small pieces that wouldn't fit a name on it and the color variation was all over the place (much darker than pictured).
I'll give this two stars because it does its job of covering my extra large pillow that a normal king size pillow case cannot do. However I ordered a grey color pillow case, and this is obviously blue which you can see against my grey and silver bedding. This is disappointing because I like everything to match and it should be the color I expect for $17. Also when I washed it, it became a lot rougher than when it arrived. It was very soft and silky feeling initially which I liked. Will update in a month or so to see how this holds up.
Value is good because of the quantity. However the quality didn't impress me. I had a difficult time trying to twist the piece thru the sheet and mattress. The metal part would contort and bend making it even harder to get out and reinsert a new piece. Wish I had gone with a different method. .
It seems like it would work really well except for it doesn't fit either one of my vacuums.
LOVED it at first, but now its falling apart.
Why make a product designed to be written on but put a coating on it so nothing will write on it? They are useless.
I wanted to use this in the bedroom, to keep that room warm without heating the whole house at night. However, the fan noise is too loud to use while trying to sleep. And even with the heat off, and just the simulated flames on, it still makes more noise than you'd expect from the motors turning the led lights (I think that what it's doing anyways). I also noticed an almost imperceptible high-pitch hum when it's completely turned off but still plugged in, similar to the sound a crt tv makes when it's on mute. If you're looking for a quiet electric fireplace, keep looking :\
This humidifier is built for the worst possible means of cleaning it up. With the small brush they provide wouldn't even help to go through the multiple redundant edges inside the product. Not built with intelligent.
Started out loving it, but it broke after just 2 months of us. It didn't rust, but it also didn't last. ☹️
I would not recommend this pillow. Is not firm enough and goes flat after using for a while.
What a pain in the butt to use. You might have better luck selling things by hand trying to constantly re-thread of this little bugger .
Was disappointed with this heater. It is confusing to use. Remote has to be close to work. Not worth the price.
These are soft towels. I bought these because I was hoping for a good quality towel (premium in title). I washed them as soon as I got these. They produced so much lint that I thought they were defective: clothing with which these were washed still have lint that accumulated on them. I have been using these for the last 2 weeks and there is still lint falling off them in the bathroom and after each use. I'm not sure of their long-term durability but for the price I don't think they are worth it. I like that they are organic, but seems like the trade-off is substantial. I've never used or owned towels that produce so much lint. For this reason I would not purchase these again.
Super gross after leaving it in my shower just for two days! It collects hair but it causes the water to rise in my tub then gets muck everywhere.
Very narrow, to put any refuse into it you basically have to fight the elastic opening.
The screw on nozzle is a bit loose. Liquids will spill out instead of from the nozzle.
Foam is flaking off and comes through material on top and leaves a residue on top of chairs. Can not even get it off with a lint brush. Very unsatisfied.
Great scent distribution and large water capacity, but it has a loud buzz when running.
Wanted this stuff to make molds of plastic. I ordered a total of 3 and in each one the Part A was solidified beyond use. I know this has a limited shelf life but I tried to use it the day I got it and it was like this. I recommend using a different silicone.
They look just like the pic and I'm sure they'll be durable but I could not put it together with the knobs provided. They suck and arent properly lined up!! Kept popping out. I will be going to get zip ties. Smh
I bought this item because it was advertised as "Cuddly Sleepers 100% Hypoallergenic Toddler Pillow w/ TWO FREE PILLOWCASES! Dr. Recommended. Made in USA." but to my disappointment, there were no pillowcases included and they even crossed off on the label that the pillowcases were included.
No kind of floppy, might work for someone else with another type chair. It was well made, though.
Was not as easy to grow as anticipated... would like to think I have a green thumb with a house full of plants as I do but this wasn't as great as I thought ..
They float on water... When purchased I thought they were stone but, they feel & float like plastic...
The pillow is super easy to carry. However, it does not provide the feeling or the support of a real travel pillow. I was better off with the crappy airline pillows because this air pillow provides very little support for the back part of your neck.
Wanted grey, got white. Idk how it happened after I selected grey, but make sure to double check your order.
Eh. You get what you pay for. They're cheap plastic that easily breaks so just be aware of that when you purchase
Sherpa part gets rough after washing on hand wash only
Did not like the way this product broke off on me no even within a month of using it. had a small crack til gotten bigger and all fluids leaked.
These were ok at first. The packaging they came in had a very strong chemical smell but I just washed them and they were fine. But only 3 months later (and these aren't my only sheets) the fabric is pilling up which makes them scratchy. Very disappointed.
very thin, although very soft, doesnt seem like it will last long
Disappointed the plastic cap was missing. Purchased intentionally to travel with.
The confetti balloons were the main thing I wanted and they didn't even fly up with the helium in them. The sank down :(. Was so disappointed
Used it on stroller..: only lasted 3 days and started to peel off. Would not recommend for stroller
This is only one piece. Returned. I needed a back and a seat cover.
the handle un-snaps from the main body of the brush very easily while scrubbing, and the green bristles are pretty useless when it comes to cleaning under the rid
Very poor suction. Rigid wand attachment very short.
Not worth the cost. Keep looking people !
Cheaply made and will ruin the velvet hanger if you try to remove the clips so I highly recommend you keep the clips on the same hangers instead of removing and reusing. I learned this the hard way. These clips damaged many pink velvet hangers by removing the velvet. Also these seem to be very cheaply made as some seem to attach easy to hangers while others are harder to open and difficult to attach (We only have one type of baby hanger: Closet Complete Baby Velvet Hangers, Pink) so its not like one hanger is thicker than another that we are trying to use the clips on. Several clips broke and the clips are pretty bulky. I bought two packs and one of the packs had 38 instead of the 40. Not returnable either.
Unfortunately, after just a few stitches, it started to jam and became practically unusable.
I loved the color and soft feel of this rug, but it is definitely not non-skid. I had it on a tile floor and they moved all over the bathroom. Last night my husband slipped and feel on the rug. I'm shopping for something new.
I wanted a vac with good suction. This had so much I couldn;t push it on my carpet. I liked that you could divert the suction to the accessory hose. It is very loud. I had to return it.
These already look faded and worn after first washing. Thin, rough feeling to fabric.
Assembly and not too sturdy
My rabbit ate it in one day
It seem like a great product at a good price. I wasn't to happy when I installed it on my phone. After cleaning the screen, then drying the screen. I applied the screen saver and the adhesive never kept on the screen. It looked like it was warped. Both of my screen protector are trashed. A bad purchase on my part.
The filter fits our Vicks humidifier and was convenient to buy from Amazon. But the first of the 2 filters lasted less than a month and was moldy. We keep the humidifier clean, and we've never had a filter that had to be thrown out anywhere nearly this quickly. We saw a humidifier at CVS last week that doesn't use a filter. I think that is what we'll do next. It doesn't make sense to spend $20+ every 2 months to buy these filters.
Doesn't smell like lavender at all...
They are very cute but will not stand up once you put something in them. I really question if the company tested them at all. Very disappointing
Nice sheet set. Would have given 5 stars. But after washing before using noticed that there is a rip and a hole in them. Very disappointed.
Wish it extended down further. Suction cups don't stick. I still use it but if I could go back, I'd keep looking.
Love the item but paper thin and easily crushed.
The strap teared out when lifting a moderate load of dry clothes. The stitching need to be much stronger for this bag size.
The grinder functions fine. However, it looks nothing like the picture. The mandala is a sticker and it is not placed well, it is pretty far off center. This was supposed to be a gift. I am returning it.
Smaller than expected (which is my fault for not measuring by description). Item arrived fairly quickly considering where it came from. Item was bent
Bracelet broke after a week.stones don't stay in.
Figurine has a chip taken out of the hair.
The absolute perfect size to hold in your hands. Unfortunately I felt the magnification was week. I also thought the light switch not made very well.
This is very SOFT and not what I would consider as memory foam- There's almost NO support. Its very light, and you immediately sink down to the mattress or surface underneath... I've purchased the same topper from the same company about 3 years ago and it was amazing, it finally started to lose some support, so we decided to buy a new one, this one is nothing like the last. I'm pretty disappointed. It's been 3 months, and it's almost like there's no topper on my mattress at all...
Super cute necklaces- BUT started falling apart as soon as I was taking them out of the packages. Luckily I rigged some peices back together and can still wear them
I would not buy it again.
there no screw hole in front of it the back has the spots like a nail
These had a really weird smell that has not gone away. I have used them in a closet and they made the closet also have a weird smell.
This was a great mirror for a couple weeks, but then there were some major problems. The back light started flickering and I could not just turn on the front light, they would both come on no matter which button I pressed. I got a mirror with a light so I could get ready without bothering my roommate, and the strobing desk light was too much. I had to get a new mirror.
The product was separated from the zipper out of the package. I didn't open it right away and now it is too late. Be careful to open and check the quality once you receive it.
These work, but not very well. I was trying to wash with these and it was more work than I wanted. I instead too down all the blinds and wanted them in the shower. Much much easier
It was too small for the planner I ordered but to return it would cost to much so now I have an item I can't use...otherwise it seems fine
I haven't used it yet so I can't speak to the quality, but the photo shows an assortment of colors. What I got was 6 gold, 4 brown, 1 gold/brown mix, 2 silver and the other 7 were mixed colors. not at all what I was expecting.
So I wanted a tree for my Nightmare before Christmas themed room. I am disappointed by the tree. 5 of the lights aren't working and the tree is super thin. Pretty disappointed.
They don't work very well. They don't remove food, debris, etc. from the sink or dishes, pots, pans, etc. better, in fact are worse, than any other sponges. They also don't stay attached to the sink as they are supposed to. Keep sliding down. One good thing: the blue one does an superior job of removing stuck on food from the pan of my oven-fryer, the one with the holes in it that catches and cooks on food. Other than that, I would not purchase this product again.
Not terribly happy with this bees wax. It feels diluted, and is MUCH more translucent that what the pictures showed. There is still the smell of real bees wax, but it is VERY diluted. The flexibility is there, but I'm hesitant to use it for the things that I've traditionally used real bees wax for in the past. I do NOT recommend this. Might be okay for candles, but it is definitely NOT 100% real.
This product did not fit my needs nor was the instillation easy. Missed my return window now I am stuck with this item. Not Happy.
Paint is transparent. Needs many coats or to be mixed with other paint. Maybe good for beginners or children?
Amazing but missing 3 cube and I already armed ... and I don't see any option to claim or ask for my other 3 cube :(
Looks like there is maybe a shipment or storage issue (clay got hot) or just a manufacturing error, but I and many of my artists friends that received this product from the April run have received crumbly product. I'm not sending it back because I will remedy it with an additive, but just so everyone knows. This is the first time I have received the translucent in this condition.
Doesn't fit was too big
yes it saw the size but they shrank a lot. Pretty soft. I wouldn't buy again.
I guess for now it will do for me until I find something else that is of better quality. I just purchased this and it already ripped after lifting the bag for the first time with my clothes in it. I read someone's review about the same problem before purchasing and had my fingers crossed hoping it wouldn't happen to me... but it did :/ On the bright side, however, I was able to fit an entire dresser full of clothes into this bag! I had to get rid of my dresser and make more space in my room ASAP and had to purchase something quickly. I only bought one at first because I wanted to make sure I liked the product and also to see how much I could actually fit before getting more. When I first received the bag, I did not like the quality. I wanted to return it but found out returns were not accepted for this item. So I had no choice but to give it a try, and to my surprise, was able to fit all the clothes from my large dresser. I definitely did not expect everything to fit! I thought I would have for sure needed at least two. Anyway, I was very happy with my purchase at that point and didn't have any problems either, so I ended up purchasing another one even though the price had increased. That, of course, was a mistake as the plastic from second bag tore the moment I lifted it with my clothes to set it aside. I haven't touched the first bag since I put my clothes in it but I'm pretty sure if I touch it again, it will rip. The bag definitely saves you a ton of space but I would suggest looking elsewhere for a similar product that is better quality. It is definitely worth it to spend a little extra for a stronger quality bag that will last longer. This particular item, on the other hand, is cheaply made and is not worth the price, unless the cost is less than $5. Yes, I was able to fit everything in the bag but what good does that do for me if the bag is ripped up? Keep in my mind the bag is lightweight only because it's made from very cheap quality. I shouldn't have purchased the second one but oh well... like I said, it's okay for now until I find something better.
I like the vinyl but the tops of my sheets are damaged and the shipping box was fine,
Good quality. But it's pink. Not worth it to return it for a refund. Pretty disappointing.
Fan stopped running after a few months of use.
The silver coating falls off and sticks to the leather projects
OK for what I wanted it for. Not great quality, very wrinkly. I use it for my down comforter to protect it but have another decorative bed cover on the top.
When I first opened the linen, I thought the quality was poor, the material was too thin. I still gave it a chance because it at least felt good, really soft. After one wash, the seem of one of the pillow cases opened. And yes, washing instructions were followed. One wash?! Seriously?! Calling Amazon now.
CHEAP PLASTIC. DIFFICULT TO ASSEMBLE. HAVE NO IDEA HOW IT IS TO BE DISPLAYED NOR IF IT WILL LAST AT ALL. I EXPECT ALLTHE TINY BEADS FALLING OFF AS THE MATERIAL AS IT DRY ROTS!
Got these for a kid for christmas, they started to come apart on the first couple shots, the heads are not connected well at all, the glue seems to be dried out and they just seperate, this is in a manual firing mega pistol, I didn't try it in any of the electric guns since they put way more stress on the bullets. They do however make a really good whistling noise when fired, that is until they disintegrate.
They are thin and rough but not a bad price for the set.
Love the picture but the numbers were too small and too blurry
Got these at a great price and was excited to try them. Unfortunately, the case was significantly broken when I opened the package. It seems like the pens are undamaged, but I was quite disappointed. Looks like the case will have to be scrapped very soon. When I purchase something new, I expect it to be in great condition.
Cute,but arived damaged. Amazon won't do an even exchange cause of the constant price change. Now I have to pay more to reorder.
These plants are not very full at all. The one I have is from Costco and about 20 years old and there is absolutely no comparison. . Was thinking because of the price and reviews that the would be awesome but not at all and the plant is not doublesided so if you have a wall ledge and want it to flow on both sides this plant will not work.. Also can see the pot and don't like that. Very disappointed..
I had to return this because it didn't work upon arrival. I have an exact replica of this clock that I purchased several years ago that is still operational but I wanted another for another location. The clock mechanism on this unit felt cheap and brittle in comparison and (as I said) it didn't work when it arrived.The thermometer and humidity gauge appeared accurate which is the reason for 2 stars, however I wouldn't recommend the product.
I bought this exact item several years ago and was surprised by how strong the magnets were in it. I purchased another of the same thing (or so I thought) recently for more key storage, but the magnets in this one are mediocre. The same pair of keys that the seemingly identical cloud magnet I already had held up with no problem fell off of the new one very easily. It can barely hold up any pair of keys if they have something slightly heavy attached, like a car key fob. Luckily I still have my existing one, but this new one I sadly can only use for lightweight keys.
Packaging case opened and handle was torn off. I am most upset about the coloring being far off. This is more of a grey brown, very light and muted brown. Not a tan khaki. This is the color of an ashy brown person. Less saturated.
Seemed like a good buy, but broke off in less than a month after routine use. Spend a few extra bucks and get a sturdier one
It worked well when it did work, but now, I turn it on and the blue light just stays on and never turns to red to indicate the heating element is on. I will have to take it apart to see what's wrong....
I've been using these daily to open and close the curtains and they're already falling apart after only a few months.
little too small in size
This did not do so well in the washer... had to purchase a new one
It protects from scratches but soon as I dropped my phone on a hard surface the protector fell off. Even after that it wasn't reusable. WASTE OF MONEY!
Writing is in poor English. Makes me question the non-toxic claim.
It definitely is not 4.5 inches inside or outside the lip! It was smaller and now the project i was working on doesn't fit since i was expecting it to come in the right size
It was much smaller than I anticipated. Waste of money. Don't purchase
Find a hanger with some no skip fabric or something that will not allow cloths to slip off so easily. Would not buy anymore of these. 12 is enough.
Looks a lot better in pictures
As another reviewer pointed out, this is a LOW PRESSURE hose despite the text on the package. The package drawing even shows it on the low pressure side of the regulator. The hose has no markings, so I have no idea where the pressure ratings in the advertisement came from. I see no certifications anywhere, so definitely don't trust it. Package images attached.
This picture is very pretty however the drills are not shiny and are poor quality
I have no idea where all the cardboard inserts go and when I try to unzip the inside zippers the zippers don't fully close or open properly and most of the zippers just fell right off. The exterior is nice and it's quite large but it is terribly made. No instructions were provided either.
Product has defects.
Frame did not fit the ocean drop design. It was smaller than the ocean drop design. I am very disappointed as it was a gift so I had no frame.
C olor is NOT red/white; more dark red/beige - didn't work for me.
After a short amount of use with each knife, the threading stops working and the blade falls out.
This was cute while it lasted, which wasn't very long. The tension rod just kind of quit holding it together. I tried to adjust it again,but there isn't much hope once there is no tension in a tension rod. I am very disappointed. It was the right size, shape, etc., and did the job well. It was just so short-lived.
Not my best amazon purchase. Two numbers broke while putting them together. They did not all fit well into the bases. A little wood glue will fix the problem, but was bummed to have an extra step added to the process.
too short for a hand towel to hang. the only thing that fits is a washcloth. a bit disappointing.
I was looking for a feather type pillow that was very flexible, as in you can bend it in half flexible. This pillow is very full and thick, too high for my neck. In a pillow it all depends on what you are looking for, so if you want full and thick then this pillow will work great for you.
This could be a decent product if they put in a bit of effort. The main issue is the set screw. It doesn't hold at all. It's very cheap plastic that slips as soon as you make a stitch. I managed to make it work by wrapping tape around the handle to hold it but it's pretty annoying. It would be nice to have some better instructions as well. It explains how to thread the pen but that's about it.
Couldn't really tell a difference
This did not work well for me. It left wet dust all over my faux plants. The dust barely dripped off even though I applied the spray several times on different days. To be fair, my plants were extremely dusty, so maybe that was a factor. But the multiple applications should have mitigated that.
not good for me,,heat still came thru
Cheap and won't last very long. Plastic is already bending and adjustment screw already stripping. I was impressed with the fullness of the kit, however I used it for 2 days and already doesn't work. Disappointed, but you get what you pay for.
One pen dried up after 2 letters.
Was not the color I ordered, and extremely thin material..
If you look at the pictures for this item , it's obvious there are many different versions of this product. Some people seem to get the nicer more quality version, and others are getting the less quality and less attractive version. I got the least sturdy, tacky looking one and I'm a bit disappointed. It will do what I need it to do but some of the metal pieces do not stay in place so it makes using it occasionally frustrating. I believe if people are going to buy a product there should be either multiple options to choose from or there should be one single product that each and every personal receives. It should not feel like you have reached into a mystery bag to see which one you get. That is not good service. I will keep what I have but I will not recommend the product.
Bird noises are not only hard to program, they are hard to listen to. Not at all like my last singing bird clock.
Not that the top of her head is cut off for this image, which doesn't look very good.
No comfort! Not soft! Wish we could return....... It's been less than 30 days!
The boxes were so had to put together and the plastic pieces so weak that they kept breaking while trying to snap the panels into place. Plus half of the magnet pieces to hold the doors shut were already broken. The door panels also don't line up so you got half the doors stuck open, what's the point of paying more for doors if they don't even shut properly.
Very difficult to clean and take care of
Quality is good but not liked.
Works good on hardwood but not so much on low pile area rugs even on high suction and vacuuming daily. I like did how its cordless and had differnt attachments. It picks up cat litter but it doesnt all make it to the bin so when you pick up the vacuum it all falls back out.
Didn't spread like other cheaper webs I had purchased. The wind has beaten them and I'm not sure if they'll last to Halloween.
Material wasn't strong and bags weren't very big
Disappointed. I had a set of wire candles which were very bright and stood out, but after a couple of decades of use, they finally wore out. I had hoped for a similar look and was willing to pay the pricey price for the convenience of a no wire set. (I have the white set.) However, these lights were very disappointing. First, one of the candles did not work and as others have noted, it isn't as easy to get them straight as one might hope. However, my big issue is the dullness of the light. I haven't noticed anyone else mentioning this, so perhaps it is just my set, but considering that they are LEDs, the lack of any brightness was very disappointing. From across the room, they are barely noticeable. I will keep them mainly because I am too lazy and too busy right now to go through the trouble of returning them, but I will be looking for another set for next year.
Soon as I removed case from package, one of the stones fell. Not even a minute of having.
So this would be fine for a shorter rod unfortunately when you try to extend this out to the full advertised length is where the sturdy issue occurs. It's being pulled downward in the center. Drives me absolutely crazy. I'm seriously doubtful of it supporting any weight for any length of time.
Didn't like material. For a bed ok not a couch
This item is a piece of junk. It eats batteries like crazy and only shows the outside temp about half the time.
Plastic backing isnt sticky at all. Vinyl peels up when trying to weed. I wasted more than I used since it was coming loose so easy.
I was finally at the point of being able to install my privacy screen and I read and followed the directions to a T! However these were NOT easy to install as they state and you barely get much film in the package to cover even one window! I was very disappointed and due to the lateness of installing the product I am unable to probably return for a refund!
The product we received looked used. It was scratched and the suction cup had white residue on. I just cleaned up ‘em up, it's not a big deal. The disc piece isn't as tight as it should be connected to the rubber suction cup so it turns slightly. If the suction cup doesn't work well, I'm going to return it.
Very dissatisfied with the picture. it was a semi , round drill.
My white shower curtain rods arrived with a red sticker on the and other white sticker. I tried removing the stickers with GooGone and Dawn and could not get the hoop and red tinge out. The inside rod was fine but the outside one I could not use. I feel like I paid for two but can only use one.
If you have hand grip issues, arthritis, or limited arm mobility and strength, this is a backwards tool. The squeeze handle is awkward and you have to keep tight pressure on all the time you are using it, or the object will fall out. The grabber should be always clamped and the handle a form of release. Then arm and hand issues would be of much less or no impact.
I am really disappointed in this. It is completely plastic. I could have bought a cheap vacuum but instead splurged and got this one because I thought it would be more durable. Are used to have one of these and it was not this flimsy plastic that it is now. And I think because it is made of lightweight plastic it does not pick up as much as it would if it were a heavier item.
I'm not sure if I got the wrong item or if the pictures simply don't match what I received. Bottom line is, I bought this for my bathroom window (which was clear) and all it does is filter the light a bit differently and blur the view at distance. From up close, everything is still visible. The product does seem to be high quality but simply doesn't work as I had intended.
These bags are cheap. I purchased these because of the "Amazon's Choice," but turns out that air is still inside. I was trying to use these for Sous Vide. I've tried many times with different meats, always some air left. One of my first meals was ruined, I'm more attentive to the process now. Still, it's a disappointment compared to the food saver roll.
The side brushes are horrible, they get tangled and fall apart - I will not purchase this product in the future.
The cost far exceeds the quality! The cheep frame is warped and does not lay flat on the wall. I'm extremely disappointed!
If you live somewhere where you can't let the pungent smell of Cannabis reach beyond your bedroom like me, this product will help. I had been using my own homemade tube using an empty toilet paper roll and 2 dryer sheets stuffed inside. It really works well if you change the sheets out regularly. I thought I would try this product to see if I got better results though, unfortunately it did not give me better results. It is tiny and great for travel but it does not work as well as my homemade one. Save your money and make your own! Unless you just prefer a nice vanilla spice fragrance mixed with Cannabis to make a weird combination of smells.
It's just way to big and doesn't fit under the covers at all. Not the sellers fault, just don't like the product.
Bought two of these guys. All in all not bad, but the components are very cheap and you will most likely run into at least one part that's faulty. For me it was a faulty display. Sadly the product wasn't usable due to this fault
it is plastic and not vinyl. Don't care for the material.
Lots of waste due to wrinkles! I love the finished product, but wasted half because of wrinkles!
You get what you pay for with these. They don't fil out an 18x18 pillow very well.
I put no more than 2 hangers per slot.. 10 hangers total. The plastic gave way and wouldn't stay on my rod in my closet
These are much thinner, small books then the picture seems. They also bleed to the page on the other side. So half the pictures aren't usable. Good books just not what I pictured as far as size.
Way too Small and very fragile. They're cute but not very noticeable in my vase. Definately not with the cost. I felt very tempted to return them.
After 3-4 uses, there is no longer any mist coming out of this diffuser. The light turns on, it works for a few minutes and then nothing! very dissappointed.
All of the beads go to the side or one spot and render this blanket unless to the purpose of me buying it. All of the blankets I own on top of me did better then this.
I like the size, ease of use, and the increasing sound of the alarm. I didn't like that you can't set a 10am alarm at 9pm, for example, because it would make the alarm would go off at 10pm. So it cannot differentiate between am and pm. It also wouldn't allow me to set an alarm half an hour away from the current time, so it wasn't very accurate. I am disappointed because the time setting button has fallen off after 3 mos of use. This webpage says it has a warranty, but I have not been able to find a Peakeep website or contact number. I will have to find a different alarm clock.
Paper not great quality and is definitely not as white as shown in the images here as mine is more of a dull gray white. Also did not receive the mail link for the EBook download. I think this paper is really only good for children and had I removed the plastic when I first received this I would have returned it!
I received 2 part A and zero part B Fortunately Michael's had the exact same product so I bought another box containing one of each part A and part B now I just need to find someone to sell me a part B alone
They DO burn and are much smaller than estimated.
This shower mat won't uncurl completely and does not adhere to the floor of the tub.
I originally purchased one set of these, then half the strand blew after about 1.5 months of daily indoor use. (burning for approximately 5 hours a day) After another week , the entire set was out. I then purchased a replacement set and they lasted maybe 2 months in the same conditions with the same amount of use. I would not recommend these if you want something that will last more than a few months with daily use. However, if you're looking for some quick & cheap lights for an event, go for it! Otherwise, I highly recommend getting yourself some LED lights. :)
The picture quality is good. They both arrived with a cracked screen. I was baffled how poorly they are packed especially being glass. I requested a return to find out I can't get ups pick up but have to take it to a store to return? This angers me because I ordered online to save time. Now I get to spend time and money to return a damaged item. Disappointed
I bought this to lay across the bed so the dogs would not get the duvet dirty. However, it has snags all over it and i have only had it about a month. I have always had throws or sheets to cover the duvet and never had a problem with snags.
Cheap feeling, sharp edges and pricey. Also, with 3 different sizes, you can only use one! Waste of money.
It's very light which allows it to fall easily.
So, 2 stars cause the labels itself is good. It says it comes with a template but it did not. Someone said that I may not have opted to received emails from amazon sellers, which is incorrect information. I do get emails from amazon sellers as I have purchased similar labels from another seller, but I didn't care for the labels. They did send me a template for that one, so I do know that I opted to receive email from Amazon sellers. Also, the website provided with the labels, was incorrect. Tried contacting sellers several times via email, with no response. Too bad cause these are the best labels i've come across so far for my oil jars.
The picture on the blanket is not readable, it just looks colorful. It is soft and keeps me warm I was just disappointed in the appearance.
More peach than pink.
Even though these are shown as a metal needle, they are actually made with a light-weight plastic. The needle just feels insubstantial, and is not pleasant to use. Just doesn't have a good "feel" .
gets stains easily and stains do not seem to come out of it once you wash them!! Will never buy again!!
texture of the magnetic clip looks folded and i am not sure if i got a new one!
Good for a short time but fell apart quickly
Looks good on the photo, but it is not the same when delivered. Very thin and low quality. Will not last long after number of washing and drying. Also they will charge you 8$ for each item if you will decide to return. It cost 35$ and then you pay 8$ for return. End up paying 8$ to check product quality. DONT BY!!!!
The packaging came undone in the delivery envelope. Many of the papers have folds on one side or another.
Totally got the wrong nutcracker. I ordered the jester and got the mouse king. Disappointing.
Half of them don't work.
The broom and bristle quality is very flimsy. Not worth the price.
It did not fit my 2 seater coach. It was mich smaller. Also the strap in the back is not adjustable to height for the back of the chair. It kept falling off. Material is good If this fit with adjustable strap it would have been perfect.
There is absolutely no suction on the hose part. It wasn't able to pick up a single piece of baby cereal.
If you are ok with a tube, this is a fine purchase, if you are buying it to ease pressure on you hips, i.e. sleep with it between your knees, this is not the pillow for you.
Sent the wrong size poster.
These were really a waste of money...they don't stay put or they get buried way deep between the cusion and the back or arm.
Not sure how these are 1500 thread count when you can see right through the sheets
I actually returned this item because it just did not fit properly on my toilet
Ordered and when it came it did not work. The contacts were not put in place correctly. My husband had to take it apart to try and fix it.
case was not what I expected. I am not satisfied with this product and would like to get s refund. I don't like that I was sent a red case with a other items where pink.
Loved these initially, they are soft and fit our new fluffy and slippery pillows. They stayed on and you can barely see the zipper! The first time I washed them, the zipper came apart on one of them! Very disappointing, since the price was right and they were working so well!
I got this in February and at first loved it. After about 2 months the suction wasn't as strong, and then 3 months in the felt spinner stopped spinning. Then the latch that held the stick on the base fell off while I was vacuuming, and now it will not stay on.
I bought these to attach dog tags to collars, but had difficulty closing them enough to prevent tag from coming off.
It's only dispensing a very small amount after 3 months. Changed batteries, didn't do better.
These are soft pillows, but not super soft or fluffy. And, not really supportive soft, like I've found hotel pillows. The description and reviews indicated that the pillow is "hotel quality, soft and supportive". It comes with instructions that explain to give them time to fluff after being opened (they are vacuum sealed), and, fluff by hand. I did both, and still they aren't that fluffy. I also contacted the company before I wrote this review, as they send those emails because they care about their customers, and I never heard back. Anyway, hope this review helps someone who needs it. Blessings.
Burns really hot, really hard to keep straight and very hard to twist or braid to keep together.
Not well designed and cheap. There is no way to turn this thing off except to cut the power source. The batteries must be removed entirely to turn it "off"; there is a screw holding the battery compartment closed, making this even more inconvenient and annoying to have to do. We let the thing glow all day because we didn't have the screwdriver when we realized this, and the batteries died within 24 hours. If you use the plug, you must unplug it entirely to turn it off. It's just poorly designed and cheap. I guess the projections are alright? But honestly, save your money. Get something with a switch or an off button... it's the little things.
Not the quality or fit of the Miele bags....not a horrible product but not as expected and will not purchase again.
Beautiful, but the shape is awful for a trash can and is easily breakable.
not heavy duty enough, would not secure the snaps in the boat flooring had to purchase a set that required using a hammer
VERY CUTE... but the handle doesn't stay on the lid, and the lid doesn't quite sit on the body. It makes it quite frustrating even as a display item, let alone when you try to put a tealight inside of it. Also the glass panes were glued on askew. It was shipped in snug packaging with bubble wrap - no breakage. Good for shelf decor, but not as a functional lantern. I'm lookin' at you, brides-to-be.
This vacuum only lasted a month. Seems to not be charging and ive tried a different charger. Very dissapointed.
The tank fits great, there is nothing wrong with the tank. WHAT IS WRONG IS THAT ONE LINE IS TOO LONG AND THE OTHER LINE IS 1 INCH OUT OF THE TANK. I got crafty with zip ties and replacement hoses and fixed it up good. Feel free to copy my design, it works very very well.
Definitely not worth the money. Will not secure to the bottom because of my cushions. The minute I put it on my couch the seams tried to tear. Hopefully it'll fit my chair better 😡
Bought this ornament it is very cute but unfortunately it arrived broken.
I got this chromecast, but is an old model and doesn't not support lots of new apps, especially the main tv app I like, I had to returned.Item description is too poor
Very light weight. Upon installing the first wheel, the frame broke and has barely kept clothing upright.
Everything is easy to put together but it doesn't stay together. It seems to work when it wants and not work. I would not buy again.
Very light grey- not like the picture at all
Delivery was iffy...they are ok...kind of a pain to use but do save shelf space.
It was easy to cut on my Cricut machine but when I went to weed it, the vinyl was extremely sticky to the touch on the front (the camo printed side). It transferred well to the rash guard i used it on. I tried several ways to remove the stickiness but nothing worked. I made the shirt at the end of March 2019 and it is still sticky.
Four pieces were not palo santo. Doesn't look or smell like it one bit and burns completely different. About a third of the package wasn't real palo santo. The real pieces were normal palo santo, and burned and smelled as they should.
Didn't do squat to cool our garage. Bummer. Sent it back.
fitted sheet is really loose. doesn't stay around mattress very well
It's too big for the paper white and sort of covers the bottom of the page unless you strategically position the Kindle. It actually seems like it's really for an iPod.
The fit is good but the material is very cheap and snags easily. I will have to purchase a new one with heavier fabric.
cannot stick to the wall
Not as high quality as I'd thought it would be. Fabric is thin and flimsy, has no weight to it.
Would not buy again.....very difficult to cut with my Cricut machine.
Really small, back light only comes on when you push a button, and has an annoying beeping sound when you push buttons that you can't turn off. Other than those issues, it works as expected.
I bought this rack 2 months ago and had nothing but problems with it. The material is super cheap and the screws come out occasionally, which makes the whole thing unstable. Today a nut fell out and I can't repair it without any glue. I'm buying something else. I give this rack two starts instead of one, since it did dry clothes for about 2 months.
I was looking for a little heater to put under my desk at work when that wouldn't use a whole thought of power just enough to warm up my feet. It's very quiet I do give it out and it's a good size however the amount of heat that it puts out is nothing I can put my hand on the front of it and can barely feel the heat and that's really odd because I was found Lasko products to be good
Too narrow for my window. Should've had more width to it.
They are smaller then what is even shown in the picture and are discolored.
Seems like quality material but I cannot keep on the couch at all! There's a strap that comes with it, but it's not nearly long enough to fit the width of the couch.. even tho the cover fits fine, so the strap is useless and the cover doesn't stay in place at all.
This item looks better online than it actually is. Album needed to be trimmed down to fit into this frame. Back is completely open. One edge is completely open as well? It's not a finished look. I had to cut a piece of plastic to fit into the back. Some paint over spray on clear face. Protective masking on acrylic face was removed but not all the way to the edge so we removed it with a razor blade. Item was modified rather than returning as it was a gift. Packaging was good.
The bottle was open and a fourth of it emptied when I received it.
This did warm the bottom of the bed for my cold feet, but the wires in the pad were annoying, even after I covered them up with a pillow case. The crowning blow came when us put it back on my bed this year after having only used it for 3-4 months last year, and it did not work at all.
Ordered 2 of these and returned 2 for replacement, as they would not run after 2 hours. 1 replacement is still doing fine so far, but the other clock will not run on electric...Bad power supply?...put a battery in and is now running for how long? Disappointed as we really wanted electric and paid the extra money for electric. Will keep as long as it runs.
They are very thin, have absolutely no shape and fit the bed poorly. The elastic band fittings on the corners are of poor quality and will likely break after a few washes. I would not purchase them again.
The color was what I wanted and I needed for a project asap. I opened the package and it seem noticeably used. I messaged seller inquiring my concern and never received a response. I Don't expect it to be to brim but I didn't expect it to be that low either. This may not bother some people but just be cautious you may not get the right amount of glitter you ordered. And they they wont contact you if you message them.
The sheets are very soft but for claiming to be 1000 sheet count, they are very thin. And when washed, they come out of the dryer very wrinkled. The quality is no better than Wal-Mart sheets.
Received damaged. Glass has a small crack in it.
Bought this to make a present for our annual trip did wash off all the water bottles
This item is not worth the price at all! The ornament is so small that you will barely be able to see it on a tree. And it is certainly not the size that was expected from the description! Yes, it is adorable. But this is not what I was expecting at all! I will not be purchasing from this seller again. I purchased this as a gift for my stepmother for Christmas. Now here I am 10 days away from Christmas, and I have to find another gift because this absolutely is not going to be something she gets excited about it! :-(
This foot controller works, but there seems to be only one speed....fast. I will be returning it due to this issue.
No rack! The bottles are nice but they didn't come with a rack
Sand is sand and the sand is fine, but it arrived busted open and it was EVERYWHERE. I've experienced issues with Amazon's warehouse improper packaging in the past. This was not packaged properly and looked like it had been tossed based on how it was busted at the seam. If you regularly shop with Amazon too you've probably run into this problem as well. It's irritating and not worth the time to clean up the mess, contact the actual company and so get what you needed in the first place. I'm going to stop taking my chances with Amazon's warehouse with fragile or breakable things.
They are constantly going out, I have been getting only a couple weeks of use before they burn out
The panels were so wrinkled that I washed and dried them according to the instructions. That didn't help at all, so I sprayed them with a wrinkle release and hung them, hoping the wrinkles would indeed release. No luck. My alternative is to have them professionally steamed. This product sucks
Item not as pictured. The tray is actually much smaller. Very disappointed. Keep trying to attach a photo but receive error messages.
Poorly made, zippers aren't finished and can slide off. Not a great product, just cheap.
The sheet is very thin. The material is cheap and doesnt stay tucked in. I wished i didnt spend my $30 on this.
It looses its shape very easily. I put over my recliner to save it from turning dark where my doggie lies. Without washing it, at first, it lost its shape and shrunk up badly.
I looked at reviews and thought I was purchasing good enough fine point blades for my Cricut Maker. My 1st blade worked well, but only lasted a few cuts. My second, third and fourth, blade would not even cut copy paper. I had to turn the setting to heavy card stock. I have learned my lesson, buy authentic Cricut Fine Point Blades and stock up when sales are active.
Way smaller than what they pictures show.
The package I got only included the stamps - the cutting dies are not included.
The thing is very rugged - too rugged in my opinion for something you want to throw in a suitcase - certainly can ding them for the design - if you are car camping at hotels - this would do the trick. A lightweight suitcase device - it isn't.
cannot support a lot of clothes
The box was open and the machine does not work. Had to return :/
Didnt have much power. Returned.
Mop is very heavy and hard to use
You will likely have damage to the finish.
Product doesn't close down enough on the fabric. And when you're screwing down the wing nuts because the other end is round there's no way to stop it from turning. So at some point it's stops tightening. Material still moves around too much
Unfortunately this basket bows and becomes mis-configured in no time
The vacuum itself is fairly powerful, but the battery life is insanely short and the time it takes to charge it is way too long. Basically, I use it for less than an hour and need to re-charge it again for no less than six hours.
Washed these sheets and it's like they melted! Some parts were as if wax was dropped on them (the material melted on those spots). The spots were not there before washing but showed up after drying. We dry on the lowest setting and we have new washers and dryers as of 5 months ago. A little sad that we didn't go with another brand.
It looks nice and fits where I wanted it to but it DOES NOT hold 6 1.5L wine bottles! Its stated that it does hold 1.5L bottles in the question area but will NOT. I will be returning it.
Theres an extra snap at the end that seems dumb and it really bothers me because it doesnt snap to anything, or help in any productive way. Also one of the snaps is backwards, ill attach a picture to show what i mean. Besides that, its ok, but nothing special. The material is cheap and it is not put together well and the stitching is coming undone in multiple places, again ill add pictures to illustrate this. Im kinda disappointed cuz i thought it was going to be a good gift, but i doubt ill give it to its intended recipient because im a little embarassed of the quality. Also my kit only has 27 items including the wrap, and this has an exacto knife in it, so not for a kid.
Was good for a few months...then it started to leak at base.
Fabric is very nice but the zipper is ridiculously small for a queen duvet and the ties that hold the comforter in place in the corners came off immediately. Fabric is nice but the finishing is atrocious. Would not recommend. Returned for a refund.
As others have said, it scratches way too easily. Doesn't look good with all the scratches.
This stuff smells great. Unfortunately the packaging/container is horrible. Every time I spray it, it drips out the top of the container all over my hands, and onto the floor. If you tilt the container it comes out the top. Definitely not sealed properly, makes a mess. Disappointing. Will not buy again.
I'm soooo upset. It's been a little less than a year and the power box although flimsy is falling apart. I love this tree but I'm not buying a new one every year. They should really work on this because what can you do but use some electrical tape to shore it up?? And it's not like this tree is really cheap. 😩
I was going to make candles with this item but it was way too small to use.
I liked it, only had enough room for small earrings and rings.
Left a white residue on my boots. Months later still trying to get it all off. bummer.
Are not water repellant...
I wanted to like this clock, it has a lot going for it with an easy snooze 'zone' to hit rather than a button, adjustable brightness, etc. BUT it has 2 major dealbreakers. 1) when the power goes out, not only does the clock reset to 12 am (as usual for alarm clocks) but the ALARM gets set ON- even if you never use the alarm under normal conditions (we had this clock in a guest room with alarm off)- so after the power comes back on, at some point when you least expect it, the alarm starts blaring. 2) the alarm sound itself starts with beeping, and the beeps get faster and more closely spaced as the seconds pass, then it becomes one solid beep- for instance as you are walking down the hall to shut the alarm off at 3 am, n the time it takes to do that, the beeps go from normal alarm beeps to MacGuyver disarming a bomb/bomb is about to go off solid tone- which I have to say really wakes you, up but in more of a stress mode than I'd like. I'd prefer to wake up more gently to an alarm. So for me, the fact that you'd have to re-shut off the alarm after every power outage, and the fact that the alarm noise scares the crop out of me, I'll pass.
They were too tall for regular cupcakes.. maybe if got jumbo cupcakes from costco
It's nice that you can adjust the size of corner you need. The down side of that is... they come from the manufacture flat. When folding them, you have a open gap right at the corner, where you need the protection. I had to tape the corners closed, to make them work. They also need to be deeper, so they don't fall off so easy.
This didn't really work. It didn't hold the handles at all.
They are plastic and porous. No protection from spills or dampness etc.
just a sample of each color. about a shot glass of paint. hope they hold up in water
Pretty and soft, but wouldn't stay on my leather couches regardless the foam noodles and pins. Returned
It would have been great if all the pieces arrived. I needed all 12 and was only sent 10 rings and 11 beads
I just installed the decal and there are some areas that area already peeling off.
Holds lent like a magnet
I don't like how these feel, they feel cheap and plastic like.
I purchased these a week ago, once I tried to put it on my mattress it ripped. The quality is not worth the purchase, you are getting what you pay for.
Product did not fit very well on my safety glasses
The sheets look nice and feel wonderful at first but after about a week the material began to pill and now the sheets feel rough and not soft like they did at first. Expected better quality for price paid.
Design pretty but very thin and not worth money.
The zipper broke the very first time it was washed. Cushion was nice for about 3 days until it need to get washed. Now the cushion squashes out the back and it is not as full and it looks terribly unsightly. There is no way to fix the zipper.
This pillow is durable and memory forms well, but the pillow has a chemical order that didn't go away with washing. Also, don't want to buy a new pillow and have to wash to use. Don't recommend.
I'm sad to say these break easily. I wanted these to work but even with a light touch they break. I needed to being the trashcan closer because at one point a few broke back to back. Trust me, I'm not buff by any means, this product is just very cheap lol
The first when I received I could barely read the names of the sheet underneath the pictures. I contacted the company and they did send me another. The quality was slightly better. I gave them two stars because they did send a second one. But I could not use it for sheep identification at all. It does make a cute poster for my sons room.
Doesn't help me sleep any better and it has started leaking sand or whatever is it in onto my bed.
Beautiful, beefy, as advertised. But the fibers were too rough to walk on barefoot for me. So it wasn't a good match for next to the outdoor hot tub.
Lettering is smaller than I expected.
While I was excited about this right away, it slowly stopped working. When I plug it in now there is the smallest little stream of moisture/mist that comes out. It's significantly declined in working over a matter of about a month.
It didn't slide on and tore as I was trying to slip it over the track on my A/C unit. I have a Frigidaire A/C unit. I went to the Frigidaire site and bought one that can be cut to size. The choice I wish I'd made the first time.
Bought this to decorate cookies. Without a lot of weight on it the thing just slides on the table instead of spinning. Very hard to turn. We have been spinning it quite a bit and think we see it loosening up a little. We are also having to order some double sided suction cups to see if we can get it to stay in place. Of course that is going to double the costs but we are hoping it will work.
Not a lot of sucking power.
I was so looking forward to this - I ordered 2. The adhesive is defective on both of them. Will have to return.
Really liked this produce when we first got it. We have had it for a year and it just died. Not going to buy this brand again.
They are pretty but not that soft. We were disapointed
At first, we were reasonably happy with the appearance of the tree for the $ paid but overall the quality is low. We've had Pre Lit trees in the past which have lasted 5 to 10 years. The lights on this tree only lasted 2 seasons. We attempted to replace fuses, bad bulbs but to no avail. GE makes a better tree.
It's a cute hamper however very small I didn't realize it was this small. Also I've only had for a little while and the metal is bent. Once the hamper completely broke down I'll get another just not this one again
I bought this for my fiance for his birthday. I didn't give it to him yet but I tried it on myself and the sleeves are entirely too long. The elastic band is too loose and it doesn't keep the sleeves in place. It seems like it'll be very warm but it's not going to do much good if the arms are swimming in the sleeves.
The attachment part is defective in that it's threads do not extend out enough to process early accept the screw on covers. Many have wrote this. Proper screws should be provided.
okay, honestly there is nothing about these pillow cases that i could even pretend to call leather, pleather, faux leather, or even anything related to an animal. they are felt at best. but, if you stand a good five feet back and squint your eyes, they don't look bad. And for my college budget, they do the trick of covering my butterfly patterned pillows from middle school. If you're super trendy, maybe spend a little more somewhere else. If you just want a brown pillow cover that isn't cotton or woven and could seem leather-ish, these are great. But i won't feel bad about donating them if i re-decorate. they have a good construction though and feel very sturdy
I was pleased that these tins are the perfect size for what I was intending to use them for! I want to put my more boring makeup products inside to match the pinky elegant style I prefer. Unfortunately, the tins I recieved were not what I was expecting. I was expecting to recieve the tins in the product photo, or at least in the same style. I only recieved two that were even resembling that style. the rest were very random-- woodland animals, teddy bears, and a rainbow/unicorn design. I will only be using one of the six. I am pretty disappointed! :(
This seemed like the solution to the headrest of my chair wearing out. It has the right look but the Velcro adhesive strip does not stick to the back of this piece. It will stick to the leather of the chair fine but the cloth on the back of the fabric does not allow the Velcro mating piece to remain attached.
Not very happy with it. I thought it was bigger and better. Not sure I will be able to use it.
The package came folded in the envelope
This drying rack is not wide enough to hang shirts without having to scrunch them.
Was very disappointed that the only work required is painting/staining this project. I had hoped there was some construction as this was for a grandchild.
I assumed that the wall art would be the same as displayed on the product images; however, I have found out that it is actually not as wide as the image above, the product description does list the measurements more accurately. The measurements; however, do not reflect the sample image used above.
Easily falls over. Needs to be redesigned.
It stopped working after 2 tumblers
Tastes like plastic.
This set is kinda thin but my daughter loves it and it washes good in the machine.
These are the thinnest towels I have ever purchased, the quality is horrible. They are soft, but it feels like they are going to fall apart any second! I am not impressed, have purchased better quality towels at Walmart.
Very cheap made...rip when trying to put product in them
This product did not work for me.
I wished someone would have said it wasn't just as full as the expensive ones were.
I'll try to add a picture to show how small the XXL version is. I usually wear L to XL shirts and this is supposed to be off the shoulder style. Not even close.
Clock wasn't easy to operate, was ment for older user who could not work.
These items are not very sturdy and the trashcan lid pops off often.
I've been using 3 of these pumps for less than 3 months, and 1 of the pumps is already sticking. You can press it down one time, and then it sticks. Now it's just me and my husband using these, so there's no excuse for this to be happening. We certainly don't abuse the dispenser in anyway. I seriously thought for the price, these would be more durable. The company should consider improving the dispenser quality or at the least, including several replacement pumps.
AC Unit arrived with substantial cosmetic damage due to poor packaging and handling during shipping. Unit seams to work good and it's too heavy and it's too hot to waste time trying to return it, but we are not happy with what we got for the money.
There's better cutting boards out there. Spend a little more to get good ones. Sent these back
Pretty sh**ty for these to rip literally the first time I put them on my bed. I expected more from Eddie Bauer
Very unreliable I only had it a short time and it would work intermittently. I WOULD NOT RECOMEND THIS PRODUCT.
Nothing like hoped for
Came with broken knob and pieces were not marked so it was difficult to figure out what went where
But, I followed the directions, to no avail. The strip stuck to it's self and formed a tight spiral about 17" long. I hung it up in the chicken coop and in less than an hour there were a dozen flies stuck. If it would have not stuck to itself it would much more useful. I did follow the direction, used the tack and pulled gently. I will try another and see what happens. Mary
When I read electric ,I was under the impression that meant the device was chargeable,not the case I will be returning.
If you're looking for a cheap bed ruffle just to have a bed ruffle, then this item is OK. But it really does look cheap. The tension on the stitching on the hem is too tight so it looks very puckered, even before washing. The fabric is very thin too. I wish I would have spent a little bit more to get something nicer.
I like this Jewelry cabinet/mirror a lot, but I am disappointed that I cannot recess it in the wall and still lock it. I stored it and moved it with me so I am beyond my return window now. The lock is on the side right in the center of the side of the cabinet so it will not work when recessed in a wall. It does not have nice trim to hang in a room or bathroom, but would work in a closet or someplace most people do not see.
It is slippery! Every night I have to get up and remake the bed because the blanket slides off the bed during the night. It is very frustrating and my husband hardly ever gets it on his side. Also, it BARELY fits the King size bed.
I don't think I would buy this again, the smell just wont go away, even after washing in and leaving it in the sun for hours. I thought it had but after it has been closed for a few days it smells so bad after reopening it with all my brushes in it!
looks great in pics though the product is good but looks cheap
The metal irritated my skin and almost gave me an infection. I don't think it's actual surgical steel.
The latch isn't a perfect fit and slips off if you pick up or pull back too hard.
I usually like simplehuman products, but I'm not fond of this paper towel holder. The problem is that there is not enough weight in the base of the unit, which results in some tipping of the unit when you pull a paper towel off. Otherwise, it would be fine.
now i know --- i do not like egyptian cotton. it feels like its a synthetic. not comfortable against my body.
Got this for our little popup camper, and we can't use it inside, because it is too powerful. The torque and power of the brushless motor means it creates alot of vibration and noise as a result, A LOT of noise. Without going into a lot of detail direct power hook up is not user friendly when your power supply is from a ceiling light, and you are trying not to get hit by the fan and keep the wires from getting tangled up when you plug it in. For this price point it should have a power switch at the very least, and, for more money, flush mount, variable speed and reverse direction would make it a perfect solution for a small camper. Why 2 stars? Because if you are not extremely careful, it will bite you, might even draw a little blood (as in my case).
Color faded same day. Very very very small .
This blanket is tiny. I know it's intended for a baby but the picture makes it seem like it's bigger than it is.
Did not receive the cardboard for quite a few of the boxes. They we're not in any of the packages.
We bought this clock less than a year ago. It worked well for a while, but now the projection doesn't work. I didn't have any complaints until the projection stopped working. Perhaps we just got a lemon. The projection is just the right brightness and so is the clock face. Wish it still worked.
Bought this for a white elephant gift at my new work place and this was how it arrived. Very embarrassing.
Trying to pull this around like a regular canister vac was annoying. it would just tip over sideways. Carpet or hard floors. It worked well otherwise, but the tipping over was too much. returned.
These things were what Amazon recommended in place of the (out of stock) traditional corded blinds in our apartment. First, the old brackets won't work anymore so I had to replace them. Then, the screws that come with this weren't long enough to go past the drywall and in to any serious wood to hold their weight as I had to mount them inside and they only have one screw hole vertically even though the online instructions show two. Then, you have to get the brackets JUST right or when you go to pull the blinds down you risk yanking them off the brackets and smashing the back of your head. I hate them and if I can find the old style corded or a manufacturer with a more secure mounting method I will be replacing them immediately.
Looks great - but fabric quality and thread count make this the most abrasive and uncomfortable ever experienced. Hard to believe a company would make something like this!
Not waterproof. My kid peed right through it. It might work for something more minor like sweat but not for bed wetting.
Cute picture but once you put it on a wall it does note come off. Had to rip it off in many pieces.
Eventually starts to rust at areas where damp sponges are stored. Since this is designed to be near a sink, and naturally will hold damp sponges (after being rung out), it should be super rust resistant. Will now avoid stainless and look for plastic
I love these couch covers, only bad thing is they don't stay in place. I used the foam pieces to keep the cover tucked into the couch but every time someone sits on the couch the foam pieces pop out. Nice material but would not purchase again.
It worked perfectly for a few weeks then it developed a stale scent that overpowered any aromatherapy scents I placed in the diffuser.
Broke right away. Looks good but cheap.
Great product but leaked everywhere in shipping
This dress is too long unless you are 5'10". Didn't like the way it fit. Don't order this color it is ugly.
Towels made a huge mess in my washing machine. Savers came off everywhere and I'm going to have to deep clean to get it out. My lint trap was the same. And my dark grey towels came out dark brown! Washed as instructions directed. Really disappointed in the coloring on these towels.
Used this for a trip to Spain and it's just not comfortable. You have to practically choke yourself for it to work properly
Great packaging, presentation and design, however the cutouts are too small, making the stencils essentially ineffective.
Panels are cheap and the hardware to install them is even cheaper
This mat had fabric missing. It was not woven very well. I use it over top of another mat in the bathroom. Probably wouldn't recommend it or by it again.
So flimsy, don't grip onto the table, always stick to the cup. I didn't think coasters could be bad but these are worthless
Material looks strong, but not appealing. White on opposite side. Very disappointed. Apparently I didn't read description of the item. Thought I was getting pillows, not pillow cases. Now where do I get the stuffing for cases? An extra expense & inconvenience. Thought I paid enough for a complete pillow. But print on the one side is what expected. Still contemplating returning or keeping. Should of been delivered to my mailbox instead of unnecessary Amazon pick up location. Came in flat & flexible envelope.
smaller than i expected,found one at hobby for a bigger size and cheaper prize
I thought from the pic they were metal.
You have to anchor to the wall or its not stable. Measurements are off on the doors and I have a gap between the doors that makes it look trashy.
Okay, doesn't do much. I wish I bought the one you could add Vick's to
Won't stay charged and the circle you light the cigarette is only big enough to light part of the cigarette. If you are driving or some other type of activity that needs your full attention it is difficult Improvements could make this a great product though
One of the bag's zippers has already broken after one use. I am a bit disappointed in the quality of the product.
They feel like dr office bed sheets. Very disappointed.
I thought these were so very pretty and durable. My sweet Daughter-in-law was adamant that they were end table "doilies" and refused to use them. She said they were not for the kitchen because they were not fluffy like dish towels, I ask for them back but I still have not seen them. I think they are beautiful. They are large, washed well, the colors are bright and cheerful. I really like them.
The crystals inside have never changed color. They always stay clear. I would like a refund on the 3 that I bought.
The hair of elmo appeared to be ripped in numerous places, as if something got snagged. I had to literally trim Elmo before giving it to my child.
They would've gotten a higher review had they mailed these in a box instead of the plastic because when it arrived the basket was broken. It was to late to return or order new had to fix myself.
Tree isn't so bad but the lights are terrible. Lots of bare spots on my 4.5 foot tree. Adding a string of lights would be overdoing it. Very disappointed. Not worth the money. Will most likely put on the porch next year or give to Salvation Army and buy a replacement.
Poor quality. The material is very, very thin and the sequins fall off when you handle it. There were already loose sequins in the bag when I opened it and after trying it on our table to see if it would fit, I now have a table full of sequins. Will have to handle it very carefully and sadly it will likely be a one-time use piece.
The shells are nice. I only received 4, but I paid for 5.
These are terribly hard pillows. They flatten under your head. They do fluff back up but when laying on them they flatten all out and it's super hard. Kinda bummed.
The bath mat pillow set was great for the first 3 months than Pieces started slipping through the top area. It's very uncomfortable to use now so it's just hanging in the bathroom. Very disappointed in the short time it lasted and the amount of money it cost my husband. It was a Christmas gift from him n I didn't even start to use it until around end of January. It's only August n out of bathroom awhile not being used.
The seller forgot to attach the suction cups to the toothbrush holder. I ordered 2packs and received 8 smiley face toothbrush covers. No suction cups in the package either loose or attached to the covers.
These are pretty junky. The blades twist when cutting, which is hard for kids to control. The holes for the fingers are also so small my 7yr old can't get more than 1 finger in comfortably--and he's small, 12th percentile! I wish I'd spent a little more and gotten a slightly better product, as these are a waste of resources. They do actually cut, though, if you can get past them being uncomfortable, so at least there's that.
Nice plate but it was way too expensive considering how little it is
All in all this is a great product but I was missing two pieces.
The lining is bigger/longer than the actual curtain. I'm trying to decide to send it back or just cut the lining out.
BROKEN TO BITS. Item came quickly but was in a million pieces. To bad, it smelled really good. sent it back. Should write "fragile" on the box.
I bought one or these as a Christmas gift 2 years ago and it got all 5 stars. I bought this one for myself and due to poor quality assurance, mine had one horn that didn't fit in the socket. Upon trying to get it to fit the other horn fell out and broke the prongs when it hit my coffee table. Such a simple quality assurance issue that just ruined my week! Would be glad to update my review to reflect my first purchases if the seller replaces item.
On and Off switch don't work from time to time and the product can't be returned or exchanged.
The header says this is 100% feather and down, but the description says down and “down-like material. This down-like material does not form like feather/down does. The non-feather material stays fluffy and doesn't allow you to customize the pillow to your sleeping needs. We've had our pillows since April 2019, and I constantly have neck pain.
I bought these as replacements for the blue base Schmetz stretch double needle. They skip miserably in my singer home machine. Might be ok for someone else. Maybe it would be better on a woven fabric.
Bristles coming out. Not made in USA; made in China.
It was a really mixed bag of quality with these. One of them broke completely with the metal clasp popping off so it's useless. Most of the others have large gaps between the inner and outer hoop. I would say one of these was good enough.
Was not what I expected. I thought I was ordering self adhesive drawer liners. These smell lovely as advertised but it is basically just paper that won't lay flat that moves around in the drawers. Disappointed.
The coasters are nice and fancy like but if you're buying them to actually use them as coasters they don't work. They are to thin and don't protect anything underneath.
I returned this, more curtain than shower curtain
After a couple weeks of sleeping, the soft material was ruined and became bumpy. I'll get something else soon. This isn't great.
2 hooks fell off 3 days after I got it. Had to return.
After a couple washes the pillow cases ripped at the seams and the duvet cover does not hold the duvet well at all
I love the product, but they shorted me in pieces and I got in touch with them and they said they would send the parts but I have not received them yet
The cups are nice but my rack arrived bent.
The product is very miss leading of the size they are nowhere near what it looks like in the picture. Definitely read the description the pieces were no long that 16 inches and less than a 1/2 inch thick. Better for a small 10 gallon
Not worth the price.
low quality. came in the box already with threads pulling out. Do not look like thie pictures. look more like a very cheap hand towel than an even decent bath mat looks. Amazon made right on it though as always
I like the banner but it is spelled wrong so it's completely useless.
This is thin, tears and bubbles easily. If you have any sort of width to do that requires more than one roll, you'll have extreme difficulty lining up the pattern. It wasn't cut by the manufacturer to line up properly side by side. Like another reviewer said, if you try really hard you can, but you'll end up with a lot of waste. If you buy it, buy double what you think you'll need!
Its still neat, I guess. But this definitely isn't the one I ordered and the detail is poor, unfortunately.
Although it looks good, be careful not to bump it, it will break. Looks like it's only held together with some glue. I had to fix it with more glue and much needed wood screws. Considering the cost the wood is cheap and it's not built well.
I have not used this yet, it is very thick and stiff and rough to the touch. It is not what I expected. I thought it would have a coating. I tried to return it twice but the seller never responded. Stuck with this one
Not what I expected at all. It's over priced for the 3 items you get. It look like I comforter but it's as thin as a fitted sheet. Somewhat satisfied only because my daughter wanted unicorn..
Great fit on my mattress, but after one spill this cover was already leaking through to the mattress. Will be returning.
Loved the smoke falling like water , however, could not enjoy due to the amount of smoke. Couldn't breath
Very thin, not horrible, but not spectacular
Two candles burned out in one two hour lighting. suction cups do not fit over window frame while sitting on ledge. Not happy with purchase.
The rubber edge of the squeegee was rough and left a strike on the glass. I returned it.
This thing is 3x the size as it is in the picture.
$13 is a LOT of money for a pillow CASE, because of the price I assumed I was buying actual pillows because that's what I searched up but then when I received it I realized that's not what it was. Overall it's soft and nice but super overpriced and I feel like it wasn't clear enough that these are JUST cases from the pictures, none of the pictures inferred that these are cases and not just normal pillows. So if you're looking for some pricey pillow cases then you found them, their nice quality and they're soft but I wish I could easily return these and buy actual pillows.
Works for short time.
Staffs were missing the ball at top. Just looked like a stick and they did not fit in Joseph and shepherd's hand. All pieces were light in color except Mary and her face was totally dark. Couldn't see the definitions of her face. Loved out of place. Returned. Too much money for it not to be perfect to give as a gift.
Too thin, not holding up. They have only been washed 3 times and seem to have elastic stretching out already. Not a good fit for someone that moves a lot! Material feels very thin also. Not comfortable to sleep on.
I didn't like this at all! It didn't help my pain and it was very difficult to work!
Kept getting caught on itself. I have used adhesive paper that was much easier to put down. Would not buy again
Wasn't like pics very thin
I bought this for my sons room and as soon as I put it on it started peeling off the wall. Decal is too flimsy.
I bought some of these to put in a "Shaker Style" coat rack in my pantry. They were fine, and had a crisp line between the crown of the peg, and the tapered "neck" (for lack of a better term). I had some, but not enough left over when I put in my pantry and wanted to continue the rail. When I ordered more of the exact same item, they were rougher. And the transition from crown to neck was rudimentary and had a long flat surface along the length of the crown. I sorted through the pegs and put the nicer, older ones in more visible locations, and the rougher ones on places like behind the door.
Large flames go into chimney, I was worried about it starting a chimney fire. Didn't last for 3 hrs.
I used the vinyl as specified. It did not stay on. Very disappointed as I ordered the outdoor vinyl for my crafts. They did not pass the test at all.
I was excited to get this item. It arrived and I placed it on my vehicle. Within two weeks the decal began to peel off. I am displeased and have wasted my money.
I use this in a bathroom window, so fairly intermittent use. The middle fan has stopped moving! I've got window fans that are 20 yrs old that still work ok. Ver disappointed in this purchase- will not buy this brand in the future.
The comforter has a huge run in the fabric :( it arrived that way. It was too much of a hassle to return, so I just try to cover it with a throw blanket. Otherwise, I would have loved it
I don't know who is reviewing this shower curtain but it's the pits. It looks cheap and feels cheap. Honestly I've never felt material like this before. I guess it kind of feels like I nylon kite. Anyway, if you're looking for a quality shower curtain this is not the one.
I love it, but Dumbo's ear was broken when I received it. The Hallmark box lid was loose, and the bubble wrap didn't protect it. It needed more bubble wrap so that it couldn't move around. I recommend purchasing from an actual Hallmark versus online.
I always set this on high, but after an hour it drops to low. Night mode keeps turning off (not that it makes a difference). It's louder than I'd like. Also, you have to push way too many buttons to get this thing going.
Colors weren't described appropriately
I do not like the texture of this product. It doesn't cut small details nicely and is very difficult to weed. I have thrown away half of what I've attempted to make. I do like the cutting side stickers they put on. Would not buy thus agsin, though.
Was only faintly fragrant.
I ordered these because I wanted rich jewel tone colors. Didn't get any deep rich colors! These look like ok washcloths but the advertising is very misleading. I will just go to Walmart and pick out what I want. I feel like the picture showed deep rich colors just to get people to buy them and feel like I sort of got ripped off.
I love the look and small profile of this clock, but it randomly changes times by itself, with no rhyme or reason, in the middle of the night. For example, last night when I went to bed the time was correct, when I woke up it was only one hour past the time I went to bed on the clock. Extremely frustrating. Would not recommend this clock due to having to constantly reprogram it
The end piece of the hose fell off only after a few uses so now it is useless for us.
One of the markers came broken and leaking.
The Screen Protector is probably only for ensuring the LCD does not get scratched. It certainly did not protect against impact.
Actually purchased this for our dog that gets very cold in the house during the winter months. There are wide stitching along the blanket edges and I was concerned that it would not hold up under aggressive use.
I have bought better shower curtains at Ross for 1/3 of the cost. It's practically sheer the material is so thin! You can even see the tile colors of our shower walls through the material. I am not happy with this purchase at all and will definitely be returning it!
Didn't have any of the holes aligned right for the hooks. I could only put in one if the screws for each hook. I know it was only 40 bucks but for god sakes could you please make sure we can assemble the furniture correctly? Anyways it's ok if you just tighten with one screw, I was worried the hooks would not hold up with just one screw. It doesnt look as nice as I see in pics (I wonder if that's really the same rack in the pics), but this rack will do for now.
This ripped the first time I put it on the bed. Cheaply constructed with weak seams.
I initially loved this product but within a month, black mold began to appear. In addition, the screw continually fall our of the bottom of the utensil holder so its virtually worthless.
Small candles, nothing special. Overpriced
I wear size 14-16 and the pant was thrown away yea that don't even fit AT ALL like the panties aren't even designed right it big but super small wouldn't fit bigger or smaller the top cute but I'd wear a black bra over
The can came with smudges and scratches, even after returning and getting another one. Looks used and not in good condition.
Have ordered these filters before and was surprised to see that the quality has changed. The order I just received had filters that have a hard, plastic-like look--not the usual soft filter material. Would not order from this source again.
I regret buying this vacuum. You get what you pay for. This is made of cheap plastic, the extendable hose can hardly be called an extendable hose -- it is about 3 feet long and has no "extension" to it. The attachments don't have a place to ride on the back of the machine and are extremely awkward to use -- with a very short, stiff hose and long plastic attachments that don't bend, it is very awkward to use the wand. The vacuum does not auto-propel and each time you change surfaces (e.g. if you're vacuuming a hardwood floor with a rug on it), you have to stop and change the height setting. There is no good place to wind the cord, and the hose frequently pulls out its insert slot on the back. The vacuum does not lay flat so you cannot vacuum under furniture The positives I can say about this vacuum are that: 1) it is lightweight 2) it has good suction I should have spent more money in the first place and bought a better vacuum. Instead, I'm going to be wringing my hands waiting until I can replace this one.
Very cheap feeling. Say's it's never ending, but that is misleading, I feel like it didn't extended that far
It's not a bad smelling candle, but it smells nothing like rain. I would not have purchased it if I knew it just smelled like generic soap
This products picture was nothing like the frame sent. Same shape but it was not the color described. In fact it was cheap thin plastic that looked like a crappy grey primer color. Thank goodness for spray paint to save the day.
I use this in a small simmer pot, not very strong, ok for low scent.
The cups look good, the price is amazing. Will i buy them again? absolutely not! I've spilt coffee on myself and hands and counter and DROPPED entire cups of coffee because of this lid.... It has no grip at all, you can actually lift it off of your cup with ease.
Why is it so hard to find quality wood hangers? So if you are looking for quality these are not it. For a wood hanger these are light duty. That's fine if you are just looking for a hang shirts and pants. They are a step up from plastic. The real problem is the finish. It's really poor. Its very snaggy. We're not talking big splinters but a very definitely roughness. It's ok for sturdier fabric like denim or cotton twill but you can definitely feel it pulling on more delicate fabrics.
The face on this clock has a purple hue that is distracting. Otherwise, I would give it a high rating.
I though these were more sturdy. I wasn't happy with them but decided to keep them anyway.
The pillow shams are very short. I can not get my regular pillows into them.
Product came in damaged!!! Some pieces have dark spots on them. One of the corners was smushed.
Too small ~ it barely cut. All dies were extremely cheap . Don't waste your money .
When this arrived I was so excited because of it vibrancy. I wasn't going to use it on a bed, but as the summer blanket on the couch. After one washing, it faded drastically. It is still a good summer weight, but I am saddened by its faded look.
The sticky surface of the hangers wasn't strong enough to hold the toys... We had to improvise
I ordered the 16x20 gold frame. When it arrived the inside packaging was not that great, only foam paper wrapped on the corners of the frame itself. One of the corners of the frame was split. And one of the clips that keeps the back on was broken.
Ring adjuster slides around circumference if ring. Had to constantly adjust. Finally gave up.
I now realize why these sheets were on sale. The material does not hold up to normal use. After using these sheets for just a short time I find that little pills (little tiny balls as on sweaters) form and are uncomfortable to sleep on. I would not recommend these sheets.
Price is great for 6. I had another brand with a different dispenser - this dispenser seems much sturdier so far. That other one lasted just over a year before it stopped foaming well. It doesn't dispense as much per press than the other but the amount is still plenty in my opinion. Time will tell if it lasts longer. 6 months later and 5 of the 6 have failed already with regular use. Now they just spit out mostly air with a slight bit of foam. I won't be buying them again.
I ordered these for classroom use and overall the product was great for that. However, not happy that of the 10 mirrors in the pack, 6 were broken in the corner. Not sure when that happened in the shipment and delivery process, but it is dissapointing.
Very small and do not have any similarity to real fern. Plastic and cheap appearance.
returning, do not like feel of cover.
They are very secure and keep the comforter in place, but I was surprised at just how often I found them bothersome while sleeping. They are too bulky and awkwardly shaped. I only saw one other reviewer mentioned this prior to buying so I thought it was important to add my input as well since it is definitely a design flaw. I didn't think it would bother me and it absolutely did.
I am concerned that this might be a fake, because it was not sealed, and did not have the blue certificate of authentication. .
I don't trust this as an alarm clock. Sometimes it goes off and sometimes it doesn't. Nice easy to read clock at night though. Wish it were red rather than blue though.
I really liked the look of this clock, but right out of the box, one hand was bent. Annoying, but not too big a deal. My husband popped open the face of it and was able to straighten it out. Worked fine for a couple of weeks and now all of a sudden, it won't keep the right time. And it's not the battery. Something is off with the mechanics I guess. I don't know the deal but of course I'm past the return deadline now. For the price, I expected better.
I must say I was disappointed these are sheets not curtains. I do like them however they are not as I aspected. I'm debating on returning them.
Perhaps it was due to a shipping mishap but this arrived with pegs broken off. It does seem sturdy thou and didn't have any splintering wood pieces. This is much narrower than another 60 count racks I own as well(the dimensions may be listed but I didn't think to look at them due to all my others being the same size)
Very thin and cheap towel Bought it as a gift and can't because it feels so cheap- return costs half as much as the item so will donate it instead
The Doppler was not reliable.
Constructed very poorly. Not sturdy and candle tray sways
Mat got damaged in the washing machine
Cute little dog toys but beware the eyes are hard plastic and my dog went for them first thing! I had to cut the eyes out of all of them and sew them back up. But other than that, my puppy has enjoyed them
Ordered like-new product, but it comes with scratches on soleplate
Didn't work well for me. Had to send back. Could get it to uncurl well enough personally
Two bottles came in beat to hell with dents all in them. Can't use them for orders.
I ordered two Ello and Allo bronze toilet paper holder and only got one. The other one is a Delta and not at all what I wanted. Amazon will refunded me but cannot send me another one since it is through another seller. Your getting two stars because the ONE I got is really nice.
Very small but strong
Pretty disappointed it was sharp even just a little bit sharp when I gave it a test run. Didn't cut my fairly tin leather or even a paper towel without some force behind it. Did a little bit of sharpening to it to help out and it's a bit better now but I have to really get it sharpened professionally to cut well.
Maybe, maybe a temporary fix at best. Maybe, maybe I'm using it wrong. Directions Obama (suck).
Very pretty but it was way too small for my wrist and I am by no means a big person
I have tried getting used to these sheets but am going to have to send them back. They are poorly constructed and wrinkle so badly (yes, I know they are all cotton) that even ironing them does not work well. The stitching puckers so much that they do not look neat even when ironed. Ironing does help the appearance somewhat, but because I am 75 years old I am not able to iron sheets every time they are laundered.
I just recently purchased this Water Fountain Four Bowl Cascading and it has been a challenge, so far the fountain leaks allot of water to the point I have to add water every morning and I have try all kinds of things to eliminate this problem but nothing has worked I'm considering trowing it away soon if my last try does not work. lessons to be learned.
I liked the concept of being able to drain the water out, while leaving the noodles inside the pot. This eliminates the need to use a separate straining colander. I also liked the stainless steel function, so I don't have to deal with carcinogens from all the trendy coatings that they are applying to cook ware these days. Here's what I don't like: the handles are plastic and not full formed stainless steel, so they may break and crack over time from the heat cooking. Also, the top lid knob is plastic and will probably crack over time also. Note that the manufacturer went with the cheaper 18/0 stainless steel, instead of the more rust resistant 18/10 stainless. The most bothersome thing about this stock pot is that under the lid there is a black plastic nub piece that is constantly exposed to steam while cooking and even though the plastic is deemed safe I prefer not to have plastic moisture condensate dripping into my spaghetti noodles. Luckily I caught that issue when I was unboxing the pot and was able to return the product back to the seller with no issue, since I still had the shipping box and never used the pot.
The bedding seemed a good quality for the money. However, very disappointed it has no mention of Dry Cleaning Only. Thats a deal breaker for me. So I decided to get the down polyester filled comforter instead. I must also mention the wrong size and item was shipped the first time, so I had to repack and send it back via UPS. No fun there!
delivered cracked. Very poor quality particleboard. chipped every time I put in a screw.
The toothbrush holder came off multiple times, won't stick to surface for long! The toothpaste dispenser however is still holding!
Very cheap quality. Not what I was expecting.
Ordered May 23, 2018. Today is Wednesday, March 27. So, ten months ownership. Enjoyed the fragrance without smoke and the many changing colors during the night. Item began to cut off frequently when first turning on over the past few uses. Just turned it back on and it would continue to work. Sometimes 3 times was the charm. Today, I refilled the water reservoir. Turned it back on and walked away. Moments later noticed water had leaked through the bottom of the unit. Ruined top of wood table. It was at that time I noticed a scorch mark from where it had been resting; and then the loss of all the water today. Advice. Choose wisely where you place this appliance; and how. Maybe consider a warranty if it is offered.
I bought this product to have an easy way of cleaning up crumbs without having to remove the table cloth every day. Disappointed though because this product does not pick up the crumbs well at all. I won't bother returning it but won't use it either. I think a simple mini whisk broom would work much better.
We had to send the first one back and the second one doesn't appear to be much better.
I purchased this fan in March and it just stopped working ! I really expected it to last longer. 4 months is not that long, I'm so disappointed. I really like this fan.
There was writing in black marker ink on the sheet. (Why sell it like that?)
I needed a shoe rack that was less than 20" wide. This is still the only one I can find that fits that dimension requirement. That said, the thing fell apart very quickly. It is described as "steel/plastic" but as far as I can tell the entire construction is cheaply made plastic parts. Quality control is poor so the pieces don't even fit properly, and they break easily under the weight of regular shoes. Would not recommend.
Atomic Clock does not work. Range on the outdoor unit is poor when not on a window within line of sight to the clock.
Died quickly the watch started running slower and slower and eventually replacing with new batteries is not helping
Made very cheap. Don't bother.
Hanging hardware was not included
Falls over easily. I ended up buying another product
Although cheaply made I had expected that for $9.99. However it doesn't remotely keep accurate time as it gains significantly in a short amount of time.....no excuse for that even at this price.
They are pretty but the pearls started falling falling off as I was taking them out of the package. Not very happy about that. Don't care for needing to piece them back together or the possibility of more of the pearls falling off. 🙁
Lost form after a short time
very pretty but fall off every time they are moved
I was so excited to get this shower curtain in. It is cute from afar but up close the lines are very blurred.
These were weird colored, almost all floral, very thin pieces of fabric. The colors and variety were not even close to the advertised picture. I was very disappointed.
Used (or tried to use) this through 3 tubes of toothpaste. Could never get consistent with having appropriate amounts of toothpaste on the brush, and always had a mess on the inside of the dispenser. I gave up and took it off the wall as carefully as I could, and it took large amounts of paint with it. If it didn't work for an adult, I certainly would not recommend it for children.
It's nice... BUT... No where NEAR 70" and way more thin than expected with it being called a tapestry. Kind of disappointed in it but not enough time to return it and get something else.
unstable and keeps on collapsing
This cord was neatly shrink-wrapped on a spool with an attractive label; however, the cord itself had some unappealing quality-control issues. The black cord had a lot of lint and other small debris lodged in the fibers, making the product appear old and pilly. I have included a close-up photo so that you may see for yourself. Overall, I am dissatisfied with this product.
It's not the right texture to be a beach towel or yoga mat. It is pretty, though.
be careful of closed top. can't tell from the picture....you want to be able to just throw laundry in instead of have to push thru the top. had to return it.
The filter does not fit my vacuum even though the description states my make and model etc. It's just as well I really only needed the foam band which had deteriorated over time with being washed etc. NOT a bad product as long as it physically attaches and fits.
I like the idea of this but it doesn't work as well as I would like.
I didn't like the linen. It got dirty fast and when you washed it the fabric was ruined. I have it two stars because they came looking exactly like the picture
When I ordered this product I thought it had a hinge when received it is only a ribbon, sending this product back plus it is too small for what I wanted it for
Very poor quality. You can see through the sheets, literally. I wish I could return it to be honest. It definitely isn't worth what I paid.
Product arrived with seams opening, wasn't exactly what I was looking for .
Doesn't seem air tight at all
Thinner then I thought used as dog collar and puller apart not very happy for what I needed them for.
This candle smells very floral. Not woodsy or muskie at all like the description. The jar is very beautiful and of good quality the wood wick very nice. This is not at all the smell I was looking for but if you are into floral perfume smells this is for you. If I had to describe the smell I would say it is like grandma's white diamonds perfume.
Honestly, this thing sucks...and not literally. Barely picks up crumbs at point blank range. Bought a black and decker vacuum and it's MILES better than this one. This guy just doesn't have any sucking power.
It works but it didn't arrive new. The package had clearly been open before and the burner itself was definitely used. I would have returned it, but I didn't have time to wait for another one to shop. Frustrating
not feels like pure cotton
its been just two months and there is already a hole in the mattress. Never had a good sleep. I dont recommend it at all.
Color was exact. Very soft sheets. However, they did not fit our mattress right, bunched up material at corners even though we have deep pockets. They also started getting wear fuzz balls really quickly.
Very disappointed, washed upon receiving as had smell, colors very faded and elastic keeps rolling up, would not recommend
The battery died. I had to throw it out. I don't think it's even a year old.
These were not completely square so don't plan on doing any pretty napkin folds. Also useless except as a lap covering. Not soft or absorbent.
I had to return them because one was broken. But I would've kept it if it wasn't. Each one had its own design and they are a small size. I just hope that they will package the box a little better or put a sign on the outside that would say glass who something else.
I have the same complaint as many others...the misters fail. Half of them that I have tried no longer work. I only got 3 pumps out of one of them. The bottles themselves are beautiful. You'd think with all the negative reviews the seller would put better misters on these. Now I have to go buy replacements. Not so easy because I have no idea what size to get. I will have to bring the bottle with me and find one that fits. Very frustrating! It's my fault, I didn't read the reviews.
Not warm enough. I wished I'd returned it. It does take slight edge off the concrete floor but I would like more
I was happy to find this piece to replace on my broken Shark. Price was good and had it in a few days. When I installed it however, I was no longer satisfied. It wouldn't stay attached and kept popping of with any pull on the handle. Returned the same day it areived.
Did not receive filters, received hotor car power device.
Worked great for two months then started making horrible noise. Too late to return of course.
These weren't great. They didn't stay on well I lost them. I was looking for something with a tight fit to help secure my earrings so I wouldn't loose them.
This potholders seem to be very well made - the stitching is crisp and they seem very durable. They wash well when dirty, and maintain their shape. But they are WAY too thin! Even when pulling a light-weight cookie sheet from the oven, the holders do not block the heat well. You have enough time to get the pan out and set it sown somewhere close, but don't wait too long, because the heat makes its' way through these pretty quick. For the price, I can double them up when needed, but would have liked them to be a little thicker.
Ink pad was dried out and clumpy as well. Had to buy new ones.
Extremely disappointed with this product based on the reviews. One wash cycle in my one year old Whirlpool and the seam is already open. I'll update my review because I haven't actually slept on it, but I suspect most of the reviews here are fake.
We received this with the big picture frame broken. Black frames are beautiful but wish it wasn't damaged so I could hang them up. I would think they would have added fragile to the box so they are careful. I will update once I receive a replacement.
Use on chair for elderly person with dementia. Some stains do not come out. Strap does not keep in place
It's a nice size. The led lights are not bright enough to actually see my face well to put on makeup, and they actually cast shadows rather than illuminate it evenly. I am very disappointed.
A couple of these are defective. They have a portion of the hole (used to sew them on) which is not complete - so they are open and will just fall off if you try to sew them on. :(
No star and when I contacted the company I was told I would have to find one and purchase it myself because they do not stock them to send to people who don't receive one. Went to 5 stores before I found a star that would sort of fit with a piece of cork to fill in the space. However, the cork blocks most of the light. The aggravation is the reason for the 2 stars. With a star it would have been fine. Another time I would return it and reorder until I got one with a star.
Much smaller than the picture makes it look. Yes yes I don't want to hear how I should have looked at the dimensions
It came broken, a little chipped, and dusty for some reason. If it was not damaged it would have been fine, but it was broken.
This may seem like a value for your money. The box came and was filled with glitter and some of the balls had their coating rubbed off. Overall it looked very cheap, I returned them and went to Target. I'm realizing Christmas ornaments are things best bought in person.
It has a TON of glitter. The box the box was in had glitter in it. The garland itself is nice if there was just less glitter or none at all.
lights blink on and off
The top suction part came off a month after using and it now spills every time I close the top. Is there anyway I can buy a new suction part?
Did not come with the advertised adhesive command strips. Very dissapointed because I'm at a remote base in afghanistan and can't just go pick some up from target.
They look so cute in the picture! Unfortunately, I didn't get to see them in person. When I opened the end of the box, I could see that the wings were broken off. I just closed the box and sent them back. I was so disappointed! There was no problem with the return.
Never fluffed up although I tried to in dryer and with my hands. Very flat and LUMPY. Not worth more than $5.00. Your neck will HURT.
The product met expectations, but the packaging was insufficient, thus entire set of papers was wrinkled.
Soft white is not soft, it's bright white like from a classroom. I bought the dimmer for them and I'm glad I did. They are just way too bright. They also don't sit flush on top on cabinets and need to be screwed down which in turn, ruined our cabinets, and because my fiancé had to cut into some areas where the cabinets don't naturally lay flat on top. We are not happy, even though you can only see the damage from standing on a chair, but they add some character to our kitchen, and save money on the electric bill. I recommend warm white, not soft white unless you want to be blinded by the brightness!
Great faucet, problem is the hot water line which was provided was defective and leaked at the shut off valve. No problem, just replace the water line right?... No, it is a special item that can not be purchased at big box or plumbing supply.
We purchased this as a replacement for an old nightlight we had. Unfortunately, this will not hold the old shade.
I was excited to get this but the smaller crochet hooks are insanely cheap. I didn't even pull on these to make the hooks pull out I was just crocheting a doily and the hooks pop off. Very disappointing.
Its not as big as it looks in the picture. I was going to use this for making my wedding centerpieces. But, these were way too small, unfortunately. They are pretty, though.
These don't smell that much, don't last long at all. I don't know what these other reviewers got, but mine were not good
I have mixed feelings the overall quality is amazing and sturdy but someone just decided these were not worth spending the time to paint. Please spend time painting my 2 year old could of done a way better job. It's an inconvenience so keep that in mind when ordering as a precaution a recommend having paint handy and really to use. I kept this because it does look like it's going to hold up.... but again I can't love it completely.... I will be fixing. Paint should also be included with the price of the product.
Not what I was hoping it would be.
Purchased the Roomba to help keep up with my dog's shedding. It works well on the hard surfaces (hardwood, tile, etc.) but not great at getting the hair out of the carpet. We have not had it for long, but can see the vacuum passing right over some clumps without picking it up. Additionally, when there is one particular room to clean it is difficult to keep there, and it does not move in a logical pattern so misses spots. The “bag” for lack of the correct term is small and fills quickly. The vacuum does not tell you when it needs to be emptied, so it could be running for a long time, picking nothing up, when it is full. Hardwood score - (A-) Carpet score - (C-) Overall - (B-) Unsure if we would purchase again
It was a great product if it wasn't shrink after one wash! the pillow case cannot fit inot my pillow anymore! Disappointed.
I was under the impression that the globe would be more white. It is very yellow. Will be returning this product.
Wasn't what I was expecting. Makes for a great sheet 😑 cute though!
Glad I didn't pay the original price for this clock. The hands are flimsy and the aesthetics are EH.
Because the conditioner won't come out of the dispenser, it makes this pointless. I still have to keep a conditioner bottle in the RV shower. Of course that bottle falls down and spills when the RV moves. But I also couldn't return it because I have all my shampoo, conditioner, and body wash in it. Don't waste your money.
These sheets are nice but if u stain them, it never comes out. I've tried several products but the stain is still there. I wanted to wait to see if it would come out before I have my recommendation. I wouldn't buy these again. Will buy another brand.
Arrived super quickly which is nice because we just moved, but very very cheap. Super thin, I know you get what you pay for but I can go to Kohls and buy a liner for $11 that's better quality. But hey lesson learned.
....makes tons of noise without going anywhere quickly. This fan makes tons of noise without moving all that much air.
I had previously bough some cleaning towels and I thought I was buying the same thing. My first purchase was double thickness which I liked. The second batch were single thickness which I didn't like.
This looked sturdy but 5 minutes after installing it, it fell down. Not happy.
I found this product very difficult to use and the clips would not stay attached to the rope. Every time I tried to move the clips up or down they just popped off the rope. So I will not use bc it's so frustrating and time consuming.
I was super excited for this to put up in our bathroom as a fun decor. The one I was looking forward to the most, the "Have a nice poop" one came all messed up!! Looks like it was double printed on or something. I was super super bummed. Going to try to return and get another. Paper quality was nice so it gets another star for that. Just super super bummed I have to wait to put these up.
Really disappointed. The rack is great but there are parts missing! It came without the toilet paper holder and the towel hanger.
Up until now I liked this vacuum. Vacuumed well, mopped well enough to do a light clean. However, I've had it less than a year and one of the wheels has stopped moving. So now it just goes in a tight circle. I emailed customer service and didn't hear back so I emailed them again today.
Tested it out for about a month - overall found that it was pretty ineffective despite the positive reviews. I had all 4 plugged in different rooms of a 900 sq ft apartment. One in the bedroom, one in the kitchen, one in the living room, and one in the bathroom. It seemed to work for the first few days, which is why I'll give it 2 stars. However after about a week/week and a half we saw roaches/ants/other bugs again. At one point, I saw a roach crawling on the wall directly across from where it was plugged in in our bedroom (less than 6 ft away). We also saw ants/roaches in the kitchen despite having it plugged in all the time. We tried moving them around, putting more than 1 in a room, etc but no luck. We're having an exterminator come again today and I'll be looking for a better solution. overall, seems like more of a gimmick than anything
Looks fake. I was disappointed in the color and texture. Local Dollar store has better quality ferns.
These were disappointing. Not as realistic as depicted. Sorry I wasted my money
Smell doesn't last at all. I buy all kinds of smell good and this is awful advertisement.
These were not soft at all. I returned them. Description was misleading.
Nice and puffy, fits the mattress well, but does NOTHING to disperse heat from a memory foam mattress as some have claimed..
Instructions say to wash it and air out for a couple days. We aired it out for a week and it still smelled so I returned it. I have a child so the chemical smell bothers us, maybe it doesn't bother some people.
One of the light bulbs on each of the units is burnt out already.
It was ok... The problem that I found is epoxy was still very sticky after 24 hours. This didn't meet my expectations like I would have liked, but it almost worked really well.
This product gets the job done but if you are an extreme juicer don't buy this product... Invest in a better product.
The image of the print was deceiving! In the advertisement, the print appeared to have a frame around it but it didn't have one when I got it. I accidentally did not read the fine print because of it. I had to buy an additional frame for $25, making the total for the purchase much more than I expected to pay. Also, the upper right black area of the print produces a sense that something is "missing". Perhaps the engraved words should have been placed there instead?
These are a mediocre soft. What I expected for this price, but was hoping for better because of all the 'soft' reviews. I washed them once but no difference. Worth the price but don't let the 100% Egyptian cotton fool you. Feels like mediocre Walmart brand. Also wrinkles. Overall disappointed :(
You get what you pay for. These look fake even at a distance.
Shelves have very little support. Sagged when first book was placed on it
I was excited to find this item which had good reviews and a good price. Very disappointed though. The front seats did not have the straps to secure it in and the back seat covers were way too big and looked lumpy and sad. Very very disappointing.
I buy this one and is ok in the firsts months but don't work after 8 moths and not warranty I try contact the seller for the warranty and never respond, I asume not warranty before 1 year
This pillows was kind of terrible, I used it once on a recent backpacking trip and was extremely annoyed as it it deflated multiple times throughout the night.
Says Mother's Day gift but unless mom has teeny tiny wrists it wont fit. Teen girl, yes. Mom, no. I had to return it. It's very beautiful.
Suction cups not strong. Actually they are very weak!!
I opened the box, it was well packaged. Bags and a pump were included in the package. No instructions included. The bags are made of a plastic seems like a durable material. The bags were very nice, big and fix lots of clothes inside, I used bed sheets. I put the sheets inside the bag, closed the bag. You'll receive a small plastic part to help you close the bag. But when it came to taking the air out with the pump, I was extremely dissatisfied. The product did not live up to my expectations. I was extremely excited to try this product. Maybe if used with a vacuum the outcome would be different?? Not sure. I would not recommend this product. I'm very sorry.
This product is hard to use correctly. The top tray lifts up as you fill it with water and the only way I got it to work was putting a plate on top of the ice mold to keep the water from making the silicon float. It is extremely annoying to break apart all the extra ice. The skull looks very cool untill it starts to melt. Not worth the effort for what the overall result is.
The colors are not shinny/reflective like the photo.
we do bracelets on fishing line and melt them on to wear for months. but so sad because the color wore off with in weeks. love the colors just wished the color was permanent
Pro - the color is really cute and great for xmas. Cons - once the material was on, it felt stiff and like plastic. In addition, once it was washed, it wrinkled horribly. Didn't come off, but wrinkled.
The mist is inadequate and it keeps shutting off every couple of hours even at 6 hour setting.
the cap can't seal up perfectly, the bottle handle is too lose to stay in where it should be.
The protective cover some sort of man-made polymer., and does not breath at all. Furthermore the inner lining broke and stuffing became lumpy within 2 months.
Much louder than my old AC and doesn't cool as well. Fan makes a loud clicking noise on the lowest setting (but not the highest). WiFi control is slow to update and unreliable. Defaults to energy saver, which is annoying. I don't recommend this.
Ordered for my niece but they are sending me a new one right away.
A lot smaller than I thought
Adequate , it lost air overnight and was soft by morning.
Falls apart way to easy and doesn't hold shoes all that well! Our metal rods got bent super easy with kids, then the plastic side pieces broke, causing it to fall apart even easier! We glued everything together but every time someone would walk by and touch it the plastic would brake in another spot! The rods then became toy swords and it all went in the trash!
Not worth what I paid for this product.
There are no instructions included!
I don't think there are enough grooves in the product to stop the shoes from slipping off especially high heels.
These were awful to me. When I laid down my head hit the bed and the pillow tried to smother me. It came up around my face. I tried removing some of the stuffing and that didn't help. I am returning these and getting something better.
Adding to the reviews. These are extremely thin and absolutely will mold after a few months. Using these as temporary curtains while remodeling the shower so just replacing them every few months (yes, it's a slow remodel). Using 3 of them to create a box while I tile the rest of the shower. If you spend more than about $7, you spent too much on them. Not worth it. They also kick out because the weight of the magnets aren't enough to keep them down (clothes pins help here). I'm in agreement with the other reviewers that unless you are deliberately using them as disposable lasting just a few months, you should look at other products instead.
I had just screwed one side of the rack posts and when I turned it to screw the other side, one of the side bars came off -bad welding job... it is going back...
Super cute but the lid has brown splotches that won't come off so it detracts from the overall look
Cool clock, but it won't stay working
Dispenser gets soap build up on it, even when not being used.
Product only has 2 speeds and is kind of noisy on both settings.
Smaller than advertised so it did not match what I was trying to do. Cheap though so i kept for future projects.
I'm a size 14 at the moment with a 38-40 bust, as I just had a baby at apparently ate like a savage during the process. I agree with the other reviewers that the top of the apron is awkward and ENTIRELY too small. My guess is this would be considered plus sized for an Asian woman who may be all of about 135-140 pounds? Sure it still works but I'd never leave the house with it on. Maybe I'll use it as a pattern and att 2 inches overall to the dimensions and sew another one. It'd be easy enough to do. Honestly, if you're at all larger sized, reconsider this one.
smells extreme strong chemical smell my whole bathroom stinks, wondering how long smell will last length is good color is nice medium blue not light or dark suction cups work good BUT SMELL IS VERY BAD!!!!!! plastic rubber smell extremely STRONG!!
...this is a fantastic product. Don't expect the bags to last more than one trip however. Perhaps I got a dud, but I'm sorry to throw even more plastic out.
Got this to go with a matching trash can. These are difficult to fit into the matching trash can and yes I'm following the instructions. It's a tight weird fit.
Here is why this is getting a 2 from me. The seat in the picture is black, and as you can see in the pictures, mine is grey. Also, the edges of the foam seat are not clean and are raggedy. The foam appears to be an inferior material from the one in the picture on the Amazon listing. Not Happy.
It's pretty but too thin!
Very small amount for the price, looking at about a handful at most. Will say the shells were intact.
Didn't work with my cricut and unable to return.
Super cute presentation and packaging was adorable. However, I had this at my desk for less than 12 hours and had to get rid of it. I am not sensitive to smell but I felt like I was going to pass out from the strong scent. I was light headed and had a headache from it all. Not worth purchasing - really made me feel sick.
Well made, great material... But is too large both in diameter and depth for standard tub drain. 2-3 inches is standard... this is much bigger and as a result does not seal drain. Also basket sits too deep into drain. I tried it on 2 different tubs which are configured differently and it does not work.
These are really only suited for very thick drapery. My light weight guaze drapes with black out liners were far too thin for this item.
Not great on all post earrings.
One of them doesn't charge. I think the charging panel is defective. It won't turn on when it gets dark, and it won't turn off when it's light out. I put in a new battery and it works, but won't charge, so useless.
The first week or so it was great, but now it makes clanking, clicking, and gurgling noises when on the lowest setting . Very annoying and disappointing.
Packaging was great, but the paper was not meant for markers as it bled through. Not what I was expecting.
I have severe anxiety and I've been wanting a weighted blanket for the last few years. I got a blanket heavier than recommended just in case. It does next to nothing. It's a soft, warm blanket but this whole weighted blanket craze is overrated. It does not soothe anxiety nor make any difference in sleep.
After a few weeks the book fell apart. The spine and pages disconnected.
The cabinet looks great however mine did not come with an instruction pack or the keys. Which the lock was the whole reason I ordered it. Hopefully the seller is responsive and I can just get the pack without having to return the entire thing. I will update my review when / if I hear back.
This is very thin, bends really easily if you put any pressure on it at all. Will do most normal wood stove clean out, but don't expect it to work in anything that has hardened. For the price that I got it, it's not bad, but if you want something that is sturdy, check for another (more expensive) ash shovel.
Ok, the appliance works great, except the hose gets brittle and breaks. Try to get a new one and the company doesn't sell it directly, have to go through an appliance repair place, even though I assembled the hose on the bissel in the first place. There's no repair place nearby so I'm SOL. So the thing works fine except a cracked hose, which I've tried to patch together with electrical tape that leaks.
I o ordered this product because it was suppose to come with a beginners book. There's no book. Can I have the book that was suppose to come with??
Really poor quality Remains to be seen if it keeps time but just poor. If you want a clock, it's not ugly. But is really cheesy and plastic. No expectations, you won't be disappointed.
Update: the replacement unit we received today is even worse than the original drawer we wanted to replace! Thanks to amazon for sending a third unit but this is quite disturbing! I ordered three of these and there is not one of them that did not come with some flaws. See the pictures. Two of them slide in and out fine and one of them is not smooth at all. It looks like it may be not square or there is something wrong with the sliding mechanism. Not too happy about it considering the price of these sliding drawers.
Doesn't fit chair along the back.
Dull. Cheap. Made of burlap
This is just my personal opinion. I thought the pillow was too soft. I want to use it for traveling and it would probably be OK just to use on the plane or in the car for short stints but I travel overseas for months at a time and wanted to be able to use it as a bed pillow too. Just not to my liking.
5 months in and the sensor/mechanism has already stopped working. Won't open/close fully when activated, often gets stuck in a loop where the lid won't stop closing and then opening itself again over and over, very annoying to deal with. Avoid this product!!
These aren't great at all. They don't hold a flame and they barely burn. The smudge sticks where all pounded to pulp.
These are pretty and soft, but I washed them twice with other bedding and there is a hole. The quality is not great; I would not buy them again.
I expected the cotton sheets to be softer
I thought these would work since they are not contact paper. But they slide all over the place in the drawers and cupboards. Always have to re position them. Do not recommend for kitchen.
They feel very cheap. They are soft but not thick.
1st thing 1st: toss the mounting bracket and just drill through the back panel and straight into the wall. You will need 2 1/2" to 3" screws. Unscrew it, then install wall anchors where your screw holes went into the sheetrock. 2nd: For those looking to have a hidden drawer? This isn't the one for you. It's obviously a drawer on the front, doesn't sit flush nor is it an exact match to the shelf dimensions. Spend the extra money and buy a real floating shelf/concealed compartment. made from compressed sawdust (aka the cheapest stuff you could build it out off). Drawer has no stops or slides: just comes right out and falls on floor if not careful. Wall mount guides that shelf is supposed to sit on are so sloppy the shelf sits at an angle and is not snug.
The dropper that came with this product is a joke. I received a cheap plastic tube that doesn't fit into the rubber bit for the dropper. Other than that its a decent oil so far.
I had bought this in Oct 2016, by mid 2017, they had already become quite soft, and by end of 2017, they had almost flattened.. Certainly not worth the current price.
its very cheaply made, wouldn't purchase again.
These pillow cases are the worst 100% cotton cases I've ever had! They collect hair like crazy! I have a dog but dont have this problem with others I have. If you have pets dont buy these! I dont understand how 100% cotton can react this way.
The comforter is not a normally-sized queen comforter, it did not fit my duvet. Other than that, it was a pretty good quality comforter, although not high class or anything.
Would not buy again not too happy with the quality compared to other brands.
It's a pretty color, but it somehow snagged when I washed it and now has a long line across it. It also stains very easily! I should have returned it, but lost my window.
I felt they looked cheap for what I wanted to use them for
Strong smell and not very zen-like.
I don't think there's anything I liked about these other than the price. On the other hand there are a lot of things that I don't like. They feel weird and they don't clean well. I tried using them just to wipe off my counters and they just shove crumbs around and leave dust in little piles.
On the thin side. Sheets are also see through.
These are a knock off of what you see in the first picture. There is no volume to the bow and the beading ends abruptly on the edge. Pretty cheap and when I tried to make the actual bow stand out a little bit instead of lay flat the glue that held things in place came apart a bit. That seems to be fixable but still...
This product is not what I thought it was going to be I ordered it wrong this particular one is not a pen type therefore it did not benefit what I needed.
Purchsed this for my office building and turns out the rolls are shorter that standard rolls, thus keeps falling off the tp dispenser.
Doesn't hold its shape after you wash it.
The remote control is a piece of junk. The most important buttons - the volume buttons - do not work. Of course, all the other buttons do work. Not the greatest sound quality, but serves its purpose. I would not really recommend based on the remote not working properly.
I expected more for what I paid for this. The long part of the frame doesn't sit even at the middle, so it appears to bow. The photo I included shows the top of the frame against the box, for straight edge reference. It does the job, and I needed to get this photo framed for a project I needed finished tomorrow. Next time I'll get an assembled, wood or metal frame.
Wouldn't buy it gets clogged way to easy .
I don't have arthritis or any ailments to prevent me from holding these, but I found them to be way too heavy and uncomfortable. My hand was fatigued after just a few snips. They do cut nicely though. My mom and grandma love theirs however so I think it's up to personal preference...I just don't see what the big deal is I guess.
I gave this candle a low score because the scent is too subtle. I had hoped for a nice strong cinnamon scent but the candle emits a very mild scent that I can't identify. I didn't realize the Nika's candles were returnable/refundable so I continued to burn it, mostly for the candlelight, certainly not for the scent.
Disappointed that the section for the toothpaste tube is oval rather than circular and cannot accommodate the circular cover for the toothpaste tube. The picture is misleading.
Very small. It makes ice cubes that just water down a drink.
I had purchased Utopia pillows and thought I was purchasing the same ones again or at least similar but they aren't anywhere near as good as the Utopia pillows. They didn't puff up very much after the shrink wrap and they just really aren't great pillows. Very disappointed.
The size was awesome. The scent wasn't strong. When I buy scented candles I would like to smell them through the house. These you can barely smell standing next to it.
Didn't do anything but make me feel a little sick. I'll stick to coffee.
Stars do not glow well and the two sized tape failed as soon as the ceiling fan was turned on.
These sheets are rayon and polyester, not bamboo. They are extremely thin and you can definitely see through them. These sheets are nothing like the bamboo sheets I already own. They may be OK for a guest bedroom, but not for every day use.
Very thin material. I thought for $20 a piece this would be better quality fabric. They are nice looking, love the pattern. But not worth what I paid for 4 sets.
I expected when I ordered it that it was a mattress cover with padding. Its about 1/4 to maybe 1/2 inch thick if that! Not padded very well. I wouldnt order it again !
Disappointed it should have been advertised as a 2 inch not a 4 inch topper. I was replacing a 4 inch memory foam topper and it does not compare. It is comfortable just not as advertised.
Some of the felt was off off the side.
The top had a giant chunk of the wood broken off. I need this for my baby's closet otherwise I would have returned. Seems pretty overpriced for the junk quality.
Not as sturdy as I would hope - width is about the size of a cooler, Not worth the price
'the clock does make some sound-a low vibrating sound that would be annoying if it were not just used in our bathroom.
I did not realize hat you had to manually make the tassels yourself. It was a pain and took forever.
So weird! The bags are good but they are packed in an unmarked cardboard box & are folded together. There's no easy way to dispense them. I can't pull out just one bag. When I pull one out they all come out. And because they're in a plain box with 4 flaps instead of a dispenser box they're inconvenient. I won't buy these again. For me the cost savings isn't worth the hassle
Very beautiful, but loses its “stick” so quickly. It's peeling off of my wall after only a week of being up.
They are cheap . Design looks spray painted on . Would not buy again .
It doesn't stack as shown in the picture, and it is incredibly cheap and flimsy. I would not recommend. Returned it.
First, the size is wrong, second the hem is wavy, around a few grommets are rips in curtain. Finally the curtains are different color from the valances.
So much for mildew resistance - first batch of mould arrived within 4 months of use - cleaned it out, and within next 4, another batch of mould grew. Throwing it.
Picture is very deceiving. The compartments are th same side. Stain is more of red. Not very vintage as I thought it would be.
Pain in the butt, not really how I thought it would turn out. It arrived quickly and well packaged but I wouldn't recommend.
I am not received by mail.
it's a little small but my daughter loves it.
I ordered the purple version. It came as advertised in color and size. I do not know if it works or not because I cannot get the top unscrewed! I have tried repeatedly, even using a towel to better grip it, and running under hot water. Nothing helps. I have an empty, albeit pretty, soap dispenser.
I got this Neato D7 about 2 months ago, I hate it. I wish i can take my money back. 1- Always get stuck so i have to pick up and put back to the base. 2- Don't clean well under the table. 3- The battery is having some issue so i have to wait until Neato send me another replacement.
Not a very good quality- mediocre at best.
Received and it had a bad spot on the inside on the black. Threads not cut and zipper not easy. Too high for low quality.
Tiles are much darker than pictured and half of them are solid colors....not what I expected. Most tiles are also full tiles...I will have to break them to use in my mosaics.
After placing 200 pictures in the album the paper binding holding the spine tore. These are not made sturdy enough to hold 300 pictures as advertised. Do you have a better made album? I don't feel like taking out 200 pictures to return it.
The Magic Tracks Mega Set was not properly packaged. The box was ripped and not very well wrapped and taped. Our grand kids had no problem assembling the tracks. However to our dismay, the two cars that came with the tracks did not last very long. The back wheels came off of both cars. We tried to glue them back on the cars, it lasted for a little while, then they broke again. Needless to say, everyone was very disappointed. Thank you for taking care of this problem for us. I did contact that company by email, as of now I have not heard from them.
Do not absorb water well
The coating has nicks and scratches. I didn't have enough free time to send it back.
Wipes work well. Fit on a Swifter? Just barely. Dispensing from container method?...stinks. Ease of opening? Forget it. If the dispensing method was better ala Murphy Wipes I would buy this again. I will use what I have but will not repeat this purchase.
there good for the price.
This heater worked great for a week. I loved that it distributed heat through out as it has a rotating feature however, it stopped working after a week.
Very difficult to assemble
started rusting within two months. very unhappy.
My husband loves the Hilton Hotel's pillows, so I tried to replicate for home. Unfortunately, these are HARD AS ROCKS and hurt his neck. Put them in the guest room..... so now what?
Came with these weird marks along seam. Not very soft. It says super soft, but it feels like the cheap sheets from Walmart. Got 2 stars instead of 1 because the zipper is very smooth.
2nd open out of pack....tip flies out!!! Not happy!!! Can't return because I need to use these asap. The ones that keep their tips work well, at least for 1st use.
The machine worked great! I liked how it was able to get right up against the walls and left the floors very clean. The one issue is after one month of use the plastic gears gave out on the rollers and the machine quit working. They are sending me a new unit to replace it so we will see if that lasts or not.
So much light comes in through these curtains. They are more decorative than blackout.
The first couple nights that I slept on this, it was comfortable but after that the form of my body seemed to be permanent in the foam. I'm still having my terrible neck pain and low back pain, I could very well have something more serious going on though so not blaming it on the foam. I let this set out for actually over 48 hours before I placed it on my bed and it never seemed to get to the 2 inches that the description said. I probably would not buy this again. Glad I tried it though for the price.
A bit disappointed. After reading the reviews I really thought this would be better than it is. It leaves behind a ton of mess and can't seem to get around objects easily.
I'm giving this caddie style points only--it looks great, but won't hold onto the side of the sink. I even set it on the counter and suctioned it to the backsplash, but that heavy, heavy dish cloth pulled it loose in about 20 minutes. I guess I'll have to go back to the caddie I got at the Dollar Tree---not as "pretty", but it stays put and is useful.
I use this for my daughter's clothes. She's 3, so her clothes aren't big or heavy. We live in CA, so no heavy winter gear or jackets, just short sleeve regular t shirts and shorts, but somehow one of the seams of the boxes ripped. Look at other reviews, this is a common problem.
The ear hole could be bigger and I needed more support. Plus the whole pillow is polyester on the outside, it was too hot. Had a sleepless night, ended up returning.
While removing the nozzle for cleaning after the second usage, the nozzle snapped off at the threads. My jaw literally dropped at how easily this thing broke, and to be clear, this was with paranoid-level gentle usage. The nozzle is no longer usable and to make matters worse, the threads are bent and stuck inside the tip of the main body of the airbrush so I can't even continue using it with another nozzle. This airbrush has been rendered useless to me unless I can find a precision tool to extract the broken threads. I'm giving this two stars because at the time of this writing, the air compressor is still working fine.
For the short time it actually stayed stuck to the lid it, it didn't eliminate any smells. The lemon scent is definitely strong (reason why it gets 2 stars instead of 1), but it just mixes with garbage smell. One only last a day and the other maybe 3 days.
Couldn't figure out how to even get it started...bad nearly non existent directions
There were no packages of hex tubes as described. Came in two 100 bulk pack Missing 40 sticks. Disappointing misleading
Well it's mice but a bit dissapointed because two candle we're broken- it was not securely packed - 🤦‍♀️
There is glue on the large one and it's chipped and the colors differ from the big and small...these are so pretty and perfect for what I wanted so I'm really bummed..
Maybe I missed the fact that they're 'seconds' but there are 2 small white spots in the navy print on the mitered sheets right in the center.
I didn't really like these discs, the plastic is really thin, and the color looks cheap in my opinion. Also, they are too big for my needs.
It says the rug is black and white and its more creamy yellow then white..
Unlike other mirrors of this sort I've bought, this particular one had no protective film. As a result, its reflective surface was already dulled. Worse still, the upper portion of the mirror is warped, giving part of your head a fun-house effect while you're trying to shave!
Disappointed. Super thin. The threads were loose. Some of the interior ties were shredded. It was completely packaged so it wasn't a return. Just bad quality. Back it goes.
Doesn't cool Very well. I have it on the coolest setting possible and it's just okay. Takes up a lot of room and like other reviews am disappointed with the length of the power cord. I keep researching ways to make it cool better and it looks as if it's just the way it is ☹️
I bought the morning garden print assuming it would have the dragonfly in the print and it did not. I was disappointed because I bought it specifically for the dragonfly but it is still really cute and I plan on keeping it.
The ornament is oddly shaped, really flat and flimsy.
Too soft to do much of anything
3 each in the package were badly entangled within themselves. Had to cut strands from each of them to separate them.
bought these for my kids bicycle helmet. bunch of random brand logos and garbage. they're ok.
I ordered two of these. One came with without the lid. Reason why am rating it so low. Besides that great product. We had to order another one; so hopefully I'll get the lid.
Pretty cool poster if you're in 9th grade. At least it covers up the dullness. Was in great condition upon arrival.
Product only lasted about 6 months. Ordered in Dec of 2017. Had to order new in May of 2018. Maybe new one will last longer?Just starts making loud noise like it is bouncing. Bearings must not be very good in these rollers.
Shirts were decent to make on this machine, I have 3 years of previous experience with heat press machines and making t shirts so I was able to get the items going pretty quickly. As for assemble my guys put the machine together they said it was a little tricky and everything is wobbly, I get that it could be because you are moving different parts of equipment around on the machine. My business pet peeve and point of purchase for this machine was the fact that we could do hats which is what I was interested in but the hats do not line up with the machine, I would need to purchase and professional hat heat press to get what I would desire. Tried it out and it didn't work. Had it worked I probably wouldn't have left a review but at this point I don't want someone to purchase and they might have an order that they would need to fulfill on hats because they would be in a world of stress
The pillow cases look and feel cheap. Nothing like the pictures.
The product arrived in one day but the quality is lacking. Shoddy stitching between the zipper and the damask. Mine arrived with a hole. The zipper broke on one of the platter storage containers. I would not recommend this product.
Received this product in the mail rather quickly, and although it seems sturdy, it arrived bent. I tried to straighten it out, but it won't let me. Immediately after receiving the item I had to go out of the country for a month for a business trip, and won't be able to return the item in time, therefore i'm cutting my loses. I would love to say this is a great product because it is cute and larger than expected, providing plenty of room, but the fact that I can't return it makes me a little salty.
The flimsy nature of the thin plastic materials and paper-like back make this unusable as a locking cabinet. You could take a bigger knife and get in. Misleading.
I would like to return these item Is to dark . please send me instruction
The back portion of this item fell off while I was wrapping it for Christmas. I had to glue it back on.
I am no impressed at all--specifically the quality and there is no purpose of that paper backing--I sort of thought that you would be able to set the dial for a 2-minute timer, vs 3-minute timer. The turning/pivoting of the timer is also not smooth.
I ordered it with the intention of a feather down blanket and received a polyester filled comforter not a feather down blanket
The boxes are great but came missing one lid!
If you think it will stay up as in picture it will not unless you hold top
Worn once, then washed and now a huge whole in the inseam. Cute pjs and very warm, but seem to be cheaply made.
after first wash the sheets got the little round ball all over them very pretty but not comfy at all don't buy to use only look at
They do not last very long 😏
Cheap quality! I was disappointed!
So so something you hit them come out part
Love this, buying another because I have so much jewelry. I have hung it using one small nail for over a year and now I am using a command hook in my bedroom. Has been on the command hook for 1 week and I have it FULL and it's super heavy. Would definitely recommend this, lovely addition to the room to display all your jewelry. EDIT: received my second holder and it is not made out of the same material and was broken when I received it. Not good quality material. I guess they changed a lot since the first time I ordered. Will be looking for a new holder.
The one I ordered kept getting stuck, and pieces of materials were being caught up also
I was expecting a thicker blanket. Wasn't very comfortable and the weight was not distributed evenly.
One was broken:( if be happy to give a 5🌟 if I can switch out with one that isn't broken
Would have been perfect if it didn't arrive broken.
I'm annoyed, because I had once purchased these cards a few years back, and I had loved them but I finally ran out and so I went through my amazon order history to find the same product again and bought it. I received them, and they look totally different than they used to. They used to have a nice natural brown, fibrous look to them, now they're more of a terra-cotta color, which is not what I wanted at all. And while this is also my fault, I'm irritated that I paid $17 for these when there's apparently a listing for the exact same thing that's about $4 cheaper.
Even with fresh, good batteries, the lid only works for a day. The power cord is really a requirement, which is probably why it costs about $20. The manufacturer should just be honest and include the power cord in the cost of the trash can.
Unfortunately this didn't work for overnight accidents. It went right through the mattress protector. It is easy to wash and dry but unfortunately doesn't keep the bed protected from accidents.
Bars are slippery so the shoes fall off.
Really watery. Runs out quickly.
This is too low/thin to prop up your ankles. It doesn't help. Now it is between my head pillow and my headboard. It makes a pretty good gap filler.
Works good but no flap for pockets. Can't put anything in there without it getting wet. Doesn't make sense to have pockets.
This worked nicely until it stopped working 6 weeks after I purchased it... about two weeks after the return window with Amazon ended.
Arm isn't long enough... Doesn't allow the door to open fully.
I ordered these to make wedding favors and each box was missing a cork...some one can't count.
Easy to assemble but it cannot be adjusted up or down only oscillating
Two of the lids, tore along the circular seam at the centre, on first use. the smaller ones seemed more durable. Won't be buying this again
Material is nice but zippers stick. Put dance recital, competition costumes in them and they work ok. Only thing I don't like is that the bottom pockets don't have any kind of closure!
The soft, non-metal, parts of scissors have picked up a fragrance. Despite washing, soaking in vinegar, scrubbing w/alcohol, & airing in sunshine, fragrance is still there.
It's cheap. Don't buy it. I opened it up and closed it right back up and placed it in the box to ship back. I wish I took pictures. Sorry! I ordered a different brand. I hope that's better.
First set missing pillow cases. Never received exchange
It doesnt fit snug at all, but maybe thats because it did come directions on how to out it on.
Very thin for a blanket, sheds constantly even after washing a couple times. Not great quality.
I ordered these exact pillows, but I got something entirely different. The pillows I got were as square as the glass on your oven door!! They were not bed pillows at all, I have no idea where you would find a cover to fit it and it was fairly flat....they got returned that same day.
Do not use this for small fonts does not stick to backing sheet and comes off when you weed your design. Good for large fonts or designs. I will not order this again. I will stick with Oracle 651.
Bought for my teenage son for a bedroom redo. It's barely bigger than his baby blanket! Pay attention to the measurements! He has a queen bed and it looks ridiculous. I'll have to purchase another one that's actually made for a bed. And not just to cover your legs....
I washed the sheets 2 times and now they have little rough balls on them. I do not reccomend these sheets.
After 5 months of light use, the battery will no longer hold a charge. It is now a useless piece of junk. Very disappointing since I have a B&D rechargeable drill that has been going strong for 2 years. Don't buy!
It is only sturdy if the bottom portion is turned upside down (leaving no room for an additional place to store jewelry). If not upside down then it is completely unsteady when trying to follow the set up as advertised in this pictures.
poor quality plastic. I used it over the shower for towels, etc. Broke within one day.
not as advertised. It is not a floating shelf. Came with white brackets that are very visible since it is against the wood and whatever color your walls are. Tried to find a place that it would be inconspicuous but was not successful.
The picture of the item shows three distinctly different eggs. However, two that I have received are painted exactly the same.
The color is beautiful, unfortunately when I washed the set of pillow cases before using them one seam on a pillow case ripped 8 inches.
20 pack but missing 6 of the lids so 6 of the containers are useless...
Did not have that great of suction and slipped every time got in the shower
NOT dark maroon this is a very odd color. it's like you mixed hot pink in a tub of maroon paint and let it sit there for few hours and then dipped the sheet in there..
I wished I'd read some of the reviews before buying this $13 candle, which my wife was quick to express her disapproval. If you stick your nose in the candle it has a great scent but after lighting - absolutely nothing. What a waste. The container is cool looking.
Not as good of quality as they used to be. Beveled for use with drawing lines but near the apex of the triangle the line is not true. For the 5 bucks I'll not return them but am disappointed. I dug out other triangles I had bought from Alvin and the old ones were made in USA, the new ones I am not happy with made in INDIA.
Not well made and not good suction.
Not totally please. Doesn't look "full" from the distance. Presently, still hanging in my window
Much more flimsy than I expected.
This fan was great when we received it. It worked perfectly in our small conference room. However, two months later, it started making a terrible sound and stopped blowing air. It started to smell like it was burning. Conveniently, the return window closed a month before it broke... only had one month to return it! I would not recommend this product!!
The fulfillment center shipped this with poor packaging. The item was damaged on arrival but usable for this review. I have since returned it in favor of another item. The base while weighted is useful but too narrow to keep any stability. With the right amount of pressure from the side, this thing can start wobbling like a toy clown punching bag. Not a fan of anyone involved with this specific transaction, shipper, seller, manufacturer. Amazon comes through with their return policy though. Worked out okay, but lots of extra waste created from this transaction, and makes me reconsider what items I buy sight unseen, especially through amazon.
Stopped working after about 4 months, which I should have expected for such a low price. When it worked it was silent, at least.
Blades are terrible- you need to change after using on just one belt!
Very nice feel on the top but would not stay in one place because the elastic either made incorrectly or too much fabric around the edges. I will post a picture later.
Look at the picture. It is very thin and in some areas there seems be holes. Not sure how the filter is going to trap and dust. I called Holmes customer service and they said they only warranty filters that are bought from their web site. Bad customer service policy from Holmes. They didn't even care enough about their quality to ask for the serial or product code so the team can investigate. Not buying Holmes any more.
Pillow arrived next day, so that was impressive. But I find it only marginally more comfortable than the $10 Walmart brand medium pillow that I bought before it. It's slightly more comfortable when sleeping on my side, but is too high/thick for sleeping on my back. Also, when I went to change the pillow case after a week, I saw that the pillow covering had ripped at the seam. I've never had any pillow rip on me before. The stuffing isn't coming out yet, but it's still disappointing given the price. I considered returning it but I just couldn't bring myself to return a used pillow.
These sheets are very thin....they are soft but feel very cheap. and wrinkle easily.
the product has been recived with missing parts
Doesn't hold up. Like having nothing at all on mattress. Have had it for 2 months now and no difference. Waste of money.
The size of this blanket is very very small for a king. It does not even reach to middle of mattress, let alone the floor like this picture. Very disappointed in size and quality over all. It has to be returned.
The elephant is cute but the light never worked on it. Poor product for the money.
I like the look of them but the adhesive will not stay and they keep falling off.
Did not fit my kenmore progressive model.
i want return it but already pass the time , doesn,t help at all just give pain under my leg , it,s to thick and after couple hours sit on i have to remove to relieve the pain that it couse.
Cute idea, but maybe take better care of how u ship the package. This was suppose to be a gift. Nobody wants a damaged item
I bought this blanket for my daughter who is obsessed with soft fuzzy stuff and she absolutely loves it
This is in my birdbath in full sun. It does this spurt thing, not a constant flow. I've tried all the fountain heads and it's the same with all of them.
The stars are all falling off. They need to redesign their glue. Not happy with the product at all.
I was looking for something with more support. I even doubled the cushion and I did not see a change at all in the support. I don't think this is a good buy at all. Save your money.
The stars would not float. The material was too heavy for helium. The string material for the stars was broken. I wasn't aware that I was going to have to put every single piece together. Other then time consuming it looked pretty good.
It arrived quickly, but my issue is that it smelled so awful- like something dead- that even after soaking and scrubbing and disinfecting, it STILL stinks! And my freshman in college daughter totally refused it bc it still stinks!!
At first, I loved it and it was great to keep pets out of it. It only lasted just about a month; Very disappointed that I spent this kind of money; The battery compartment got very hot and it burned and busted the batteries. Was unable to open. It should have lasted longer!! Just wish I could have gotten a refund (after the deadline)
Bought two of these last year. One of them had a leak so it was worthless. The good one however was nice, easy to inflate and gives good support.
Received someone else's order after waiting 2 weeks and took 2 more weeks to receive correct one
This product's adhesive solution is flawed. The adhesive is permanent, there's no room for placement errors and once placed, there's no way to remove the adhesive except for gu-gone or a similar product. I used this on my vanity mirror and so far have only been able to remove 4 of the adhesives - if the remover gets on the vanity wood, it will damage it. The product is a great idea in need of redesign. It's unusable now.
I bought this travel pillow specifically because the description stated that It "Stops the head from falling forward". It didn't work for me. If you're not looking for that type of neck support and you want some side support that is soft than this product is ok.
Difficult to fit the backs onto the posts, alot of them split open when trying to fit them into place. The vast majority of the eyes were cracked, chipped, and some had sharp jagged bits on them.
The feathers poke through and are sharp against your scalp
Clock stopped working after 7 months. It just sits on the wall so it should last forever, just change the batteries, but thats not the case. Its cheap enough to just throw away and start over, but in reading other reviews, i am lucky to have got 7 months use out of it.
I was really excited for this order based on reviews. The sheets are insanely soft but horrible stitching. As I was putting the sheets on I could hear the stitching ripping. Not really sure how long these will last.
The quality: Not bad .! For kids activities Yes for Sometimes else *NO*
Lovely colours and very enjoyable. However because of the size the words aren't legible which is quite disappointing - it would have been good to know thus pre-ordering.
This was a gift. Good design, poor manufacturing. The drawer handle is crooked. Glue marks by the mirror. For the money, I expected better.
I could not attach this caddy to the wall it slips al the time
Only used this for 2 weeks when half quit working, very disappointing for a blanket that cost over $100.
It's not easy to use. It slightly twists the strips on the top on 65lb paper which is what I bought these for to cut. The tines are not as sharp as I thought they would be in order to cut the multiple strips easily.
It was really small but the lighting was okay .
It gets hot very quickly. It can get very hot. I could use a lower setting on it. I can only warm up the bed and then must turn it off before I go to sleep, If I leave it on, even on the lowest setting, I wake up being cooked. This might not be a problem in a colder climate. This isn't a big problem after I got use to using it. The plug at the bottom on the bed is a bigger problem. It hurts if you move your feet around and hit it. I put a towel over it, but I keep kicking it off. And then the pain returns.
I like the sheets and there super comfortable however it was hot in my house (ac broke ) so I sweat in my sleep. I immediately washed the sheets when I woke up but they are completely stained. Washed twice still stained so disappointed I wasted money
Don't buy it I cut out some decals for my car and the first day it rained they came off. Also I was using a Cricut machine to cut it and the backing ruined a fourth of my decals because it wouldn't come off the Cricut mat without tearing to shreds. Edit: decals now are sticking outside the first 4 ft were ruined and not very sticky for some reason.
Had it for two years and the battery charge is only 5 minutes now. Very disappointed.
After unboxing these shelves, I noticed two holes underneath the plastic wrapping that's on the shelves. (see picture) The holes are in the exact same place on both pieces which leads me to believe there's some kind of defect in the manufacturing process. Other than that, they seem pretty sturdy, and came with instructions to install the shelves on the wall.
I can't tell which way to put them in. On the basis that the thicker more folded side points out, the arrows are right. On the basis that the tabs must face out, the arrows are wrong. It seems others have gone with tab out but the filter is definitely thicker and more of a folded appearance on the tabs in side. I hope manufacturer can clarify as the consumer thread seems at odds.
Super cute design, size is as advertised. The pillow is very firm and the fabric is very cheap. I guess an upside is it stain resistant. Definitely not the texture of actual burlap.
Disappointing. While the glass containers seem to be of good quality, the lid does not fit properly, and I only received one. (Two containers, but only one lid.) I'll see if my wife has a use for them lidless, but if not, I will be returning them.
Like how it looks with the lights on, but can't see the face to tell time in low lighting of TV room.
Material is wonderful and duvet is beautiful however the ties that hold the duvet in place have all fallen off which makes this duvet cover basically unusable bc my duvet moves all to one side. Very bummed.
This product cane broke. All the glass was broke.
The Casa Foam Filters are not cut over sized for the hole they go in. They do not fit tight against the sides so they let dirt/dust leak past to the vacuum motor. The Felt Filters are not dense enough. I have gone to get the right filters from another source.
The scissors cut well, but the grip was uncomfortable. The grip cuts into your hand. If the grip were rounded, it would fit your hand better, avoiding this issue.
The material these are made of is not absorbent.
This came and broke apart in the box. Thankfully I have a handyman who was able to get it into working condition. It's not worth the money.
I've never had Egyptian cotton pillow cases that are this rough. Was very disappointed.
I love the poster ...but the scroll itself was broken in multiple areas, and the clips were missing. I had to put it back together before I ever got to hang it up. Kinda disappointed but I still like the poster
These are not as bold yellow as they are pictured. More of a pale yellow-greenish yellow. I was hoping for a school bus or sunshine yellow. Disappointing.
I bought 5 packs that we're suppose to be 720 pieces per pack. It definitely was not. I bought 20 10in flower balls.I put one pin in the middle of each flower. I only finished 8 flower balls using 5 packs. It is not 720 flowers in a 10in flower ball! I took pictures to see how sparkly they were and even with the flash on they were not sparkly at all.
Love the size and the organization. However, the bottom container slides right out of its own. So in a purse or loos.ey packed bag you will find the individual containers all over the place.
Only four stars as only been a week.... we will see on longevity. Update: original battery lasted over two years... this replacement not even 6 months!
It says mildew resistant but the very bottom hem part is not mildew resistant.
to many wrinkles when you unroll
It's not cooling in any way and it is not as comfy as they said it would be. For the price I kept it because I needed a mattress cover.
Nice idea but can't get them to stay on the wall worth a darn. Should be other installation options
Made of cheap plastic and not durable. Bought to use in our bathrooms...the one in the main bath has been replaced twice; both times the pump just stopped working.
Nothing special that I could see. OK crayons, but that's it.
My mirror light broke after two uses. It's cheaply made
While I loved how this vacuum swept/sucked up dirt when we first bought it, it had gradually lost suction over time. Currently has a hole in the hose right where it curves from the handle down toward the canister. We purchased it almost three years ago. Would have liked it to last longer for the price. This is our second shark vacuum that has bit the dust, will go with a different brand next time.
I didn't like this product. I constantly had to readjust the mattress pad. It would not stop bunching up and folding over on itself. This became an annoyance for me.
I received these and opened them to find a tear in the top right corner seam of the fitted sheet about 6 inches in length. Fortunately I was able to sew the seam up and try the sheets out. They seem to be very comfortable so far.
I did an Amazon search for an electric blanket. This was the first item in the search result. I thought it was electric, since that is what I searched on. Will return today since it is not electric..
had to send it back twice. was broken when delivered
I love this clock but I've had numerous problems with it. The first one a peice of the wood was broken off. Now a few months of being on my wall. The clock part broke off then The Who clock face instantly came unglued
We ordered black and got white which is normally not that big of a deal, but this item is a PAIN to haul to the UPS store to return. Not only that, but the corners were chipped and strips of wood were peeled off along the sides. I really wanted this to work, but it is not very good quality.
The thread is great. Trying to find the end of the thread is impossible.
They looked pretty in the pool for a party. Unfortunately when we came to use them approx 30% of the candles didnt work which resulted in the low score
When this arrived, I could smell it before I opened the box. When I opened the box, I discovered the bottle was leaking. Upon further inspection, I saw that the top was never secured on the bottle. Wasted product. Half of the bottle is gone and I haven't used it yet. The smell is fine. To me it smells like very strong citrus and lavender.
I'm missing a whole candle and my elephant is broken!!
I actually love this bench but one of the screw holes was stripped out and doesn't hold the screw. I used wood glue and so far it's holding. I hope this bench holds up for a while because I really do love it!
These will stretch out your boots, especially if they're real leather. Ruined two of my leather riding boots because they stretched out the leg and ankle area.
Smells good but wax bleeds through the concrete during burning.
The heat transfer came off once shirt was washed!
This is a sturdy product and looks really nice. However, its too small to catch all the long stick ashes (unless you get the positioning just right... which is a process I'm really not interested in mastering, but am now forced to. It will not defeat me!)
Unfortunately, the quality of this Ivy garland was not good. Leaf spacing too far apart, poor quality and the material had a very bad odor . I returned it.
Difficult to push across carpet, heavy feel and lots of friction. This may be part of the suction process though. Power switch way too far down on device, lots of bending right over to reach it. Cable connects to the vacuum right where you step when using this, so you are perpetually stepping on the cable and stopping the vacuum. Some poor designing has let this Vacuum down and would have probably been a 4 star in my opinion.
Love how they're collapsible, but mine already have holes in them.
I tried the pillow on a table without a cutout area. The pillow did not hold my face far enough away from the table, and I felt like I was smothering. It probably would be great with a cutout space in the table. It is soft enough to be comfortable under the weight of the head.
Arrived yesterday. Pros: quick delivery, very soft, color accurate to picture. Cons: small ( I got the Cali king and it barely fits the corners and is pulling up on all sides), looks very cheap and the corners are made pointy? Like not rounded with the mattress so that they seem awkward.
The dimensions of the product are really important to get accurate because if you don't, air simply slip around the carbon filter and then you don't really get the filtration that you expect. These carbon filters are smaller than my filtration unit. I will try to find others
Poor quality, and I failed to read other reviews and questions or I would have known it does NOT come with a standing easel. It's a hang only frame. I could return it for an $8 credit after paying return shipping. Lesson learned - read the FINE print.
Ok, well standing on these feels nice, they are thick enough to not just feel like a towel on the floor. However! The craftsmanship on these is garbage. I got white which is a true white....besides the random blue and gold threads that were weaved in?! Literally like as this was being manufactured a single blue thread and a single gold thread fell in and just got weaved into the material. I managed to cut them out so that was good but really the least of my worries because one of mine also has a giant bare spot and a ton of snags. Two stars only because if it weren't so sloppily made it would be actually nice.
Purchased this and upon opening from the vacuum packaging it was damp and not white at all. It has a yellow tint to it. Kind of upset. Also, not really fluffy like it's kinda cheaper out on the filling. My cheap 50 dollar comforter was softer and filled more. Very disappointed.
I might be missing something but excluding one of the blades, none really cut anything. disappointing. The bonus anti-cut gloves are cool but that's pretty much it.
Why are the grommets not equally spaced????
I really liked the pictures but two of them had very lose canvas , my husband had to fix them .plus they smelled the paintings had a weird smell I'm hoping will go away in time.
The design of the frame matches my bathroom fixtures details but the site did not state it had NO wall mounting ability (I wanted to hang it on the wall in my bathroom). Otherwise the frame is nice.
The mess,but really throws me off. Otherwise it's great
Very small and not very interesting looking. Should buy this stuff in person.
I was surprised at how awful these were. They came with loose strings everywhere for starters & no matter how many times I washed them I could not get them to stop shedding, so every time I washed my face I would end up with lint all over 🤨. If you want these as face towels I'd give these a hard pass for sure!!
Very good looking clock. Rated 2 stars due to clock not working. After placing new battery in clock the second hand stopped running after 30 seconds. Gave the glass a couple taps which made the second hand turn but stopped again.
Cute but The latch and lock were rusted could barely use it . If I knew how to return it I would
Worked well at first, not yet 2 years old and has a horrible rattle.
I bought these as a temporary fix for my stove backsplash area while I was deciding if I wanted to do a real tile backsplash. They're fine for what they are, but it definitely looks like fake sticker tile, it would be totally tacky as a permanent backsplash. I see all the home improvement blogs recommending these fake sticker tiles as an alternative to a real backsplash, and it just doesn't look all that good IRL. They were extremely easy to apply, however.
These towels are bright and look great in the kitchen but are too thin to do much drying. OK for hands not dishes.
these are actually very small size - perhaps suitable for mounting in jewelry. other stones sold as small are many times larger.
This product is ok if you are hanging very lightweight curtains. Like sheers. I was hoping that they would be more durable.
My husband and I wanted curtain tie-backs without putting holes in the wall. These have been great to use on a daily basis since we bought them less than 3 months ago, until I saw this morning that one of the "balls" is literally hanging by a thread. Pretty disappointed at the level of durability.
The projection is very small, you can barely see it..
Not sure is it refurbished, I open today it's very dirty inside the product, and a little bit yellow crack inside
The product works good, the only reason why I am giving 2 Stars is because the description said it had a couple of scratches on it, which would of been fine but when I received it the top of this was completely broken off and warped, the remote control was missing and the packaging was pure shit, there was no bubble wrap or foam to protect the product from it moving around It was just thrown in the box with a couple of pieces of brown tissue paper.
I was excited about this product when it came... wider top, looked strong. But now less than a year later - the board - made of plastic is starting to break. Apparently it cannot take the heat. What a joke and super disappointed with this product. Can manufacturers make anything that last now days? I will be looking for a metal top next time around. What a waste... save your money and buy a better product.
REF: Yankee Candle Autumn Wreath; The 2nd order candle was broken when arrived. The 1st candle was melted Both times candles were melted. Candles might have been stored a long time in the delivery truck? Candle was secured with egg shell covers, but it still broke and melted.
The wood splintered and snagged the yarn. Not good quality.
I have no idea how well this would hold up or ease of cleaning. It was uncomfortable to stand on & the suction cups did not to anchor to my tile shower floors I only used it once.
The California king is not true size very disappointed
Stiff as wet paper that has dried. Washed them twice but it'll take many more washes for them to soften up. Tight weave so they should resist dust mites.
Not as thick or plush as pictures and description let you believe.
** edit to original review** I was contacted almost immediately after complaint that the liners ripped and was sent two new ones. So far they haven't ripped. We'll see if they stand the test of time! Loved this product for the first month. Look, size and function was great! Unfortunately, after a few uses, the bottom of the insert liner has already ripped at the bottom of the bag. My undies ended up on the street transferring from my car back to my apartment! [Silver]lining.. at least there are two liners?
Don't really function very well. Won't buy again.
Purchased to deodorize a car. Following directions, did not run ozone generator for more than twenty minutes per session. Ran about 15 sessions, and then the unit ran out of ozone production. I was expecting much more ozone.
Seams came apart after 1 time of using item
These pillows would be best used for shams. They are so soft that they have no support. My 11 year old grandson said he liked the pillow but after sleeping on it a few times he went back to the pillow he had before.
Even with looking at reviews I took a chance and I wish I hadn't. A project that should've taken me 1-2 hrs took me 4 hrs. The vinyl didn't want to go on correctly. It was a mess and I haven't had trouble with other vinyls before now. Very disappointed!
Mine did not come with the holder to attach to the tree. Picture is misleading.
U get a lot for what your paying but they aren't sharp at all
These covers are okay. I put a euro insert in these covers, it didn't fill out the corners and since the covers don't zip (they just flap over itself) it looked bloated and awkward. I tried to like them for a week but ended up returning. I suggest buying a cover that zips.
It's not remotely thick enough in the middle to actually support anything. If the middle was as thick as the outside part then it would be much better. Not going to use this anymore unless I have no other options.
Wrinkles a lot, and while the corners stay tight if you toss and turn it gets baggy and moves in the middle and stains/fades incredibly easy. I've had them 2 months and cared for them properly yet already have faded areas.
Latest us a few months and was good in the beginning . Very uncomfortable to hold clothes in to walk a distance. Also ripped while I was holding clothes in it and all of my fresh clean clothes were in a puddle. I was heart broken. Will not buy again
These came quickly and were packaged nicely. I gave them as Christmas gifts. My kids love them, but they do not hold air as long as I thought they would. They deflate after 1/2 hour of use, and need to be filled constantly. We use out air purifier on high to fill them, and they fill and close great (after a little practice). They just don't hold the air.
good tablecloth for outside patio table,too many wrinkles in it for kitchen table.
Two boxes arrived severely broken. Had to return them
I will not give this any stars above 1. This is pretty but how do you have blue visible thread on the yellow material right in the middle of the comforter? And it's a pattern every 12” apart!!!!
I would be in love with this blanket but it's puts lint on everything even though I washed it correctly!
Very hard to open latches to get to the blade to clean it.
The base of the holder/stand is weighted nicely. It's very easy to change out the roll as the handle can just be pulled out. The issue with the holder is with the two rods that screw together. When the rods that form the post were screwed together, the entire post looked and essentially was bent at the point where they came together. The screw was then stuck and wouldn't/couldn't unscrew but came apart. Personally, I feel if the posts were not as thin as they are (possibly double in thickness) more substantial hardware could be used and would keep the pieces stable which would make the entire stand more solid. In addition, if the rods were more substantial, the rolls of tissue wouldn't shift on each other like tectonic plates on top of each other.
. would not purcase again
The lights go dim really fast. They were only bright for a month.
Very Pretty. Nice colors but hard to assemble and doesn't hold its shape well. Also, not very durable. Can't hold many treats. It begins to fall apart spilling treats.
This bag serves a one time use purpose. Very flimsy and not thick enough for insulation. It's not worth the cost since it should be longer term for this price point.
Top piece is bent! Not fitting!
I bought this product to stick onto the wall of my dorm room near my bed, and I put about 20 of them up and my the time I finished they had all fallen off. I even cleaned the wall off before hand and applied pressure to them but they didn't stay...
Not the greatest quality. Scents aren't great either. Not sure what to do with the white marker... I should have realized that before I purchased it.
OK, the pillow is well made, and firm. I would have given 3 stars, except for the Fact that my purchase was influenced by the high ratings. I have a bad neck, and need soft support. The pillow is mostly feathers, so it has plenty of firm support, if that is what you like. The pillow should not be advertised as goose down, unless it is mostly down. It is not.
It didn't really work at eliminating oders
I bought these for my centerpieces for my wedding. I followed the directions but for some reason they de solved and it looked empty I ended up putting water in my vases and some of my beads lasted but very few. I ordered 2 packs of them
I should have read the reviews on this product. The color is beautiful but the thread breaks easily. Not a good choice for machine quilting.
I busting this down from 5 stars to 2. After checking out several reviews, I chose this machine and could not have been happier. It's easy to thread and wind bobbins, the buttonhole attachment is super, and the variety of stitches is fantastic. I also like the detachable table feature, even though the throat is a little too large. I thought that it was well worth the money, until, at 4 months old and very light use, the motor just locked up! I took it apart, cleaned it, and then called Brother customer service. The operator had me do all the maintenance steps, and then gave me the number of a local dealer. I had to bring it in and leave it with them for repair. Luckily it's still under warranty, but now I'm wondering just how reliable the machine will be after repairs. So much for my Spring Break projects!
Battery life is absolute crap!! Doesn't last!!! I feel like it's always on the charger versus on my dog! Also, the collar shuts itself off so everytime you press the remote its not working. So you then have to turn it back on. I am not satisfied with this. The price was decent but for all the issues it's not worth it!
Quality isn't that great.
So I wanted to give these pillows a chance, and we did for about a month. Fresh out of the packaging they seemed to be just what I was looking for, although they didn't fluff up as much as was hoping. The first couple nights sleeping was okay, not the best kind of okay but just okay. Then after the first week my husbands pillow started to become misshapen and lumpy. I tried and tried to fluff it back in to pillow shape and it wouldn't happen. It continued to get more lumpy and the lumps were getting bigger and harder to manipulate. He had neck surgery a few years ago and it was causing him pain so we reverted back to his old pillow. The pillow I was using lost all of its loft after the third week, laying my head down it went straight to the mattress. I would not buy or recommend these pillows to anyone, not even to hold your shams.
The tabs on the side to hold your glasses broke off..... The one I had before that lasted for years.... Not this one
I actually LOVE this item! However, I have purchased 3 of them and 2 have broken (the top of diffuser becomes separated from the bottom portion). After the first 1, I thought well maybe I moved the car vent and it was too much pressure and that is what was the problem. Well, unfortunately, it just happened a 2nd time and I have been extraordinarily careful with the item (sometimes so careful it was a pain in my behind to refill it). It works great but it has become disposable and it is not cheap enough to replace after this 3rd one breaks!
These are printed and very faded. It looks like very poor quality and the color is not bright white. It's more dingy yellow.
It is a soft pillow...good quality material. But my newborn doesn't like it at all...she flips to one side after I make her sleep in it. I use it seldom when she is wide awake.
came with several broken pieces therefore the legs will wobble, still function but quality is poor
Color was not grey...more of a light blue. Material was noisy and the size was small for a king.
The latch was broken on one of the boxes before I used it. So be very gentle with the latch.
These are cute sconces but I had to return them because one of the holder plates was bent and hanging at an angle, and also had two scuff marks on the front. The sconces are light weight, and the plates can fold up for easy storage. However, they do feel kind of cheap because they are so light weight, and the plates don't seem very sturdy. They look like the picture shown, and after reading their measurements I measured them on my wall. I have an area of wall space I wanted to hang these but once I received them and held them up to it, they seemed a bit small. If they wouldn't have had any defects I probably would've kept them and made it work, but unfortunately I had to make a return. ***If helpful, please click 'Helpful'*** :)
Works just fine but a separate HEPA filter should be offered. The activated charcoal is washable but the HEPA filter is not. To get a replacement for it, one has to also buy the charcoal thus running up the cost.
It was worked fine for about two uses, then the corkscrew just snapped off...
I love the look and feel of these dishcloths. If your using them only as kitchen decor they're great BUT sadly when using them to dry dishes or glasses, they don't absorb the water AT ALL!
These are very flimsy. You can bend them with your fingers. I like the fact that there are different sizes. But they are just not strong enough for what I need them for.
Cute however looking at pictures I thought they would be bigger. My fault I should have read reviews and product info. However I also think that an additional photo could be included instead of 5 different ones that do not reflect actual size.
Flimsy! All the chain links keep coming undone. Going to have to tighten each link with needle nose pliers before I can even hang it up.
Since I didn't come with any instructions, and I also read that five coins doesn't mean anything good at all, which this has five coins...So I ended up having to throw it away.
Was good until i found lots of mold and i washed and didn't help.
I thought they would be a little higher quality, they work ok but I wouldn't purchase them again.
It's nearly impossible to get the spout out without destroying it. In fact, I broke several while trying to fill the bottles.
Print on this was not good. It was very irregular
Good quality but don't all wrong
I like the pillow it's cute. But they sent it in a dirty package and the pillow is stained :/ I would buy it but from a different company!
This is a very soft and comfortable blanket. We purchased it in Oct and by the end of December, the edge was already unraveling. Luckily, we have a sewing machine and were able to sew the edging back on. I would give it one star since it didn't hold up, but it is super soft.
This item is very poor quality. It is very thin, and the fur is matted together.
My son stuck it on his door and took it off and it wasn't sticky anymore so he tried to keep using it and it just fell down. Not worth the money. Lasted about 10 minutes
Worked well for a day but the bathroom got hot and it began to peel off the wall.
Cheap frames. Really not worth the money.
Squegee works well. The hook is a disaster.
This vinyl is a joke. First, it doesn't even feel like vinyl...more like plastic. I ironed my shirt several times and vinyl is still hard, not ingrained into the fabric. I doubt the vinyl will last more than a few washes. Second, when my machine cut it, it didn't even cut right. The vinyl was already ruined before I ironed it on. Not buying this vinyl again, and i will probably use the remaining vinyl for items that won't be washed or handled regularly - like indoor wall signs or canvas bags. Let's hope it works out better than the t-shirt.
Ok but they don't stay in place. Should've bought ones w/ suction cup.
This works and feels like duct tape .. I guess it does a temporary job, but it can't be in a noticeable spot or it should be used very temporary
These fell off and won't get bright
These pillow cases are 1. Extremely shiny - the photos don't do them justice, think Prince's bedroom, a 90's porno, maybe even both at the same time 2. Not great if you are hot at all they become sticky and generally feel gross 3. If you are I deed hot, put on lotion, or look at them the wrong way they stain and will need to be washed
Didn't suck enough. Returned it for a dyson that really sucks!
Not sure if we like this or not, came in today and its as if the 20 sheets are fused together...tried to take the white off and cause a small bubble on the edge. Will see how well it works. Will update later.
The handle in one of them came broken.
The stickers came off instantly. Many bags were tearing during the party. Not durable or well made.
Product was very hard to assemble. Directions were not that clear.
very cheap junk. Warps EASILY. Plastic is too pliable and soft for it's role.
A lot smaller then I thought and the bottom is all frayed and curly, just disappointing.
Didn't look anything like the picture , wasn't full, not worth the money
It's cute but the longest time option you have to run it is 3hrs. It's lists 4hrs on the discription but that's not correct.
Instructions are not clear. Top tube tends to go to a side and rack looks very crooked. White balls at the end of hangers fall out as they are not secured by anything. Careful with cylinder part with holes because it has spikes on the inner part of it and poked my fingers.
nice set although all pieces were not there.
Not worth the money.
The angel wings rusted the day after i wore it and cleaned it
Not happy with them. Bark is blotchy and bulky in places and none in others with I could deal with but the placement of the holes in the larger discs is ridiculous.
My tape runner was Not new like it was suppose to be. It was not in the original package it was just in a mailing package. My handle is scratched up and dirty. The tale was already used
It is worthless as far as fragrant, nice glass that's it and overpriced
Several reviews have mentioned how the rubber/silicone area that you press to dispense the soap will eventually crack. This is on purpose so you will buy more. I know this because I contacted OXO the first time it happened to see if I could buy a replacement part, but they don't make them - however they easily could. I understand companies need to make money, and anyone is free to buy these if they like them. Personally, I really like them, but am not interested in sending one to the landfill 1-2 times a year or supporting a company that intentionally creates products that have to be thrown out sooner than needed. My office has had the same cheap scrubber that dispenses soap for going on 5 years now, so I've switched to that at home.
I really wanted to love this duvet cover, it looks beautiful in the photos. It looks beautiful on my bed if I dont look too close. Unfortunately the material is very thin and super wrinkly. I also washed it before I put it on my bed and 4 of the buttons came off. Looks beautiful, just poor quality overall.
No not silk they are plastic. I purchased silk branches for $1 each. They cost less money and look better.
These bags are good if you want to use space savers for you house... they are way too big for suit case and traveling. I order medium and smalls... the mediums are way too big the smalls are too big for carry ons. they would work for check in bags..... there needs to be smaller size ....
was loosing feathers from the very first day.
A white duvet cover with a black zipper? Who thought that was a good idea. A black zipper? Really? But for that, it's fine.
Unable to assemble because there were only 6 of the 8 screws needed. Really disappointed especially since I was patient when my order was delivered on the date promised (prime shipping) and I wasn't even notified of the delay....looks like it would be a nice clothing rack had I been able to put it together.
This was just a temp solution to a storage issue. WE plan to replace with a home built system that will better meet our needs. The shirts hit the floor when hanging from the bottom pole. the person using it is 6'3 so if you are 5'10 or under it will probably work much better.
Welp. The pictures and description are decieving. I thought i was getting the entire chair for that price. Oh well. Lol
Sent me the wrong picture, I got the spa scene one and gave it away, will not be buying pictures from you. It's really bad when they get the order wrong with no return address
I'm a side sleeper and this definitely was not for me. I have to sleep with my shoulders on it to feel properly supported. I ended buying another pillow because this one didn't do the job
The size of the lettering was great but I may not have read the description thoroughly. This is not a wall decal that you rub on in one piece like many of the other ones I have purchased. These are individual stickers that I had to peel off and line up one by one. As careful and precise as I tried to be, it just does not look like the picture because the flexible and stretchable letters are almost impossible to line up perfectly.
Cheap printer copy. Daughter will like it, but still bad scan and print.
Did not care for installing procedures!
The plastic is too stiff and is too narrow even for a small shower stall. Kept but would not reorder.
The heat works well but the fan doesn't do much of anything. I was replacing one that broke after several years and the previous one did a much better job of being a dual appliance.
The paper thin metal back plate that is screwed with tiny screws fell apart. That is what hangs it to the wall. It came apart, fell to the floor and the fall broke pieces of the bears.
Slow compared to previous battery powered inflators I have bought. Returning
My girls had fun making these but they ended up throwing them all away because they made their skin super SLIMEY when they took a bath with them .
Already falling apart, cheaply made, would not recomend.
These chair pads don't dry in a humid environment if they get wet. I was trying to be very conscious of putting them away when not in use but they are still moldy after one week. I left my old cushions out 24/7 for 2 years in the same place and they never got moldy and always dried right away. I'm afraid this purchase was a complete waste because I am too lazy to pack them up to return.
Its no better than any other fifteen bucks foam cutters on Amazon. The wattage is inadequate for cutting open cell foam effectively. It requires you move the blade rod in jigsaw motion because the cutter struggle to melt the foam. The result is a jagged edge like it was chew by a squirrel. It maybe good for some engraving work or very thin foam. But don't buy this if you are looking to get a smooth cut on any decent sized foam such those used in gun case.
Colors were not as bright as pictured.
More greenish than grey.
I ordered the pink (type 2) holder and they gave me hot pink pearls instead of white. It works out because some of the other items in my room are hot pink, but I truly wanted the pink to white contrast. Besides that this item is directly as pictured.
Came all crushed and there was hardly any in the bad. It has a sweeter smell than the amber I bought in resin blocks in Morocco...it doesn't smell near as natural and it does not look anything like the picture in shape or volume.
Very thin...especially the sheet that goes on mattress...I do not think they will last
We love this product, but we were shipped the bottle and there was no lid. It's not worth the hassle of returning.
I ordered 2 labeled large and 2 labeled small. The larger ones were more expensive. Today I received all 4 and they're all the same size. Only giving 2 stars because I will be able to use one for my makeup and makeup brushes. And the kids will be able to use theirs. I will not be able to use it as I wanted for a bathroom toiletry bag.
The tail does not look like the picture, smells awful, not happy
As mentioned by others, I stayed in a hotel and the pillows were so comfortable I wrote down all the details from the tag. The "medium" firmness pillows I ordered do not match what I had in the hotel. The hotel pillows were soft and these are anything but soft. I mistakenly removed them from their plastic wrapping so they are nonreturnable. If you order these pillows try them out before unwrapping them.
This travel pillow ripped right in the middle after two uses.
Not as comfortable as I was expecting.
The adjustable sizes weakened the product making it hard to assemble and harder to stay on. Imagine a piece of cardboard 12x12 as a whole and it's strength now put 8 slits in it. How strong is it going to be? Now try folding it. Nice idea in concept but that's it
Lasted maybe a week, now all corners are pulled up and the rug moves constantly. Pretty dissappointed.
I ordered these recently and the moment i touched them I knew the boxes would fall apart as soon as my kids touched them. Right now one of the boxes does not close properly so my kids spill their markers everywhere all the time. I would not recommend this brand at all.
They look pretty but they are not at all durable. Took them on 1 trip where I had to pick them up each day and by the end of the 3 week trip the sides (which seem to by made of cardboard) were crushed. So after 3 weeks all 3 are ready for the garbage. I only had summer clothes in each bin, nothing heavy at all.
Definitely a knock-off Shark product. The picture in the description shows 2 shark pads in shark packaging. What I received was 2 cleaning pads with no packaging whatsoever. The pads do not look or feel like the originals at all, much harder/cheaper feeling material. With that said, the pads do work fine with the shark sonic duo, and clean decently. Not sure how long they will last with the obviously cheaper materials used in their construction. Amazon needs to crack down on sellers sending out knock-off products.
Overpriced and very small skein. Watch the size before you buy
Another seller offering the same exact thing for $100 less. Return shipping wasn't a problem, though I had to pay $16. But, that was my fault for not doing better research before purchasing. FYI, the thing is made in China. Works so far, but I have my doubts that it'll last.
It was amazing and then after 4 uses it stopped working!
They don't absorb the water from your skin.
THE ITEM I RECEIVED WAS NOT THE ITEM I ORDERED. THE ONE I RECEIVED DID NOT HAVE THE CUT OUT DETAIL THAT IS ON THE SIDE AS PICTURED. ALSO, IT WAS BROKEN ON THE SIDE OF THE BOWL. VERY DISAPPOINTING!
the item was fine however the cover for the item was completely torn and missing a corner. I was going to give this to collector as a gift and now am undecided how to proceed.
They are the right size and seemed nice and whatnot, but they rip SUPER easily. If you fill them anywhere near capacity and pull on the handles, the handle will rip off. A garbage bag has more strength. That's not an exaggeration.
Beautiful clock, but it is not 6 months old and it loses time every day. I just changed the battery and it is still off 15 min at end of day.
I liked this mat at first, but after 6 months it's half the thickness that it was and stiff. Barely cools now. I also purchased the Gel-O mat... It's smaller than the penguin but wins out over the long run. Would not buy this again.
Disappointed, the doors don't close. Not all required tools were provided. It would have been nice if they built the doors to shut, leaving them open looks tacky. The parts keep coming apart as well.
The curtains look really thin and cheap. I'm not going to be using them.
One of the straps has already broke, the small outer zipper stitching came apart and the zipper now falls off. It is not very durable at all and it seems all the stitching is coming loose.
We were so excited to receive this, unfortunately I have to return because a fan paddle was missing. The styrofoam was messed up, and some pieces seemed to be packaged oddly. I believe they sent me a returned item, which I would not have minded if it had all of the pieces, which is probably why it was returned in the first place. It's beautiful, we've always wanted one, sitting here now deciding if we will reorder it.
I bought these to replace my old, worn holders for my cast iron pans. These are not of the same quality. They get pretty hot, so I need to find something else. Not a good choice for cast iron pans.
I tried to use this with multiple different eye shadow brands - It just didn't transfer onto my lid the way it's made to look. I applied with brushes and my finger and same result - Will attempt to try different methods, but so far I'm not impressed :(
Only one of the rods worked. The other didn't flare enough to fit the wall piece. Very dissapointed as the first one was great
The c and one of the Fleur de Lis were crooked 2nd attempt for someone to contact me about this.
I have ordered these eye drops before, and they came with a label that was in color, having bright red and other colors. These came in a box that had the colors, but the bottle labels are in black white and gray. And states that the product has been repackaged. The repackaged eye drops are not as thick as my previous eye drops have been. They seem to be 'watered down' if you will. I have severe dry eye, and the previous eye drops helped, These bottles with the gray, white and black labels do not work as well. I am very disappointed with this order of these eye drops.
Nothing to brag about
Perfect size when purchased but continued to shrink with every wash/dry. After about 3 or 4 times washings they are too small to use. Also edging gets seared from heat very quickly. Would rather pay a little more and get ones that last.
The cover gets too hot to touch and is dangerous compared to any other space heater I've had. There is also no on/off switch so you must unplug to turn it off.
Arrived quickly and well packed. However, I ordered glare-free and this was sold as such, but isn't. Sending it back.
scratchy. Not soft at all.
Unless they are already damp they absorb about as well as a brick. They just smear the liquid around instead of absorbing it. They look nice but they just don't work very well.
Runny, and most don't even work. Wasted my hard earned money.
Did not last long on the rug in my living room. I don't see how they are reusable as the ones I got are not rubber material
The color is actually super dull, muted and more like a dark gold versus the bright color in the picture. Also it took 2 weeks to get to me! I tried asking Amazon for help and they asked the seller (2 separate requests) but I never heard back. I ended up not using this because i didnt have enough time to use it for a costume.
They smelled like plastic. Too small.
Was really pleased when I first received . Looked beautiful on the front door. Unfortunately after about a week the paint on the berries was cracking and they turned white. I was really disappointed since there were such great reviews on the product. Will be returning.
These sheets are not as advertised. They are thin, cheaply made and not the quality as suggested. Very disappointed .
Suction is decent but the charge only last 15 min max.
Cute but very cheaply made!
These things are junk. I put them in our fiberglass tub and the first day 2 washed off and within the next week all but two slid off. I follow the instructions to the T clean the bathtub very well and still they don't stick. I have a fiberglass tub with a semi non-slip rough bottom. Does not work on that.
I was disappointed that the picture that arrived was much darker and the details didn't stand out as much as they did online.
The shrink wrap worked ok - not as well as some others I've used in the past - left crinkles that wouldn't be smoothed no matter what we tried. Also ordered 2 2 packs and only received one; it was a no return product with no packing slip so very frustrating.
Works great but one screw that holds handle onto the basket continually falls out and has ended up in our food. Emailed company to get replacement screw and have heard nothing back. They say they have a warranty but they don't respond to emails. Removing stars for this fact. Hoping I don't have a bigger problem that needs help cause I will just have to junk the unit since the warranty is really just an email that says you have an warranty.
update, used to shrink a quilt but its been a month since i shrunk it and the seal opened and let all the air in. quality not great
I was disappointed, not worth the price in my opinion.
This is kind of cheap looking and feeling. It's just for a guest bedroom, so it'll do.
I really like the magnet feature. However, the pop socket does not stick well! It fell off the case as I was driving! Luckily I caught my phone. The top part broke off literally less than a day after I got it. NOT HAPPY.
It's cute but can only use it as decoration. The metal is thin and can easily bend. I was hoping to use it to hold my robe. If you want to actually USE it, don't buy it!
Seems like a sturdy shower rod, but mounting hardware (screws, allen wrench, wall anchors) were missing. Just moved into my new house and want to finish up the bathroom so guess a trip to the hardware store is in order unless I want to wait several days to take a shower. Probably should have just bought this at the local hardware store to begin with.
What a waste! Very uncomfortable. Sorry I wasted my money.
Not the material I thought it was. It's fleece
I bought these for drying fruit and had so much trouble with the fruit sticking to the paper, then tearing when I tried to remove them. Skip these and buy the silicone sheets instead.
I'm not happy 3 of the colors have already dried out and they were only used once, I just bought them back in Novemeber
I ordered two. One I love and the other not so much.
We ordered two navy blue striped covers, and neither of them is navy. They are both a shade of royal blue stripe, but do not match each other either. We ordered these to go with some other navy pillows, and these will not work. Unable to return. Disappointed that they aren't navy, which is how they were listed.
Unimpressed with the product. I thought it would look nicer in person but no. It does its job but I could have done better. Will keep it until I find something else. It'll do. It's not horrible. Just not for me. Another person may feel differently.
The frames LOOK nice which is the main thing in my opinion. But the material is cheap and since the packaging is nonexistent (my frames came individually wrapped in light plastic and stuck into a tight flimsy box with no bubble wrap or paper, so I had a broken frame. Which it happens but now I'm wasting printer ink and packaging and waiting another several days. Just a hassle.
I was really excited about getting this item but once received I was a little disappointed, for the price I thought the material was going to be a lot better. The material is thin and not cloth like material.
Truly awful feeling pillow cases. Returned immediately. No amount of washing would ever make them feel anything other than a tarp! They did seem durable, so if you don't need comfort then this would be great.
Too small. Expensive.
They are cute but do not hold as well as the command hooks do. I had to use a little super glue to keep them from falling. Yes, some on the hooks I put a heavier purse but one or two I have feather light ones that still did not stay and had to be reinforced.
1 of the cars that originally came with the magic track only lasted a couple of days. Since our grandkids enjoyed it so much I decided to buy 3 new cars instead of returning it. The lights on 1 of the 3 cars in this pack do not work. The car runs so just keeping vs. the hassle of exchanging/returning. These cars are faster then the original ones and use 2 AA batteries instead of 3 AAA. But can't recommend them given the issue with that car.
It was too large on the earpiece
I liked when I first got . After a couple days the light kicks on automatically and wears batteries out .
Sadly, I have to agree with the negative reviews. These towels are not very absorbent. Even after washing, they are just so-so. Also, they are bright white with the decorative stripe on one side only. I am shopping for new towels again. Do not purchase.
I love the basket itself but the mounth will not hold it up on the bars. I have tightened them down as far as i can without breaking the plastic and the basket still slowly droops down until it is rubbing on my front tire. I was so excited about this basket but now it just sits on a shelf and can't be used.
Did not work well for long! Would not buy again!
Color is a peach not pink. I returned it
If you're a beginner, do not buy this! It's very difficult to see as the canvas is overcrowded. This should be larger.
Ordered for no slip in the tub, they are cute, but slick as a lizard so no good for the purpose I need them for.
The product itself is meh. Cute design, I like all the features, but I don't think the thermometer is accurate, and the display was a little tough for my small child to read. The functionality was pretty poor. Very hard and cumbersome to set and change the times/alarms. The alarm, though....oh...I would never want to wake up to this alarm. It is like the sound box was ripped out from an old toy from the 80's, and then amplified.
There is a double thickness potholder pictured and these are single thickness. Not adequate. Will return.
The shape and structure are solid, but this always stays in the bathroom, as a caddy for salts and bath products. No Mrs. Meyers products could get the mold off this thing. Buy something else with a better finish!
I agree with other reviewers that these sheets are a 10 on the softness scale. However, these are the thinnest sheets I have ever seen. Tissue paper thin. I predict they'll last 2 months tops before the first tears show up. I won't be buying these again.
Item did not arrive on time. Was over two weeks late. But the items are what you see.
Extremely difficult to apply.
It's a yellow and not really a gray green
I really like having squishy bags that can fit under the beds for extra storage. I purchased 2 of these with hopes of storing a few extra blankets and a few extra pillows. I am happy with the room the bag has, but as I was closing the second bag that only had 3 blankets (not stuffed as I still have room for more), the plastic viewing came away from its seam. Disappointed that it isn't more durable.
Only one of the two I order actually filled out. One stayed flat.
It was supposed to be mold free, but after a couple weeks, there were mold spots growing at the bottom of the liner. Not worth the money if it molds up.
Tiny. Disappointed for the price.
One side panel came damaged and the instructions on the inside said to contact the company for any needed parts. I was told to take apart the product and ship it back but it was not worth the amount of time and effort.
Very thin, poor quality.not recommended.
Beautiful Curtains, but returned because wrong size sent.
this one was too small to be useful, otherwise it would have been OK, but not so easy to take the 2 parts apart for cleaning
I loved this pillow for the stripes. It worked well on the sofa in a room of neutrals. However, it faded horribly within a couple of months. I washed on gentle cycles inside out, hung to set. Still, in less than a year, it needs to be replaced.
I ordered these risers for a craft show I did. When they arrived three of them were cracked. Since the show was the following weekend I elected not to return them and use them instead since the cracks didn't effect the functioning of the risers, only the appearance. They work exactly as one would expect. Packaging left much to be desired since the damage was clearly caused as a result of the product having no protection within the flimsy box.
Instructions didn't work as written. The design washed off of the shirt after one wash cycle. Not worth it.
Looked okay. Too small and no way to attach to anything. I thought they were clip on but they were not.
you can tell this is made cheap.. it is a frim cardboard frame with print that is glue that has been slapped on on the bottom and side seams.. very easy to bend. ok for guest ba. it is pretty print
I liked the idea of it. But the day I got it the yellow light on it never worked, just the white light
Product was the single camel, as stated, but not in an individual original package. This was important for me to know.
as title states, it didnt work. it held up a bit and fell right off a few hours later. yes, i did clean the glass.. i read somewhere heat might be an issue? who knows.. california is not that hot..all well
Purchased two of these seats and one seat broke within 2 weeks .I am 180 lbs and it broke while I was seated. Have used duct tape to avoid getting pinched until I can find yet another toilet seat. I am thinking plastic would be better than this over priced piece of junk.
It's cute, but barely offered any support while travelling.
some came apart had to glue them back together before attaching them to my hairbows. did not come in pairs.
There was a missing wooden dowel in the product. The three short wood pieces on each side were also not able to align to form a straight line.
Didn't work. So sad as it was a gift for my grandson. The bird came out but no sound. It is all plastic too. Sent it back. Still awaiting a refund. I wouldn't buy it again or recommend it. I'll spend more for some quality
My clock stop working 3 days after I received it. I didn't feel like returning so we are using it in our laundry room for wall décor.
The pictures are deceptive for this one. In person the product is cheap and low quality. The pot and trunk are very obviously low end plastic and the entire tree comes scrunched up in a small box so it doesn't look anything like the gem leaves on this one.
Did not look like picture. Was more like a shirt than a actual dress.
Seriously smaller than I was expecting. Do not fit Ikea cabinets at all.
One year on and the suction cups won't hold any longer than 5-10 minutes. In search of replacement
Not impressed with this. Handle kept coming off, very frustrating. Didn't seem to clean any better than scrubbing by hand.
I thought this "cooling" material would help with hot flashes but it does not.
The zipper doesn't slide - you slide your fingers along the ridges of the zipper to close the bag. It is hard to achieve a fully closed bag. From the description, I expected there to be a mechanism that you slide along the top of the bag to close it.
It's way too thick! Fluffy isn't the word - it's soft and squishy, but still kind of firm, as in it pops back up once your head lays on it. I tried to put most of my body weight on it, kind of wrap myself around it and it pushes back! Might be great for some, but for me I need something I can sink into a bit more. Was not expecting the bounce back in a pillow.
Have returns on 2 units pending. They would shut off randomly and it appears to be when you use the heated mist option. No real company site to support the product. Humidity sensor is all over the place, seems like a decent device but needs some work. EDIT- I think the company may have tried to contact me about replacing the units, seems like they may think its just one failing... Leaving this comment so others know to at least check back and possibly that they may have support. I called the number back and it went to a cell phone I believe. Edit 2- Seller has called and is shipping me new bottom half to see if we can't resolve the issue. Will write back.
product wheel broke within a day. sent it back
Honestly this is NOT welded to perfection
I bought this as a house warming present for a friend who saw the them at my house. It looks good and the shampoo side is working well but the conditioner has stopped pumping all together. Tried to re prime the pump but it isn't working. I'm starting to have the same problem with the conditioner pump in my shower but mine is over a year old. Disappointing...
Love the design but it was so complicated to get on. It wasn't as thick to protect against a stain if there was a spill
I bought this for my sons room and was super excited about it based on previous reviews. It came packaged nicely. The canvas tent itself is beautiful and nice quality. But..the instructions were useless, the plastic connectors did not fit the wooden poles, and it's almost impossible to set up without the piles becoming disconnected.
I love these oils, but I will no longer be purchasing them. The dropper has changed and now allows too much oil to drop out, sometimes even in a stream. I want to be able to have control over how much oil comes out and I can't with the NOW brand due to this change. If the company changes back to the old style dropper, then I will switch back.
Hard to put together, not great quality, love the corner design
Pretty design and easy enough to complete if you already know how to do all of the stitches. You can also look up how to do them on YouTube if you are a visual learner like myself. My issue with this product is that the string is super cheap and splits apart and it's near impossible to get the string through the eye of the needle. It was so frustrating I just gave up on it.
I didn't buy this as a "stash box." I needed a box about this large for storage of small hand tool parts. It might have worked for this. However, the top of the box is warped, and doesn't sit flat on the the box when the lid is placed on the bottom of the box. This could have been solved by letting the wood cure properly before working with it.
This blanket cover is soft and comfortable, but if you move the blanket from place to place (couch to bed, for instance), the weight of the blanket will quickly tear the inside ties loose, and the blanket will bunch up at the bottom of the cover. It's very frustrating! I wanted to like this so much, but was very disappointed.
I bought this in the past and is not big as the picture. I decided to buy it again for a furniture but this time the flower is even more small then the first one I order. So is a lot smaller than the pic.
This product should be $5. It's toy like opposed to being for professional use. I had to return it twice because it didn't work with a brand new battery. You would think that they would test the product before shipping it. Appearance wise it looks like the real deal but when you look under the turntable disk the construction is poor.
Broom bristles are too flimsy. Doesn't pick up dust Nd debris well at all! Disappointing as otherwise the product feels sturdy and the dustpan works well.
This set is beautiful! Unfortunately, less then two months after I received it (and just past the return window) , I noticed it was ripping. Very disappointed in the quality.
Not impressed at all. There's barely any paint in these things once you finally get them to work! And yes, I read the instructions and know what to do. Don't waste your money *sidenote- I did like the colors. It's the whole reason I chose these over others.
This clock does not illuminate and that is why I purchase it what a bust.
Two of the four totes were damaged but the boxes they were in were not damaged and now I have to go to the extra effort to ship them back. Not pleased.
I washed and ironed the tablecloth but couldn't get out the wrinkles
ORDERED TWO AND ONLY ONE WORKED.
Very cheap plastic. Tabs that lock lid in place broke on 2nd use and the rubber gasket that makes it water tight is so thin it is impossible to seat correctly and water spills. The inner plastic that holds the wick (pulls water up to be diffuse vs diffusing from bottom) broke the 2nd day making it useless as a diffuser. 2 stars for being a cool concept and the fan still works....for now.
This pillow is super thick. For a belly sleeper, it's painful! And it has a super strong chemical smell. I'm returning it and looking for one that truly is thin.
The settings were a little large for 12mm cabochons, quality was great but finished product didn't look proper.
A lot of my silverware goes through the bottom of the wire basket. Annoying.
This was easy to put together and works fine. I am 5'4” and I have to bend to sweep with this short broom. I had no idea it was this short. If you are over 5'3” this is not for you.
I bought this candle based on its reviews. There is nothing special about this candle. Smells like any regular candle.
Did not work as expected. I used it on two different fabrics and stains and both are still there and very visible.
The room that I bough this for is 10 x 9ft but this heater was unable to heat the space. By placing it on my bedside table I was able to direct the heat onto my bed but that was it.
Eh. These are not sturdy pins. They bend easily so didn't hold in place the adhesion I needed.
You couldn't get a burlap flag on it! Had to bend the end down!
Two stars because shipping was fast. However they arrived smashed. There's no way to reshape them. Totally unusable. I'm addi they smell horrible. Not sure what the smell is but they smell bad. Very disappointed I needed these for 13 brides maids bouquet. I had planned to order more.
I was happy with the pillow case.
These are cheap, and probably fine for weak hands and regular paper only. But if older children are using this and squeeze even a little too hard the handles break off. Poor design not including "nub" or "stopper" between the handles, and poor choice using such weak plastic. I hate being wasteful but have thrown a few broken ones away.
Sheets where filled with lint like someone forgot to change the lint trap on the dryer..Spent several minutes shaking the sheets out then laundering before use...
Good product but doesn't prevent drafts from coming in or going out. Effective but to a certain extent
The oil lamps are incredibly small. They look like toys compared to normal sized ones. They do work but are much much smaller than expected and are not worth the price that was charged.
Giving it 2 stars just case it got here a week earlier than said too witch was still a week slower than everything else Cheap rubber plastic doesn't look real in the less
I only received 10 chains, I ordered 20. I've emailed the seller over and over again and can not get a response. The 10 chains I did receive are nice and well worth the money, but I'm giving 2 stars because they only shipped half of my order and refuse to respond to emails.
I really wanted to like this product but the basket doesn't hold the shape and it keeps falling to the side.
We've glued to magnets back on like 3-4 times in the month we've had these.
It's not a stable mop it does the job so-so but I wouldn't buy it again
Did not include all the pieces, specifically the extra small needle.
Doesn't work that good.
When I opened the box, one of the six containers was broken. I don't actually need all six, but it's frustrating because now I need to decide whether to return all 6 and wait another week or more to get the replacements, or just ignore the problem and throw the broken one away.
These were to small and the instructions to heat them before installing was way to complicated.
one zipper broke right away. I think my pillows were too big.
I would give 1-star, but this is a very soft cover. HOWEVER, I have washed this ONE time and the zipper has ripped down the seam, and 2 of the 6 ties that hold the blanket in place have ripped off the inside seam. Super disappointing. We've only had it a month. NOT worth $40 at all.
I saw the size in description, however the picture used is purposefully misleading, looks much larger in the pictures tha. It actually is
The fabric pulls and picks so easily. It looks horrible after just a few weeks.
i thought it offered a USB charging port because it popped up in my search...my oversight :(
While this was cute and had a lot of functions, it leaked out of the hole in the top of the head. No matter what I tried my table would be flooded by the end of the day. The fan was strong and the light worked well. I also thought the Ian cable for power was long enough. It's just too bad it leaked. I had to return it.
Cute bows that don't stick to anything! Great if you want to SET a bow on a package but don't expect it to stick for more than 5 minutes. Falls right off.
It falls off door and comes apart easily
the product is definitely better quality in-store, as I've bought this before. It neither smelled the same nor lasted. I burned through 2 in 8 days - then just threw them all out.
The instructions say to press any button to stop alarm and still have active for next day. NOPE.. I tried to reset, I removed, replaced batteries, reset again, NOPE! I retuned.
Too thin, light and see through.
I received an elephant with all blue beads
The price for these was fantastic. That is the good news. The not so good news is that the weave, although it looks great at first glance has a lot of roughness. Due to this roughness in the weave everything clings to it. It is virtually impossible to turn over at night without lifting the sheet up first. Maybe if you wear satin or slippery pajamas it would not do this. However with cotton knit pajamas the sheets cling to them. I think this material would be better suited for making curtains where roughness of the fabric is not an issue. However, if you want sheets that provide natural exfoliation while you sleep, they would be awesome. I have washed the sheets about 4 times so far. They wash well, but the roughness factor has not changed yet. As you can see in the picture, hair and or lint will cling to the sheets and cannot be shaken out.
The quality is great but the color is orange not red. Disappointed.
Very cheap material and assembly.
The heat sealer broke after a week which was very inconvenient while I was preparing an order. Had to delay the order because I just ended up buying a professional one. The shrink wraps are weak and kept ripping when heating them. Only good thing about this purchase were the molds.
I absolutely love this duvet cover. It's exactly what I wanted- EXCEPT that the product description clearly says it has ties in the corner and a button closure and there are NO ties. This was something I looked at specifically before purchasing. I'm just going to sew some ties on the inside corners, but I was disappointed when I received it and realized the false description.
I love wooden hangers but I had to sand three of these. They snagged some clothes.
The shape is very nice but I was expecting glass and instead I received plastic inserts which makes it look cheap.
Thought it plugged in
The colors are pretty but based on the picture I certainly expected them to be fuller...they look very blah because they are so thin.
Pillow Cover slick and not a typical pillow material. Would NOT recommend. The REAL Better Homes and Garden pillow from Walmart that has insert included and not just a cover has a cost of $2.00 more and is worth the money, NOT this pillow COVER. DO NOT RECOMMEND this seller's pillow cover at all.
Although this concept is a great affordable way to help the mornings be more organized and less hectic ....these are obviously very cheaply made and not inspected well! I ordered 2 and both had defects!! Both had a day of the week printed upside down!
This would have been a fabulous product for the price, if it was made with a stronger or flexible material. The mop head needs to be able to rotate 360 degrees. The current design on the mop makes it difficult to reach areas that don't have at least a 90 angle between the walls. I tried cleaning my sofa and the handle broke which could have been avoided with a less ridged material.
Personally didn't like them due to the shininess.
Does not drain great and is not as cute as I thought they were going to be. Better designs out there, just keep looking and spend a little more. It will be worth it.
I ordered the 2 green and 2 blue but the ones I got are grey. The packaging says blue and green but they aren't.
I like the item and it works perfectly, however it was broken when it was delivered. Makes me wonder how long it will last.
The ladder gets wonky as the latches fall apart easily.
the toes- were not completely punched out. we had to individually punch them out ourselves. It took more than an hr. ribbon was not as decribed in the picture it was a much darker shade.
There is a very faint whiff of patchouli. Not at all as advertised
Too cheezy and too expensive for the quality.
I have only had this sheet for about a month, I wasn't going to review it yet but the seller is pressuring for a review. So here goes, at this point I am not very impressed with the sheet the material is bawling up like cheap cotton, the balls to wash away the material does feel nice when there are no lint balls on it . I was going to wait to make my review to let wash them a few more times to see if helps please let balls or just loose materials and it would stop or it may continue I don't know yet like I said I was pressured into a review so here it is.
Worked perfectly the first few times I've used it. Now when putting the nitrous cartridge in it takes about 2 minutes for it to fully load. Very disappointed.
One of the clothes clips was missing, probably due to the cheap plastic packaging and the rip in the bag. It may work fine with the remaining clips but a little quality control prior to shipping would have prevented this two star review.
Does not fit my vacuum exactly but I rigged it to fit.
I would return if it wasn't such a pain to return large pillows! These had no structure and were way too soft. This sizing was also off. I bought a size larger than my pillow covers and still had a couple inches of fabric where the pillow didn't even fill!
wish they would stand up better by themselves. we use them to keep shoes in but even with a single pair of toddler sized shoes in them it can't even stand up. def not made to be self supporting, but more of like the pic, stuffed full of things to force it to stay up.
Very thin material. Def a summer robe
Not the same as the picture
Smelled ok at first, but after a few hours my house smelled terrible. It took days for the smell to go away. This product is not for me.
Not what it is cracked up to be. I noticed no odor relief.
Went to use it the other day and after filling it with water I couldn't get the top to go back on. Only had it a month and never used it that much. Very disappointed.
Not very absorbent. The color is also sort of a brown grey.
Don't waste your money. I've had to purchase brackets to mount underneath to give these support!
Stand/support broke within two days. It's falling or leaning. And the placement of ornaments are not well organized.
Way too soft and squishy for good support.
I loved this mirror...until a year later when it toppled over and broke out of nowhere. The wood for the base is dry and brittle, even after using wood conditioning cleaner on it 2-3 times since the time I first got it. One of the supporting legs fell off because the wood frame where the bottom screws into wasn't very good quality. After the mirror fell, I examined the bottom of the frame, and the wood was completely split, causing the leg to come off. It's a shame, because the mirror was a centerpiece in my living room. It had such a pretty cherry finish and a "vintage" appeal. I agree with another reviewer that said kids and this mirror don't mix. After the mirror fell and was flat on the ground, my 7 year old wasn't looking where he was going and stepped on it, shattering the glass to pieces. I'm very lucky my son and our rabbit (who was out of her cage and playing when it happened) didn't get hurt.
Returned. Size is not correct. Order bigger
Bought this swaddle as a gift. Package arrived on time when opened box was damaged and crushed as seen in pictures. Shipped in padded envelope, but probably would have been better protected in a box. Blanket itself is very cute though.
Not impressed with these flat ornaments. They are very thin and probably won't last long.
I often order a pack of 50 or 100 something and they are usually Made in China products. The good news about this product is, I got 100 for the first time. Previously, it was always short by 3-7 which I never understood. The bad news is 3 of them had the large black stains/marks which I don't think it will come out after washing and 2 of them were so stretched out that you can't possibly put anything in it. And the stitches of many of them are just not straight.
Beautiful product but too small and the horn broke off so easily!
The pillow is great, but has a horrible odor! You wonder what it is in it to smell so bad. It is so bad my dog moved away from it. It has been 2 weeks now and it still stinks. You can't sleep on your side with it. You wonder what it is doing to you - does it have toxic horrible chemicals in it???
Can not close door with on
I had great hopes for this product. All I can say is that it is somewhat adequate. There is no bad smell. It does some bit of polishing with a great deal of buffing. It is less effective than the product I used earlier. I will not purchase it again.
I bought this fan last year and it stop working a month ago. This is the second Honeywell product I have bought that doesn't work well.
I like the steam for sure, I don't like that the steam travels down the cord and could potentially be dangerous or damage computer equipment when plugged in. Also the dripping kinda makes a mess to take care of.
Sheets feel semi plastic and cheap
Material was cheap. Too bulky didn't really support as described in description!
The beads arrived quickly however very disapointed with the size. I bought size 10mm however beads received resembles similiar beads bought in size 8mm
I have owned this product for 4 months now. I usually wait to write true reviews on products. This is not that great. I am constantly fixing and adjusting the plastic rack holders. If you bump or move it in the slightest, it completely falls apart and needs reassembled from the bottom up. I am over it and will be giving it away to someone that has the time to F with it every couple weeks.
i guess i was thinking the magnet would allow me to put them on my refrigerator for quick access. they are too heavy & slide down. I guess the magnets were meant to keep them together in a drawer (just like my other ones are that have a plastic ring keeping them together). i should have sent them back.
They are big and bulky, but hold towels properly.
This product is not working as I expected. I wish I had ordered a product that did not heat added.
can see through, not enough privacy.
This was great for the first 3 months (not used often) but then speed two is pretty much the same as speed one and it is now making a noise when it's oscillating.
This frame is just kinda chintzy. I'm bummed there's no glass. The plexiglass is very reflective and shows every scratch (it came with scratches). It's lightweight so it doesn't hang straight on the wall. I had a hard time finding this size on a budget but if you have more money definitely get something else.
The product overall looks nice and works well. However, it arrived dented in three different places. I'm extremely upset that I have paid full price for a damaged product.
When you power it on, it takes a few seconds to fully get to its maximum sucking power. And the suction power isn't exactly very powerful. It makes sense as it is for cleaning something small. It sucks dust and crumbs on the keyboard above the keys. It cleans in between keys decently enough. As for cleaning what's under the keys, you'll have to remove each key and then use this to suck what got stuck under there. The attachments are not small enough to fit in between the keys to get underneath. Is it worth the money? Probably not.
Was not what I expected. Too thin and small fabric.
Pretty keepsake but the rosary is like adult size. I was looking for a child size rosary.
reordered this a second time but it was thicker and not the same ply
Used it once and got broke on one of the edges.Not very durable
Literally ONE of each color in package of 44 colors. Felt is stiff. Better used in cutting out shapes or for defined edges. Not suitable for stuffing.
Returned this. It's a paper towel holder, not a toilet paper holder as it states. If you hang two rolls on it, there's nothing to separate to keep from bouncing off each other.
for the price not at all satisfied. first the two bags i ordered had a some type of growth on them and they were wrapped like they had been returned. then i reorder and hang these up yesterday, today i go out and half of one of the garlands is laying on the ground. unbelievable for the price of these.
Description stated 2 pillows would be included. Only one was in package.Quality of the one pillow is good.
Did not come with all the hardware shown in the product picture. Was able to piece it together with stuff from my garage. But in the end a bad customer experience.
This item is very flimsy and cheaply made. Paid almost $30 and it's not worth half of that. I'm going to try to use it anyway because I don't need the hassle of taking it apart again and shipping it back. I wonder how long it will last...
Not LED and easily breakable. Wish it came in different strand colors but only comes in green. Bulbs were dirty upon arrival but otherwise works as designed. Bulbs shatter easily and you need to screw in each one (it's not preassembled). Clips also break very easily. I was asked to write this review and increase the star rating to a 5 by the company. As such, I am lowering the star rating to a lower level due to customer service demands that I increase the rating which I refuse to do.
When I received this denim it was of grain and had to really measure carefully to cut what I wanted on grain. Disappointed in the quality.
The cushion felt uneven when I received it -- the left side was noticeably lower. I hoped that it would even out from use, but it has not. The cushion is hard, but it would be OK if it were even. Very uncomfortable, so I threw it away. Since I left this feedback, the seller contacted me, refunded the cost, sent me another cushion, and said they'd study the old one to understand what had happened (which won't happen since I already discarded it and they didn't send a return label anyway). They seem nice enough but I had already bought a cushion from a different manufacturer, so I have no use for the cushion they sent. If they had answered their phone in the first place or informed me that they had a policy to replace defective products, this all would have gone a lot more smoothly.
I could not get these to work, one side would slip off. Not very user-friendly.
The product I received did not look like the color shown in the picture. And I realized I would never be able to move my bed to another location in the room.
They are nice but for some reason I expected them to be thicker. I tried to return and it said I missed the return date, that's silly!
Loved this pillow for the first few days. But after that the stitching started to come undone and I had to sew it. Wish it was a bit more durable.
... at all. Even after a couple machine washes & dries it still pushes water across the counter. Quite hydrophobic. Cute to look at, but not practical.
Not impressed with this at all!
This is my second purchase from the company the first was good, this one is a nice frame but it has a glob of glue in it that is really hard to miss and kinda makes the frame look cheap. I wish they had quality control to check such an issue before it was sent out especially since it was close to 40$ for one frame. Also the company is not very good about responding to reviews or emails so if you are going to buy this prepare to be ignored if you are disappointed.
Don't waste your money on this. It is completely ineffective. The brush head does not even contact the surface you are trying to clean. The rubber finger part of the brush can be removed to get the bristles of the brush closer to the surface you are trying to clean. However, the brush slows to a complete stop when it contacts a surface. The brush was being powered by a shop vac so lack of suction was not to blame. The impeller design allows for too much airflow around it.
One of the decorative pillows arrived with white spots/stains on it. Other than that the order was fine.
5 stars if it was 5-10 dollars cheaper. Simply not worth 20 dollars. It's a relatively cheap, small frame. Would be worth 20 if it was twice the size.
The dye worked well and was easy to use, but it turned out looking purple ish. The box said black.
I liked the color and the design a little thin and really not worth the full price cut the cost in half or throw in the wash cloth
Doesn't look half as beautiful as the picture 😢
I thought the color in the picture of shoelaces was red (seller didn't specify). I ended up with pink shoelaces... Bad experience!
When I received the curtain one of the grommets were gone, very dissapointed
Bunch up when you place items in and out.
Not as expected. Quality is low and the handles keep falling off!!!! Still can't seem to get them back on right.
Feels nice, colors bright, although areas described as navy are black!! Makes it bad, because I bought navy drapes to go with it!! Has not been washed yet, so we'll see..
I don't understand why these rose petals smell like FISH. Not even just a faint smell, but like a really really bad stench. And the rose petals come compact/ stuck together. Be ready to sit and peel off each petal. Other than the stench and the time required to take apart the petals, it looks the way it's supposed to.
Just okay plastic doesn't fit around shower head pipe well and the plastic has broken in 2 spots in just a few weeks. But, it doesn't rust.
Product was broken when I received it.
They looked nice enough, but even with the elastic band, I was unable to keep them in place. They went over a leather couch, so that in general makes it more slippery. They were constantly bunching up and sliding down. Probably would work best on a cloth couch.
Not for markers . Not for Copic or anyother markers shiny semi-glossy they are bleed proof but the pen ink smudges and messed up my nibs of my marker made lines. Don't really recommend.
Ehhh.... it holds food scraps. Fruit flies still get in it, so we take it out every day. The charcoal filters don't stay in the lid they usually wind up in with the scraps.
Gives off a smell does not catch as quickly as other brands.
Two of that candles do not work!
Not enough difference with the sizes.
I know that this rosary was cheap, but it broke within two weeks. It's not like I was doing anything crazy with it, simply holding it in my hands. I would recommend spending a little bit more to get a rosary of higher quality.
Made very cheaply. Cord is way too short. Power switch not easily accessible........
Their cute, not worth what I paid for 3 of them. One had both the buttons sowed on, the other two had one hot glued on and the other sowed on, the 3rd one had both buttons hot glued on. The snow man on both stockings had leftover hot glue all over them. Can definitely see a lot of features falling off if I put them next to my fireplace and the heat warms up that glue.
This one did not work for me,perhaps I got a lemon because I did buy a similar product on Amazon and it work great!
I thought they looked very sloppy. We returned them.
Just got this air purifier and could tell something was wrong. When I moved the box I could hear something loose rattling around. I managed to get two nuts and a screw to shake out of the purifier before starting it. Then after I turned it on the fan wouldnt run and it smelled funny. Unplugged it and shook it upside down and then another screw fell out. After plugging it back in and turning it on the fan worked. Glad I found that before it caught on fire! I hope it works but I'm not sure where these screws go!
The zipper breaks very quickly. Better to pay a little more than to have to replace them so often.
Came damaged! I bought 2 and one was damaged and I need it to clean my kids playroom for guests I have coming from out of state so I have no time to return it
Easel is too flimsy to stand and hold a canvas painting. It is difficult to figure out how to set up with no instructions. I am returning this.
Very thin. These are not really flannel sheets. Not for cold nights.
The color is great, they are nice and soft, but they slide around so easily. I washed them to see if that would help, but they still slide around. Our floor is linoleum and I have never had this problem with other rugs.
Not universal, does not fit Martha Stewart essentials cast iron. I tried to cut the skinny area to allow the bigger end to slide on, it worked a little. We will use this weekend while camping, but they will go in the trash when we get home. If these fit your pans they would be nice. They do what they are expected to
This might be personal preference - but when I bought this pillow I thought memory foam is a bit more dense than that - the pillow is way too soft and not really lending support to my neck, so i ended up have to roll a towel under my neck. I suffer from neck and back pain, and need much support from my pillow, but this one is not it. Very disappointed
Received the shower curtain yesterday and the color is as I expected. What i did not expect were dirty shoe prints on the fabric. There are clearly 3 shoe print visible and this is directly out if the package. There is also a misprint of the design right in the middle of the curtain.
hard to use, paint will not flow smoothly
Should have looked at the sizes before ordering. The selection was MUCH SMALLER than I thought. Ordered to get corks for my pottery, but only 3 of the 4 corks would fit my jugs :( Majority of the variety was on the small size. Also smells like GLUE so I don't know about the food safety of these.
They smell like citronella in the box, but when you light them there is nothing, even after they melt awhile. They're not really nice enough to give as gifts, either, since they're loose in the tins and the writing on the bottom is blurry. I'd skip these.
I've used many vinyl applications on walls over the years. This one looks kind of cheap and I can see the clear outline on the wall. I have a feeling we won't leave it up very long. Not sure...
Purchased July 2017 Fine product, needs a fairly small space for effective cooling. The fan makes considerable noise just a year after I bought it. Contacting support, will update based on response... EDIT: No response from support after multiple attempts to contact. Downgrading from 3 stars to 2 stars.
Order a skirt with a 12 inch drop - what arrived is most definitely not a 12 inch drop, it's closer to 15. The material is fine and lightweight but doesn't fall correctly since the drop length is incorrect.
It's much bigger than it looks and very heavy. I was looking for something more subtle. I guess it was my fault for not looking at the measurements
I read the list reviews that this was small, but it's even smaller than I imagined. I was thinking the star was about 5.5" in diameter, but it definitely is not. From the top to the very base is about 6", so keep that in mind when thinking about it for your tree.
When this first arrived, I was really happy with it because it is extremely soft and a great size. However, after one wash it is shedding lint everywhere. I've washed it several times now and the lint won't give up and it's all over my clothes. Not really worth the headache.
The sleeve ripped within a couple hours of just wearing it
This product came quickly but did nothing to clean my HD front loader. I was hoping it would help clean the gaskets but it did nothing after two back-to-back uses. Glad I only ordered one bottle.
Love this but unfortunately it arrived with a large scratch on the mirror despite being packaged very well. Very disappointed as I was very anxious to receive it without damage.
I don't have craft stores close to where I live to work on last minute projects so I had to order from amazon. I had read the reviews but decided to take a chance because I really needed it and couldn't find something similar. they were right. the colors on the front do not match what is actually in the inside. IF you are expecting them to, save your money!! if you can work with somewhat off color then they will be fine.
Not as full as I'd like them to be. Seems a bit excessive by the price point for it to seem so nonexistent. For it to look nice I'd have to buy two more.
The alarm is much too quiet, and the adjustments are confusing.
Friend liked it but not for me.
I am not sure if it's the polyester that this pad is made out of, but I'm finding it to be somewhat loose fitting on my mattress. Also finding it retains heat or something when you sleep - I'm on the hunt for something else.
It looks nice but it's very thin and very scratchy. Not worth the $40 I paid for it.
burned out right away
It not wide enough it feel cheap it want drape on one side of the bed is not oversize it may be king but not the oversize one
Not only did we get shorted on our order but they fell apart in the wash.
Fabric is paper thin. Bought for a bed spread/ blanket. And it most definitely is not! This is a thin tapestry. Terrible odor that a washing machine doesn't get rid of. Colors are bold. Design is pretty.
Pretty disappointed with this product. The mop head is good quality, but the spinning mechanism is actually part of the handle. You have to unlock the handle every time you want to wring it.
Our daughter got bunk beds and we wanted to coordinate with her existing comforter. This comforter ended up being a lot more green on the color spectrum than blue. The picture showed it to be more blue dominate in the turquoise color than green and did not appear that way in person. Not even close to what we were expecting. It almost appeared more olive green --not quite, but it was closer to that than turquoise. Returning and will keep searching.
Scratchy and thin silk -you can't turn your pillow over because you have a low grade cotton on back of pillowcase. I think there must be better options out there.
Size was much smaller than expected
Not very pretty, really small groups of flowers.
They are well made and soft BUT what I place in them to wash does NOT get clean i have to wash more then 3 times in this bag or change to bag with bigger holes to get items clean.
My major issues with this product: - the bottle drips (huge mess!) - it doesn't really cure that well. I put the uv light on it for like ten minutes and it was still sticky. The stickiest eventually went away after a few hours. This stickiness makes it proned to getting fingerprints all over it. You might as well just get air dry resin since you have to leave it for a few hours anyway. I like: - the price - the clarity of the cured resin It's probably good for getting started but just be aware of the issues
The frame had edges that were not black-- color either had not been applied or had worn off. Backing cheap-- not easy to open/close to get photo inside, and the easel on the back (for tabletop display) is not designed to be flat against frame-- so if you hang this frame on the wall, the easel will make one side stick out from the wall.
Under powered. Should of purchase larger cfm unit
Looked exactly as pictured. Plenty of size, very nice looking stockings. The back half is unfortunately made from felt of the thinnest, lowest-quality type available. They're good for a single use, not much more. We've already thrown them away, because after one use there are already holes and the felt has started to disintegrate after only a few hours.
This product works fine for what it is advertised for. I have it over the back of my pantry door to hold ziplock bags, foil... However, I didn't like having to drill into my door to keep it from swinging around or items falling out of it. I also don't like that the hangers that go over the top of the door are cutting into my frame and now I have to sand and repaint.
Much smaller than anticipated. Barely hold one pack of thin bacon.
Not a good vacuum where you have sand or debris from foot traffic. The head gets clogged easily and the suction of the vacuum overall is not adequate.
Nice little lit trees to flank an entry. Mediocre swag- not really full. But the wreath was so skimpy and bedraggled I would be embarrassed to put it on my front door. Looks NOTHING like the product photo.
Lights are not bright enough even when they are turned all the way up. The magnifying mirror is great though.
Really bad print. It has weird lines and is pixelated. Did not expect this 😳
item is cute but very small. specs are there but i thought maybe i was wrong because the pictures show it standing above the sink and there is also a picture with it set up near a window however these pictures are very false.
These were meant to be a gift for my father, but they did not come in their boxes, and instead were just packaged loose in bubble wrap. I've ordered these before and received them in their factory box, which has some nice little tips on how to drink your whiskey. The glasses are, however, genuine. Nothing was damaged. If you're looking for a glass that really enhances the experience and allows you to fully appreciate your Whisk(e)y, this is it.
Bought due to great reviews. Huge disappointment. Been searching everywhere for years 😩 for dishcloths that will not turn putrid & sour smelling. I use a fresh one everyday & rinse thoroughly w/cold h2o after each use, air dry completely. Have tried every laundry method i could find: use Tide, washed in HOT, 2hr sanitizing cycle, cold h2o, bleach, Downy fabric softener, vinegar rinse etc. Machine dried & air dried outside in sun. NOTHING made a difference. Now as soon as i wet it after laundering, it stinks! Doesn't make a difference where bought or price paid.
The candles came dirty, as if they were dropped in sand? Hard to clean off from them. Two of the candles do not work at all. Several, didn't work at first and had to be shaken a little bit to start working. Lower price than you would pay for other battery operated/remote controlled candles. They look pretty good. You get what you pay for.
Not as heavy as I expected it to be, I'm worried it will be swept away if left on my front porch.
I was happy to see how well these frames were packaged. They were in nice boxes, frames were wrapped in plastic as well as secured from moving around inside the boxes. But once I opened the boxes, I was disappointed with the state of the frames. As you can see from the photos basically every frame corner was "dinged" and one had a chunk missing. The fronts of the frames didn't seemed to joined properly and there were spaces in the front corners. Hopefully it won't be an issue returning them and getting my money back. **the extra star was because the packaging was very well done**
These do look to be nice, after washing them, they turned out well, not very wrinkly at all. Sadly these show body oils worse than any other sheets I've owned. After having them just a few months, they look icky. They ARE nice and soft, not thin either. HOWEVER, I have a big, thick tempurpedic bed (queen) with very deep profile. The deep pockets on this sheet not only fit, they are too large. I'm really curious if I accidentally got a king fitted sheet instead of a queen.
I wanted atomic time keeping without DST. Unfortunately, you cannot turn off DST without turning off the radio signal mode with this clock. So rather than bothering with the return hassle, I will keep the clock in non-atomic mode. Most clocks give the option of turning off DST but this one does not. If others can design that option, why can't Marathon? Two stars (everything else is fine).
I ordered this and I did not get any of the orange or yellow string. I am disappointed.
Colors are pretty but it is way smaller than I expected
Maybe I just got one bad one. The temperature is fine however my indoor and outdoor temp always read the same temp and there is no way that should be. cheap enough to give it a try anyway. Maybe I got the one out of a hundred that was bad. It happens in China more so than the USA.
Delivered without hose. Can't use the item as ordered. Disappointed.
It wouldn't stick to my bathtub so it was completely useless
Not thick and plush as you'd think. Hoping a wash will fluff them up. Was hoping more like PB towels. Oh well. Keeping mostly for the design but these won't do for everyday use.
Heater worked great when I got it new last winter (Jan 2017). Completely died this winter. Lights still come on, but does not heat up at all
It was delivered broken into at least 15 pieces. The packaging was totally inadequate to protect the object.
I still can't install these. The stakes (pictured) that came with them are inherently designed to break at the circular points on the side. Doesn't matter tool, force, angle....they break half way in. I can't find alternatives from local stores and the Amazon seller has not responded to my message sent 7 days ago regarding stakes or screws I can buy that won't collapse on me.
Meh. I LOVE compasses and maps, but I don't love this. While it is a cute idea, it lacks a bit in craftsmanship. You can see all the marker guidelines lines around the letters (sloppy and red) for where to cut the metal. Also, I'm almost positive the "S" is upside-down...I'm rather OCD about things like this as I do metal work out a similar kind myself, and I can't help staring at it all the time. The letters are cheap tin. I had purchased this for a book on my sun porch, but since I have received it I have not hung it as yet. Maybe if I can fix the "S" and paint the letters. So ya, time and money on top of money.
This is a nice, lightweight little heater with good safety features. It worked great for about 2 weeks, then only worked intermittently for a few days until it quit working completely. I contacted the seller with detailed info on the issue, and got a 'canned' response telling me to do exactly what the directions for use read. I replied back once again describing what the problem was and never did get another response. Returned the item.
2 of 5 bulbs lasted slightly more than a year before failure. Flickered after 7 months, non continuous use
At first the bed was great. It's been about 6 months and the firmness is gone. Areas of the bed unused iis significantly more firm.
Looks much bigger in the picture than it does in real life. It is sturdy however it is very small
She loved it at first, the beads mostly stay in place, but the corners have extra weighting that do move to create a weight seal that she says she loves but it also appears to be shedding beads!!! Now they're everywhere and she can't figure it out.
Cheap plastic, no holes on the flooring makes it limited to use. Not worth it.
save yourself a bit of money and just buy some Mop n Glow will give you the same results for a large amout less
They do light up but just from the base and they look cheap.
Very very disappointed they are not at all like pictured I'm not sure what I'm gonna do with these little bitty things very Expensive for what you get will not be buying again
These sheets look great but don't stay on well. Every morning I have to pull back over the mattress.
The edges leave red marks on neck The shape is quite comfortable though it would be OK if you put something between yourself and the pillow
Love them, but I ordered 2 sets and only received 1.
Granite is shiny after it is put on, but takes so much work not to leave streaks. The person who cleaned and resealed my granite recommended this. I will never buy it again as it takes so much work to get out the streaks and I did follow the instructions.
Very comfortable mattress with easy to use remote. Bought in Janurary. Unfortunately it is no longer airtight and I wake up about 3 inches sunken into the mattress, with back pain. Has to be pumped full regularly.
Clips don't stay together and it can't hold much weight. Maybe a 3 x 6 picture.
This liquid is too runny. I have used masking liquids many times but not this brand. You can't draw a straight line as it goes all over the place. Needs to be thicker. I would imagine it would eventually thicken but it would take a very long time. Very difficult to get a specific small area covered properly as it bubbles up and runs.
I'm giving two stars only because everything listed was there and most of the tools were functional. The scissors didn't cut AT ALL, the tweezer type tool couldn't grab anything so it was impossible to use those as well. I would not recommend this product especially while using vinyl! Oh and the scraper tool literally scratched my things it had a piece of plastic kind of cut off and it would cut through my materials, I ruined 2 sheets of vinyl.
It was a gift for my babysitter, but looked very cheaply made.
Opened the package and was impressed with the softness. But then washed and dried as per instructions and they came out Very wrinkled. Not a nice set as I had thought
Awful, won't hold hardly any laundry isn't tall, very short, not sturdy at all will be returning.
these get dirty faster and fall apart sooner than than the name brand filters
I do Not speak or Read Chinese which is Required But Only If You Want To Know What The Directions Say in regards to This Product........
The pinking shears are really difficult to use without a significant amount of strength, snips were dull and hardly cut thread, seam ripper was dull. Gave it 2 stars because the shears themselves were sharp and cut fabric well, they were just way too hard to use for more than a couple cuts at a time. Returning this item.
They don't show up on my daughters wall. Make you put them on a white background
Second Hand does not attach at all. The pin on it is simply the wrong size. I'd recommend looking for a product that works as advertised. I'm left with an incomplete project now. I would not recommend this item.
I would not buy this again and probably should have returned it. The slots are great at holding rings but they are far too wide to hold earrings securely. Earrings do not stay in the slots and end up in a jumble inside the box.
Loved material... BUT I washed it before putting over my mattress, and the seam tore as I put it on my mattress so that was super disappointing
Dries too fast!!!! For the price there is not enough product!!!!
3 were already broken in the box and I've had 2 break since. Not impressed
Very disappointed with this "blanket". It is very thin and not warm at all. Worst of all, it pills and sheds like crazy.
I wanted plastic bottles as I thought they would be easier to work with in case of a glass one dropping and breaking. These the metal insert literally breaks off the caps. At least 1/2 of then just broke off. I thought it was maybe just me but my partner ordered the same set and the same thing has been happening to him. Poor quality control or something. I will not purchase these again.
I like the shower curtain but was disappointed in the hand towel set. The fabric of the towels were not that great for $30. It's was thin. I would have preferred the white towel set that appears on the package.
Didn't work well... found vinegar, baking soda & a little dish soap works MUCH better.
Great with the exception that is rusts where the little handles insert and the rust leaks out.
Better for children or smaller adults. Doesnt fit women with any type of chest.
Lid was warped and missing pieces of vents. Dang i had to eat em cause it to late get anything else, Taped lid shut and covered vent with tape. I even contacted company. no reply.
the clasp for the neck is terrible
The carbon filters are too large to sit as they should without curling or bulging inside the HEPA filter. There is a gap at the top of the HEPA filter itself, which makes me wonder how much air is passing through unfiltered. I would not recommend these as an alternative to the normal filter. I have not noticed any strange odors as some reviewers have reported.
Very mild fragrance, I barely notice it
Too small for wide feet even though I purchased 5E.
Sweet scent but not as strong as I like. May have been stock for long time and weaken potency.
I had high hopes for these sheets. Bamboo is sustainable and I buy it when I can. I love the rich teal color which goes well with my rental's decor. But after just 6 months of use, the fitted sheet is pilling -- so these sheets are on their way to the animal shelter thrift shop. I guess it is back to cotton for me....
so small and guality not worth money
It is nice looking but cheaply made. One of the nails on the closing strap that attaches it to the chest came out after opening and closing it just a few times.
I'm a bit disappointed in the quality of these. I had to super glue the edges of the covers to the box.
It's large and heavy, good thing. Particle board that was already chipped, the corners were worn, even though it's brand new, bad thing. The mirror is nice, no warping or distortion. Storage: Earring storage is awkward, the particle board used is thick so the earring backs have to be almost off the post for the earring to fit. The ring storage has small slots for rings, and then 10 bracelet sized slots, which is completely pointless. Bracelets are too large to put there, the door won't shut without crushing your earrings or the bracelets. Silly. The package arrived in great shape. I checked the box for scratches or punctures, all good. Wrestled it out of it's packaging and discovered that the original box from the warehouse had been crushed some how and the back of the jewelry case looked like someone had punched through it. Returning it is going to be difficult. It's a 6ft tall box and won't fit in my car. The damage obviously happened at the Amazon Warehouse, before it was packaged in it's shipping box. The company that built it tries to sell it as being proud of it being Made in America needs to understand that there is nothing good about crappy particle board frame and cardboard back that won't hold it's own weight. I was so happy to find a full length mirror and jewelry case that could be mounted or hung on a door, two birds one stone, but this product is impossible.
dose not sick to the tub good pops up
I must have missed where it said silver plated wanted solid sterling silver
When used to charge both phone and watch, the power isn't enough so it doesn't charge my watch all the way. It's a kind of a mystery to me how it simultaneously leaves my watch not fully charged and my phone very hot at the same time. I bought it to keep at my boyfriend's house but i just started not charging my watch so the more important phone doesn't get messed up. Even just charging my phone, it's a bit finicky and takes several attempts in angling/placing it right to get it to start charging. Wouldn't recommend.
Does not work as well as I expected.
Cheaply made, not very sturdy. I do not maneuver it but keep in a fixed position due to its fragility
This dustpan and brush is only good to sweep up larger pieces of rubbish. The plastic lip is not made well so does not sit flush to the ground. Thus, small particles of dirt, dust, hair, sugar, etc get swept under the dustpan instead of into it. I had a Rubbermaid brand for years and will purchase that one again to replace this one.
So disappointed in the colors and quality. Arrived bent in several places. The colors are dull and doesn't look like the photo or photos in reviews.
I was looking for an Extra large organizer for my closet and this was way too small. It looks more small than Extra large.
The pillow got really hard and gave me neck pain after a couple of weeks. It just gets flat and hard on the side ur resting ur head. I would not recommend it to anyone.
This product had a defect in it and I had to send it back. I eventually got my money back through Amazon but it did take some following up in order for me to get my full refund. I actually think it is very pretty if you have a good spot to put it in. Unfortunately it did not work out for the area I was hoping to put it in.
The bed shaker didn't last long, stop working... could not get a refund for this product..
These wouldn't even hold up ten pounds. Waste of money. I'll be returning these.
I liked it but a corner was broke
This could be a good product, but its poorly designed. This is my 3rd time buying one of these and they always seem to leak after a few months. I ended up buying the Hoover power scrub deluxe and thus far find it not only cheaper, but easier to use and handle. It cleans just as well (if not better) than this model.
Well, I guess you do get what you pay for with this frame. It isn't very sturdy and it's missing parts. It is serving it's purpose as a guest bed where it's not slept on to often. No way could it hold up to every day or should I say night use.
light strip wouldnt stay up and very touchy . sent back
the zipper came broken... not much to say
When it arrived it looked like something for a doll house. I measured my old one to compare and it did not match up. I should have returned because I did have to buy another.
The quilt I ordered was not what I got. I ordered this item because I loved the one I ordered two years ago. This one isn't even close to the original. Seems old and all the colors are wrong. I may return or keep it as a spare. I still like that it is 100% cotton and lightweight, just disappointed that it is not what I ordered.
These are like half a foot long and like 3” wide....they don't even look like stockings.
Its pretty, but very thin and fragile. Hard to work with as it tears when taking off the adhesive backing.
I haven't installed my shelf because my power tool does not fit easily. The wire hooks are in the way of the holes l, so you have to have an extended tool of sorts to install. The shelf came with a small dent. Overall I was disappointed because the install is more difficult than I was expecting. I guess you get what you pay for.
It was ripped when I got it. :( Now I'll have to return and get another one.
It's dim and has poor viewing angles. Even with the size of the numbers, unless it's under just the right light, you need to be up close to actually read it. And the glossy plastic overlay makes things worse with horrible glare.
Looks nice but several branches have lights that won't turn on. Very disappointed!
You get what you pay for here. The material feels cheap and after one wash, they definitely started falling apart. I'm very disappointed.
I thought it will be better
It was great at first but became more and more difficult to take apart and clean. Pieces would get stuck, after a few months it was getting backed up and not juicing properly. I juice daily but would clean it after every single use. For a juicer at this price it should be working for years and years. I've had it for only 4 months. My last juicer worked for almost 4,5 years. Very disappointing, wish I could get my money back.
After reading reviews here & elsewhere, it sounded like this fan would move a decent amount of air. Turns out this fan is not very strong at all. I returned it & bought the Bionaire equivalent & have been satisfied with that.
It's nit the same when you have to put it together.
I LIKED THE BACK SUPPORT OF THE SET..I WAS DISAPPOINTED IN THE SEAT.I AM ABOUT 165 LBS AND I BOTTOMED OUT AFTER TWO HOURS OR SO..I BOUGHT IT CAUSE IT FEATURED GEL FOAM, BUT I FOUND IT NON USEFUL..A NICE LOOKING MATCHING SET..IT MAYBE BE EFFECTIVE FOR A LIGHTER BUTT..I ENJOY THE BACK SUPPORT ITEM..SORRY U-ARE PRODUCTS
... within a week of having the comforter on my bed, it ripped pretty badly along one of the seams (pictured). This is a huge bummer because other than that rather big issue, this comforter set is absolutely lovely and perfect for my wants and needs. I'm very disappointed with the overall quality of the stitching of the comforter.
The pillow was thinner than expected. Pretty cheaply made.
I received this wire shelf about 2 weeks ago and so far it has fell twice. I followed the directions to the tee, made sure the surface was the correct type, smooth and clean but still doesn't hold very well. I should probably return it but i'm too lazy.
Product lasted for about 3 months before it started to self destruct. Melted plastic. Not sure how it doesnt get hot. I assume it something with chemicals from oil. Cant open due to bonded plastic.
This was so cheap and small it was laughable! He couldn't even sleep on it cause it was so noisy.
Did not work like I had hoped. Looked unnatural under clothing. Also, lost too much of its stickiness to use a second time. I'll keep searching.
Despite two new batteries installed when I received the fan a few days ago, its power has been diminishing more each day. You get what you pay for obviously. Will work well for traveling... as long as you carry extra batteries with you.
Feels cheap and not comfortable
Disappointing amount of fringe
Pretty disappointed in this . It was one if the more expensive types of these beds and it is uncomfortable and unattractive. It feels like a hospital visitors bench . And the slip cover looks cheap. It's also heavy and difficult to move.
Worked great initially, then stopped working.
I used this in my office maybe for an hour or two a week and it stopped working after a year. When it worked, it was great. I'll try another one hoping this was just a bad unit.
After 3 years this clock gave up the ghost even after a new battery was inserted; it should have lasted much longer than this so I am now diappointed that I spent nearly $20. with this manufacturing company.
I ordered 8 of these for a class I'm teaching. Unfortunately 8 out of the 8 had watercolors broken in tiny pieces all over on the inside. I do feel it's a good product and is perfect for our needs, but maybe they need to adjust the packaging to protect the watercolors more.
I have purchased other types of moth traps and been successful these don't seem to attract them as well. Disappointed, as I still have an ongoing problem, but not finding a good solution.
Not high quality color on black hearts. Milk snob makes a better product. Also came with stain on it. The fit was fine and it would do the job but we are looking for a cute, quality nursing cover right?
much cheaper looking than it appears in picture. Looks like plastic. I will be returning
Sad to say, the metal clasp that holds the mop strands to the plastic handle rusted through in less than 4 months and is now destined for the recycling bin being rendered useless.
I don't recommend getting this in the 10x12 size. It came out so blurred you can't make out any detail. Would probably be ok in the larger size.
Be aware that this unit does not have a true HEPA filter. It has a HEPA type filter which is not the same thing.Do some research on air filtration; unless you have allergies or a lung disease, the research does not show any benefit. Buy a plant.
The product is of inferior quality.
I am underwhelmed. Despite pre-heating the carafe with hot water the best I get for warm coffee is 1-2 hrs....AT BEST And still need to put in the microwave. The lid and handle are plastic which came as a surprise. I have some time to make a decision to return but that is most likely the move I will make.
Still using them....but I would wish I had purchased a sturdier product.
After owning this rod for just a month or two, it is angling downward at about a 15 degree angle - the plastic brackets are way too weak to hold the standard weight of the rods and curtains. Looks nice at first, but now I have to replace it. Instructions were off. They said to align the rod 0 inches from the edge of the tub, which made it bow out too far over the front of the tub, hitting our bathroom door. Therefore, we had to move it inward about 4" - and had to repair the drywall.
It was placed in the wrong package so at first I thought the wrong size was sent. Then I took it out and saw the tag on the item was the correct size. It did not add any comfort and made the mattress feel hot to me. Also the color was advertised as white but this looked actually yellowish. The material was soft and item appears to be well constructed.
I bought the ornament as a Christmas gift for a friend. Before wrapping it, I opened the box to see what it looked like in person. It WAS/IS broken!!! Who do I contact to get a replacement?
Missing pieces upon receipt (pieces aren't nt floating inside the box they're just missing), looks flimsy. Covered in metal dust and some greasy stuff
Wasn't terribly impressed. Love the colour /shade variations but they are much smaller than expected, can be a pain to use, and don't stick well.
These bags are super thin. They tear very easily getting one off the roll, then may even split while you're juicing (if you put them in the juicer pulp catch). They are just not good. Sure they are 100% biodegradable, if they make it there with food scraps or juicing pulp in there...I cannot tell you how many you'll waste having them fall apart before you use them. Which makes these bags a waste of money.
The size and print kf this towel is lovely however it is not very absorbent. Fails in that department.
The fabric and construction are fine, the design is not. Unlike other sectioned bags I've used, these do not keep the items separated. The bags might work for washing/separating bras, but for ladies trouser socks - they all wind up in the same section, thus defeating the whole purpose of the bag.
Product looks great and easy to install but does not last longer than 2 weeks with high end new batteries. Either we got a faulty unit or they all are like that
I had the same problem as another reviewer here. No expiration date on package, yet my cloth was dried out...or something? In any case, I had to dampen it to get it to work at all. And even then it was not nearly as good as my old one I had of another brand. (February 2018)
I bought this product based off the reviews. Nothing wrong with it I just cannot stand the smell. When I first lit it the aroma was ok maybe because it was a new smell. Fast forward to the second and so forth of lighting the sage and I cannot stand the smell to the point it literally made me throw up
I tried to use some temperature function then it keeps turning on and off by itself. It shouldn't be like that so I'm returning this out. Also it is very noisy. I have very old window fan but it's much quieter than this product.
Product stopped producing foaming soap after a few weeks of use; just started pumping out straight liquid.
Not the greatest eat quality looks totally different than the picture much smaller
Quality not good, don't think it's for outdoor use.
Received this tree and was initially very disappointed in the shape and appearance. It has a lot of leaves but they quickly began coming off the plastic spines. Took me forever to find where to put them back on and every time I move the tree more fall off. The leaves are cheap and It is almost impossible to bend the branches out to make it more realistic. It's back in a corner behind some furniture so guess I will live with it as it's too difficult to return items this large.
The product looks ok, although its not at all even. It's very wobbly on the back bar, & no way to tighten it. All together, it's a pretty inferior jewelry display.
The hygrometer is unfortunately useless. EDIT: The seller was kind enough to refund me and send me an upgraded unit. The hygrometer on the upgraded unit functions poorly, which is an improvement over the original that did not function at all, but is still rather unhelpful. As a seller though, they have been prompt and generous, so I guess it might be worth a roll of the die to see if you get a good one. Double Edit: I've had this on my desk for a couple months just using the thermometer. About a week ago the hydrometer started to work. I haven't had a chance to test the accuracy, but it at least trends up and down with humidity trends, which is usually all you can expect from these type of meters.
I bought this almost 2 month ago and just now got around to setting up the machine - unfortunately I have come to realize it is missing a weeding tool - has a marker instead.
Did not come in the package as advertised. Came in a plastic bottle with a child safety cap and was wrapped in plastic. It dripped inside the box. The product itself works just fine.
The design was not thought through here. The soft tip leaves hairs in my glassware.
I've had these sheets for just over a year now. Over the past few months they've started to tear in small places, which turn into huge holes. I'll never purchase these again, as they are not durable at all. Very disappointing.
I really liked the design of this product - but I've only had it for a few months and have now had to replace the batteries three times. This makes no sense to me since it's a clock and should have a more sustainable battery life. Not sure if I've received a lemon, but if not - this is very frustrating.
Work for 3 months non stop. One fan stop spinning and motor was humming. Good thing it didn't start a fire. And the other one spin but got really weak. Soo had to trash them. Waste of 20 bucks imo
wasn't very good, half of them didn't spray
It bunches up after each shower and is really flimsy.
Too much of a glare on the center mirror no lighting on the outside
the color is true but no matter what i did i wound up with red spots. i wont use again.
The tape is fine, although the rolls are smaller than I expected. However, it took a month to arrive. I did not like that when I placed my order it was listed as Prime and then took so long to arrive. Check the seller before you buy.
Can't be used alone because too wet. Must be used with cloth or tissue to dry.
I love this clock looks exactly like the picture - however after putting a battery in and adjusting the time it does not work - can you please replace this product with a working clock function.
Very hard to inflate Then, even with both inflation holes sealed, the air still leaked out. Very disappointed in these pillows-I bought two.
Good quality decal but sticker was crooked because I measured to install not my first decal job either
These are only okay - it took two of these sheets stuck to each other to hold a basic 1" refrigerator magnet. I would not recommend for the price.
I received the diffuser today. I never expected real wood, so I am not surprised nor am I disappointed with wood-appearance paper covering. The Amazon box containing the product showed no wear; however, the box inside containing the Zen Breeze was smashed and torn. The unit itself (inside the box) was scratched in three places. At first, I thought that I had received a used Zen Breeze (maybe as a previous return), but other than scratches (and one triangular spot that resembled patchwork), the product appears new. Due to its modular design, there could be a mix of new and used. As to performance, I will update this review after the individual receiving this as a gift actually uses this diffuser and provides me comments.
Product was not fluffy. It feels flat.
The frames are very nice and well made. However 2 of my mats were stuck to the glass and ripped the mats when I tired to remove them for cleaning. Seller has refused to follow up with my email, so therefore the low rating. So low rating it is since I now have to go find a new mats and hope that they match.
I think maybe, I expected too much, but I don't like it. Actually I like ModPodge much better. This product turns yellow quickly
I wanted to like these but they made no difference in my shoes sadly
This was a great trash can.....until the lid stopped closing the second week we owned it. now we just have a really expensive trash can that doesn't work!
The air is not really cold. I expected it to blow more cold air even if it was just for a personal area. Its basically a small fan.
The paper quality was really terrible! I wasn't expecting anything amazing but this was very disappointing. It has a very gray tone and feels exactly like construction paper.
Works ok. But the rubber inside the opening is too hard I have had two bottles slip.
Showed up cracked. It was in a hundred pieces. They wanted a photo. But the glass was tossed out. I'm bummed.
very ugly, they look like shower curtains
This was a lot smaller than I expected. It moves so little air that I don't believe it is suited for any size room. I think I spent $80+ on this. Complete waste of my money. In past month and a half, I have not had to empty bucket a single time. My other full size dehumidifier collects 3+ gallons per day. I regret this purchase. 2 stars, insted of one, because it is quiet.
Very very small, pictures are deceiving.
I had the last generation of this vacuum and LOVED it. I recently had to replace it and automatically ordered this one thinking I would love it just as much. I didn't. There's a piece of rubber behind the brush (probably to help suck everything up) but it doesn't and makes it so that you can't vacuum in the normal push-pull pattern. If anything gets behind the piece of rubber it won't get vacuumed up. And, the suction was disappointing. It left a lot of crumbs and such behind.
Extremely thin, loosely woven. I fear these will snag, pill, and generally not wear well. I bought 2 towels of this brand, one this coral/peachy color and the other navy. The price was outstanding, but I'm planning to return these and try for a better quality.
Ordered a white frame but received a black frame with white mat.
While not a deal breaker, it's important to know that the soap bottle is permanently affixed to the overall holder. So, it's not like you can separate it out. Seemed a bit weird to me but I kept it anyway.
I needed jumbo bags for my comforters, so I was very excited when I got the jumbo bags, which were relatively well priced too. They were beautifully packaged, and I couldn't wait to try them. I used the first bag, and it worked very well. I was anxious to clean all my comforters and store them. I had my fingers crossed that it would work out perfectly as all the reviews. In less than 12 hours, I returned to see that the first bag had almost completely re-inflated. I am so disappointed that I don't feel like trying a second bag so unfortunately, I have to return them.
The color isnt as expected or pictured. Sending the item back. We wanted walnut and got more of a whitewashed hardwood.
These will not fit more then 2 bras. I put in 3 and it fell apart in the washing machine
sheets look nice but there was a stains on them like pizza grease? and the plastic wrapping was all shredded. sad.
Right out of the plastic it smells like smoke
This humidifier looks great. The mist coming out is very nice and the ionizer makes it feel clean. The problem with this is that the translation in the manual is very confusing. Most sentences don't make sense and you have to guess at what they are saying. Also, the backlit dial (see photo) is in Chinese, so between this and the confusing manual, we don't always know what the actual settings are.
Neither the sink nor the bath shroom worked in my bath or sink. I am not going to pay the postage to return it, but I suggest you find out first if it will fit your set-up.
I returned these because they R burlap material (that brownish color), which makes the red look orange. They R a good value if this color scheme goes with UR Christmas Decor, plus easy 2 use......just cover UR normal throw pillows. Just not what I wanted & did not go with my Christmas decor.
Used it in many ways, I ended up with neck and back pain, had to put it aside.
it's just a dog bed not suitable for human weight but still comfy i guess if you want this buy a dog bed from petco and take the cover off
Good product as far as an ancor... however... screws break and are not made to last. If you want this product to last... use the anchor but buy your own screws.
Returned item. When opening, it appeared to be previously owned or used. Was not in its original packaging. It did not work when I plugged it in; so it was immediately returned.
The mitts are very bulky & difficult to manipulate. And somehow I missed that they're higher maintenance - need to be hand-washed (thumbs-DOWN in my world)! I certainly wouldn't consider these as "giftable." I've recently seen other oven mitts by Cuisinart that lay FLAT with openings at both ends which, I suspect, will be much easier to handle & won't be nearly as thick/bulky hanging on the side of the refrigerator which is located immediately next to the stove.
I bought these utensils 4 months ago and almost all of the handles have split in two just as the pictures in the other reviews show. They're nice when you first get them, but don't expect them to last.
These are soft and comfortable but not as big as they appeared to be.
This thing barely puts out enough heat to warm your hands on. I wanted to put it under my desk to warm my feet; I can warm a region of one foot at a time and it's impossible to tell if it's on from like 8 inches. Wish I'd listened to the reviews and bought literally any other heater.
Canvas is incredibly wrinkled Very small print - hard to see numbers at times Mistakenly purchased without frame
I had really high expectations going into this purchase. I really wanted to add color to my bathroom and this matched the curtains and rugs I also purchased. This set is working fine, but I had hoped for better quality. The trash can is extremely small, the toothbrush holder does not hold toothbrushes with wide handles, and the soap dispenser seems generic to push down and use. The color plastic portion feels quite sturdy and well made, but the silver parts seem flimsy and not as great as I'd hoped for. I'm using it currently and hoping it grows on me and works out. Some things are just difficult to purchase online without seeing and holding in person, but live and learn. Still a decent usable set but I feel it is better suited as a starter bathroom set.
Tiny tiny tiny...it all came in a 4" x 4" envelope. Not what I was expecting.
It's broken and leaks. Several cracks inside and out. Disappointed.
The weight of the curtain is good, it's decently thick, but that's it for now. Time will tell if the grommets don't get rusty as promised. The plastic off-gassing smell after removing this from the packaging was atrocious, and it lasted for at least a few days. Take note: The magnets in this curtain are completely useless and that is pretty essential to keeping the curtain from puffing into you while showering. This is a heavier weight curtain, but it will still puff in a bit with nothing keeping it attached to the tub. Eventually I snipped open the little housing that they are sealed into, removed them and put in my own neodymium magnets, much better now. There are only housings for three magnets, but five would be better. My old curtain had five strong magnets and it was great, except for the grommets getting rusty and staining the white shower curtain, pretty lame. Just to test, I put one of the original magnets from this curtain on the fridge, and it slid all the way down the fridge. Come on people, if a magnet won't stick to a fridge, it's not going to stick to a tub with a thick piece of plastic in between. It is highly disappointing that manufacturers cut corners like this. Blah. Rant over!
I've had them since January. I often woke up sweating in the middle of the night and didn't sleep well. I thought it was just my room being too warm until I switched to a different pillow few days ago and noticed the difference. I'm not sure if it was because the feathers kept me warm or if I had allergic reaction to the materials/chemicals in the film. Also, the pillows pressed down quite thin where my head was and thick on the sides. I had to double them and fluff them nightly, and move my head around to thicker areas in the middle of the night. Not restful sleep. I would have returned them but the return period ended soon after purchase.
Really disappointed... The elephant print looks nothing like the photo... It's vertically distorted and gets cut off at the sides.
Came off the canvas fabric.
Product came in a clear plastic bag in an Amazon box and I'm assuming must've been a used return. There was no brand, no label, no instructions. I've since learned it was also missing pieces: twist screws meant to hold it in place. It will not stay in place on my couch, but I'm guessing that is due to missing pieces. I also hear threads snap as I try to stretch it to my couch.
Poor quality material not sturdy fell apart in less than a month
Tree did not come with a pot. Very disapointed
No scent at all. I'm half way done already
I thought the flowers seemed really cheap. I would not buy them again for the price.
Very disappointed in this pillow...after 6 months of use my neck started hurting and I wake up more often than not feeling like I slept with no support. Had bought one of these pillows several years back and it lasted almost 5 years. The second one failed me completely. I won't be spending the money on another one.
As of yesterday the motor is about to go down. Bought in July of 2018. My other vacuum is a Dyson and I've had since 2009. Still going.
THIS WAS NOT THE REAL THING , IT WAS A FAKE, WAS OF MY TIME . NOTIFY AMAZON WAITING TO HEAR ABOUT GETTING A REFUND. NO SATIN WHITE RIBBON, NOT EVEN IN SWAROVSKI BOX BUT A KNOCK OF OF A BOX. NOT AT ALL HAPPY WITH THIS PURCHASE.
Was not right for vacuum. Was not right filter.
Didn't hold up but a could months before failing to charge. Meanwhile Apple cords I have have lasted years
Not good for plucking eyebrows. This mirror does magnify, however the mirror design is concave so you can't really see anything unless looking dead center at it. Very disappointing.
I ordered 2 packs of these. The first pack was fine. The second pack only had 3 of the listed items in the set. Not cool.
Died after one month and now no longer in stock....was good while it worked though
To short for our table. We order two table clothes. This one was too short. The other one fit perfectly. The border shows of the measurements.
First impression is good upon viewing and and handling the item.The build quality and visual appeal is great, however the product is terrible at it's intended function. I've had very similar issues to the other reviews, very disappointed for the price and first impression before using. The shipping time however was superb.
Bought this back in fall of 2018. Worked good for a while and then started making my lights flicker and would take a really long time for the lights to turn on. Had to finally replace it with a new switch (different brand) and my lights are no longer glitching. One thing I never liked about it was that the wall plate was too lit up and I had to cover it to sleep because it was too bright.
When i went to cut my project i realized that the vinyl was only 10.5 inches wide not 12 like it said it was... Very dissatisfied..
Whoever designed this definitely started production before actually trying to put wrapping paper in it.
Tarnishes pretty easy. Turns neck green. Not high quality at all. But I do love how it looks for the first week or so. Nice pairing for copper necklace wiring. Just wish it wouldn't tarnish so fast :(
It had a lot of broken tread holders. Many were in a roll. I barley had enough to hold all my markers. No room for extras. I wouldn't buy this one. It's just that I purchased a different package that was a set and it never came. I saw it go on sale and so I expected mine to come soon, since I was waiting a long time. Then it said this package was no longer available. So I called and they forgot about me. So they try to sale me both and it would cost more and so they gave me one for free on how long I waited and my troubles. And I was excited, but then I opened it. Not again.
It's Cheap quality silk. I have had better SILK. This one is very thin, and snags you fingers, know what I mean?
The dye leaked out heavily for about 10 washes.
These have lots of rough edges and splinters around the joints and shoulder notches. I bought these to diy as gifts, but I have to sand them down so they won't be as likely to damage clothes. I wouldn't want a closet full of these, they're not worth the trouble.
Sure it protects, but the top edge after a day the adhesive refused to stick to the screen so there is a bubble. 2 days after that the bubble caused the screen protector to crack
Very hard to tie and get it to stay. It would keep untying.
Not good quality for the money you spend.
I misunderstood description. Says it's not backwards, I thought they meant final product was not backwards!!! Nope! Mold isnt reversed so the letters come out backwards. Ordering another one now. Very disappointed!!
Unfortunately, this basket lost its shape due to watering and the rain. I have tossed out.
Did not get the sheets and pillow cases.
The slots in the mat are too close together, they're low to the sink and they're not much better than a Rubbermaid flat mat, disappointing.
Thankfully someone else commented about taping them shut or this would have been a total waste.
Very pretty. However it doesn't turn off. The only way to turn off is to unplug and risk spilling hot wax on yourself.
Every time I've tried to use this so far, I have had issues with it the power cutting out or the main brush on the bottom not spinning. When it stops, I try to turn it back on but it will not power back up. If I place it on the charging base, even for a few moments, I can remove it and it powers back on just fine until the next time it powers off. When it's actually working, I really like it. I'll be contacting customer service to see about the issue, I've had good experiences with Eufy's customer service in the past, so I expect that they'll be able to help me figure out the problem. When they do, I will revise this review accordingly.
I have had this for 4 months and while the overall construction feels nice, the pins that hold the case together are not either installed right or the engineering of the hinge construction is poor. As you can see in the picture one pin fell out (can't find it) and the other one is beginning to move out.
Item was not shipped with adequate protection in the box, and two legs were crushed on the ends.
Easy to maneuver around, but it didn't steam very well compared to my old Shark steamer. I returned for refund. So to the lack of steaming I gave it 2 stars.
It works, but it feels like a plastic bag. I put my old mattress protector over it, and it was fine after that.
I don't think these do much of anything. The directions said to take the unit apart after 5 days and run water over....too much maintenance for this kind of item ... who remembers to do stuff like that?
Was unable to get used to the weight - I purchased the 20 lb version - I weigh 180 lbs but should have bought the 10-15 lb version
This item came and the mirror was not attached to the case. It had fallen off. Very cheap looking. Very disappointed as this WAS going to be a gift. 😔
Won't stay in position for cleaning sides of tub.
Is for everyday clean up. Even on high, does not deep clean. Would not recommend for busy households.
Does not stay in place on my chair at work and is constantly falling down in-between the bottom seat and back of the chair. Drives me crazy as I have to keep adjusting it as it keeps sliding down. Company did refund my money immediately once I told them what had happened with their item. I didn't even ask for a refund so they are reputable. No questions asked.
Smells nice but the glass came shattered!
My dog liked it but chewed a hole in the stomach within 5 minutes, not sturdy at all. And he is a 10 pound papillon mix, so not a huge dog.
Two of the bags broke and it was also late even with express shipping
very light like toy with cheap plastic, didn't sweep much like what they advertised, still need regular broom or vacuum to finish the job. So why bother use this one
Really a lot smaller than it looked.
Haven't used it yet so review is based on the container of the product. It arrived sticky with some kind of residue all over it and the label peeling off.
Sorry, this doesn't fit my chair very well and my arm is laying on it and it feels like plastic. uncomfortable.
I really like the fabric and the price of these sheets. I have had my set for just a few months and the stitching is coming apart. The sheets fit my bed well, not particularly snug but well enough. I am disappointed that they are falling apart.
These say egyptian cotton but they are heavy and hold heat..nice quality sheets but not what you would expect for egyptian cotten.they are not soft and silky like I had expected..If we had not slept on them I would have returned them.
For the price, it's not that bad. Understand tho that this is NOT easy peel. This is one of the worse peeling vinyls I've ever worked with. I spent more time trying to separate the pieces more than anything.
Was very excited to place everyrhing together.. but realized that package missing clock hands!!!!! So disappointed at that moment.
So disappointed in the scent of this candle! I was specifically looking for a CINNAMON scented candle...this was no where near a cinnamon scent! It's got a sickening perfume-y scent. I wanted to put a Christmas arrangement around the base of the candle & put it in my Mother-in-laws room at the nursing home. And I wanted the candle to have a nice Christmas-y cinnamon scent, not an old lady perfume scent!!
I wanted a different size. Need to return and reorder to get a QUEEN Size.
This weather station has great features, except the temperature is always 4 to 10 degrees higher, so, is not accurate. Reviews say this is due to the backlight. If I don't use the back light, I can't see those great features, so what is the point? Disappointed!
I was so excited when it arrived but then I opened the packaging and saw the weird print, I was confused. I ordered the Grey - Stars..got one with the weirdest print ever! Random candies, candy cane, cake..I mean what? That wasn't written in the description. I would have given it 1 star cuz it should be mentioned the print was random but other than that, it is a really soft material.
I've never owned a Yankee candle that smelled so weak. I purchased 2 and both had a very faint scent
These look nice but are not lined and the light shines through I wouldn't consider these to be blackout curtains like it says
Too stiff, no give and too big. Kills my back!!!!
The item that arrive looks nothing like the item in the picture. It is subpar at best. It does not drape down as depicted in the photo. I'm very disappointed.
The zipper broke the first time we put it on the bed we had to buy another when we had to take that one off because that one got peed on by the dog lol
Used to store a mattress- it was too large for the correctly ordered size, and when I needed to access the item again, the item was not useable and was a waste of money that I don't have. :-(
Rope broke hoisting down bike after 2 months of use. Asked supplier if they would send me a new rope and they mentioned it's past their warranty period so I'm now directed to contact manufacturer.
Most of the plastic stencils arrived cracked and torn making them useless.
WERE IMPROPERLY SEWEN
I don't like these because the spring tension is too strong and the way they fit together, the top has sharp side edges and overlaps the bottom part and due to the tension, doesn't seem like it would be good for my hair, like it would damage and/or break it. Maybe I'll use them for vise-grip tools or something...
Case cans in very quickly. Also is a very cute charging case, it's thin and charges your phone pretty fast. Only issue with this case is it doesn't close entirely, so when I do have it on I have to hold my case the entire time.
bought this for my 350 sq ft garage, takes 4-5 hours to modestly heat the room, very loud. Need to turn it off to talk on the phone. Drain basin fills quickly and needs to constantly be drained. Would not recommend. Bought a small infrared heater for 1/4 the price and heats works better with less noise.
I wouldn't personally recommend this decal. You have to peel each letter off individually. The letters rip very easily and it takes a lot of time to put on the wall.
This item is definitely NOT real and chocolate. It's more of a real/gray and BLACK. And there is a hole in the comforter:(
Definitely not “heavy weight”. Considering returning because of cost to quality ratio not being up to par.
Purchased this product in the summer of 2017, to use in my attic. March 2019, I went in the attic to add items to the garment rack and the fabric just fell apart when I touched it. I had noticed a hole and wondered how that got there and my curiosities were answered when I went to unzip the thing. My suggestion, if you're wanting something to hold up longer than under 2 years (not sure when it started to actually happen), use the money you would use for this product and put it towards something more durable.
This is a really cute duvet cover and the zipper is convenient however after 1 week of use it looks really faded. Very disappointed but you get what you pay for I guess.
These sheets fit very well, but I do not believe that they are actually Egyptian Cotton. If they are they are the roughest I've slept on. They were great at first, but after washing they were not near as nice. The starch was washed out in the wash and they were no longer as smooth.
The quality of my previous blankets were so much better. This one is not as soft and feels cheap. I will not be buying another one and I have used this brand (they changed their name) blanket for over 15 years. Disappointed does not begin to describe how let down I feel by this brand.
Doesn't hold time well.
It's really poor quality, you can find a similar product for half the price or less in Chinatown. The overall look is not that bad but I don't recommend it.
Makes noise on high.
Filters the water nicely, but the flow of water is very low. Water tends to trickle out rather than flowing consistently from the spigot, and this happens even when the lower receptacle is completely full. I have tried reassembling and cleaning, but it doesn't help. The top portion of the canister cannot hold water while the bottom portion is full. This is my biggest complaint. You wind up with water leakage everywhere if you do have it full. The design makes it so that you have to refill more often, which is a pain. They could have made the design more leak proof so that you can take full advantage of the top filling compartment and the bottom water storage compartment. Also, there is no indicator of when you should change your filtration system. You have to be good at monitoring the timeline, which for a busy person can be a pain.
The speaker system in this clock is very bad, sounds tinny. For the price of this clock and the Bulova name one would expect better.
I wasn't expecting much from this rug, and still I was underwhelmed... The threads are loose in several spots, and there aren't enough to cover the white base/background in other spots. My son loves Chase, so we are keeping it. But had I seen in person I wouldn't have picked up.
cheap, poor quality sleeves ripped easily. Also did not notice they did not come with hole punch.
Not bright and not like the old ones
I was looking forward to having a cute lil pill organizer to help me remember if I've taken my daily medication or not. I picked this one because it was cute, travel size, and I was able to get only one instead of other similar products that come in a pack of three which I would never use. Unfortunately, even at the low price, this was a complete waste of money for me. The thing is nearly impossible to spin which is extra bad because you can't actually open it from the top to expose all seven days at once. I would spend probably 15 minutes trying to put two pills in each day slot because of the difficulty to operate the dang thing!! I got it to make my life easier and it didn't do that for me. I gave it away at a silly holiday gift exchange because the return process is a hassle as well. I did rate this as being very durable though, it's a pretty thick chunk of plastic and difficult to maneuver so if you ever needed to like... throw it at someone it would be probably good for that!
Doesn't smell like anything except wax but with a SMALL hint of cookies? Super disappointed, I needed a bit of “home” here in NY. Gave 2 stars because The packaging is nice
The Laundry bags are large but the colors that we're shown in the picture are not the colors that we're sent. When you order these laundry bags, you cannot choose what colors you want. The vendor will just send you your Laundry bags that you purchased. That's sucks, because I thought I was going to get the colors I saw in the pictures since I couldnt choose the colors I wanted.The colors they sent me we're very light colors..I like dark colors when it comes to Laundry bags because they get dirty..They sent me Light Pink & A Light gray ~ REALLY!!! SMH. I thought they were going to send me Navy Blue & Plum color from the pictures.. I would not buy from this vendor again...
I installed this towel rod, decided to move it, and somehow rounded out both Allen screws taking back off. Upset with the quality.
We had to devise a telescoping center support for this board to work sufficiently. Also works better if mounted to a door that will be closed when the board is in use, otherwise the door and the board move too much. Wouldn't buy again.
Too hard to set the time!
The cupcakes dont cook the same in these. After one use they arent as sturdy. Hard to clean. Bright colors though
Smaller than I expected
Fits a lot in the bins and it's nice to be able to look through and view your things. Down fall was the locks, very flimsy and comes off bins, a waste.
Smaller then expected
Have had this for a year and is pretty cheaply made, but figured as much for the price. For smaller spaces this works nice but really can not store a whole lot in it. I purchased the Store-All Unit, the 12 bin organizer and the book wrack. All sub par material and rickety book wrack would be the only one I would think about purchasing again.
I have used this for a few weeks and I am not sure that it does anything at all.
This product broke after light use over the course of a year.
Disappointing. There were too many backs that were very small and difficult to use if you had fingernails.
Really disappointed in this set. Was hoping they were softer. I was looking for a jersey knit and was hoping this would suffice and I'm pretty disappointed.
Nice looking and functioning product, but the liquid soap leaks out of the top so I stopped using.
Arrived damaged (moustache piece chipped, moustache tilted off center). Still functional but appears to have been damaged before shipping, as it was wrapped securely in the box. Also somewhat dirty, with some kind of thin hair or glue in strings hanging off of it.
The design can also, the price is not cheap, the material is also general.
Cutter leaks. Pliers are good.
The item arrived all folded up and when unfolded it was lumpy and difficult to work with. In item description, it shows a nice clean roll. This is horrible. I would return it now, but I have to try and work with it because I need my project finished by next weekend. VERY upset..
Not very strong scent.
Pretty pointless product. There is nothing firm to keep this pillow in position. 10-1 prefer the airport pillow.
Not good for thick pans or large amounts, like family size cooking. Smaller portions would be better.
I ordered two of these pillows last year, and they are great. This year, I ordered another one for our other house, and a completely different pillow came. This new model is way firmer, and less cooling. Very dissatisfied.
It was bought for my daughter s birthday so I didn't open it right away but when I did let her open it for her birthday, it was a huge disappointment when pulled out two fitted sheets and no top sheet. Such a disappointment when we got them out to get them ready to use!!
Updated review, started to warp and lid doesn't fit right, now regretting decision to buy.
Took a very long time to receive them. Items were not packaged well, Battery died within the first two weeks. Im just glad I didn't pay a lot for them.
Not too happy.. clock hands does not turn .. it's just for decoration now
I loved this Lamp color and style, but it works only for one year.
Came broken. Informed sender. Never heard response.
The lights are nice quality. Each time I turn the lights on, I have to change it to the setting that I want. Would prefer it go back to the last used setting.
I used these key caps for the various keys I use at work. I wanted the keys color coded so I could identify them quickly. The key caps are in great colors but they don't stay on the keys. The caps twist and eventually come off the key. Really disappointed.
Extremely cheap thin materials. The tank cover didn't fit, even though I have a plain old normal toilet. But it was fine for two days of holiday guests.
Very thin not as described disappointed with this purchase
Comes from Wish.....
I thought it would work great for cleaning walls and ceiling in kitchen area, with a wood stove. Ended up using tsp, with a wash and rinse mop.way faster and more efficient.
Sent back. Size issues and it what expected
too small and the little one is useless. doesn't even make a decent bathroom trash bin
The on/off sensor doesn't really work after a couple of weeks, and the LED light always has a slight glow whether it's on/off. 2 stars because the light turns on when I plug it into the charger.
It was impossible to read the words after it was done
I purchsed the black/grey set of 4. These are not black and grey, they are brown. (You can see clearly in the photo attached, my old black placemats are beside the new ones purchased through this seller). They seem to be a nice material, but since I bought these to go with my color scheme, as most people do, Ill be returning them and won't find out if they are durable or not.
gets clogged up pretty quick
Really questioning the quality of this. Not even out of the package and the hook is broken off. Completely unusable.
not as good as an older model, does not focus like the older model.
It's thick but doesn't give you great coverage. Kind of gooey, not really worth using unless you don't mind having a thick layer of paint.
Old paper package stained by oil. It seems that it was gathering dust somewhere in a warehouse.
They got nubby after 3 washes (and I am the gentlest laundry person in the world) and I couldn't even stand to get into bed. They felt really cheap and polyester-y, which should not be surprising at the price, but I have found other sheets at that price that were wonderful. These are not. Not like microfiber at all. I can't come up with anything redeeming about these.
It cracked within a few uses. Not my favorite. Went to Wal-Mart and got a comparable product that works well.
Attractive but made cheaply and light.
Can only tie in the corners. Rest of the blanket dies not stay and slips in the cover.
The insert which is the memory foam is not soft. The outside that you slip the foam into is just not thick enough to cushion. The concept is a good one.
These were listed as not new but in great shape I generally go for new product only but thinking hey it's Amazon I'm sure they got quality control product arrived quickly it is the product as described and the product that I needed for my McCulloch steamer the only problem was that they arrived covered in animal hair
price is high for such a small item. returned it
Bottoms are not sturdy enough for heels and height between each row is not tall enough for most heels. Better for use of storing flats.
Was great for the first few weeks of use but now the silver finish is peeling off like cheap tape. Reveals a copper-type color underneath that is very off-putting and holder now looks/feels very cheap.
This comforter is pretty and looks like the picture but it not really a comforter at all. It's more like a several sheets with a thin blanket. Looks great on the bed but not functional especially in the colder months. Gave it 2 stars because it looked like what I expected.
I wish they wasn't shear, other than that they're perfect.
Broke down after 3 months of use
The pin backings are extremely hard to remove when yo actually want to remove them. Extremely disappointed.
Lasted 5 months and just stopped working.
Arrived sprayed all over box and broken cap. Good product, I'd just suggest purchasing from a physical store instead.
It leaked from the bottom when I filled it with water,just the usb cord no wall adapter was in Box worked 100 for about an hour then just went down hill from there.may have been messed with while shipping who knows cause box was open when received .when on high mode it loses power.
It says 5 pieces, and actually the curtains that drape are attached to the valance all as ONE piece. The tie-backs are separate. I needed to have 3 separate pieces, not one! I had planned to put the 2 draped portions on each end with the valance in the middle. That's not how it works! NOT 5 pieces, only 3! Very misleading. Will re-order the regular panels with the separate valence. Beautiful items.
Works great if you want a spot light on your child at night, when using the camera a huge light is on and makes it difficult for a child to sleep. Light is so bright it looks like the room light is on. Kinda strange but won't be using this camera. I felt absolutely horrible when I noticed this!
This is a good size for me because I sleep on my stomach, but it has a very strong chemical odor. I tried putting it in the dryer on air only with a dryer sheet, but it still smells! Not a good idea when you have your face in it.
warm... but.. you need to wash these before, at least 4 times... The lint that comes out filled up my lint screen alot...ensure to clean it before and after. After 4 washes I still have alot of lint coming out of them.. Do not wear pjs that attract lint, you will regret it.
These were too fake for me
I liked the look and concept of this product, that, along with a lovely evening with a bottle of bourbon encouraged me to purchase three of these.. Upon receiving them, I feel it is poorly and cheaply constructed relative to it's cost of $16.95 (I believe). Mostly concerning is the length of the extension tube; it is entirely too long: I believe that the first time a guest presses on the tube and not the top of the plunger/depressor assembly that it will catastrophically fail. I hope I am wrong, but it doesn't feel that way.
Pretty.... after the hassle of trying to get the little screw off to put in batteries...smaller than I thought it would be...You get what you pay for....
Returned....did not fit my king bed well!
Elastic bands are very weak so the sheet moves on the mattress, it does not stay put, it does not come out but is not a neat look After sleeping one needs to put it in place
these earrings look very cheap - they were a birthday gift for my daughter she is 28, these look like costume jewelry for children
I haven't even tried this product yet as I'm so annoyed at long it took to get to me. Over a month!
These felt flimsy, not strong at all. Returned
Falls over all the time. Very unstable
This is never how siser reacts to handling such as placing on the cutting mat.
Definitely not worth $100. While I must say, it does blow out a nice cool air flow, there isn't much else I can say that is positive. It glitches ALL the time. The bottom of the fan does not stay put together more than a week I would say. I'll constantly have it on 360 degrees of oscillation and it'll just stop moving by itself. “night mode” still shines the bright temperature. And finally, I've had this fan for 3 months and now if it is oscillating it makes a horrible creaking noise and slows down on half of the spin around. I'm mad at myself for not returning this as soon as it arrived. Definitely a good fan if you don't want it to function all the way. Minimal use for sure.
its all plastic, the pegs can hold about 5 pounds before they fall out. the hooks are too small to hold shovels. its good for brooms and such, but not for actual tools like it shows, unless you have super cheap light versions with skinny handles.
Well it looks good. I bought the supposedly charcoal gray however it is light gray. No big deal, it would have looked perfect, but it still looks good. We didn't need the straps. Product update: Well it has been a few months and now it has already falling apart so I have had to change my rating. I have not even put it in the washer yet! My husband just sits on it a few hours a day and he is of normal size, in case anyone wondered. The tape like substance in between the seams just unraveled. My husband fixed it with duct tape, but when it is ready for the trash I won't be purchasing a replacement from here.
The shears came promptly. A couple issues. The length is 84 inches, but to put a brace in the middle to support the rod it has to be mounted above the trim. That makes the curtains about 2 inches short. One curtain panel has two flaws in it. I wanted the curtains hung for the holidays so it's up with the flaws. The curtains themselves I like the shear material. But, they do have puckers in them on the seams lines. I did iron them before hanging. For the price the quality would be somewhat appropriate.
Cotton is very thin. Most bath towels beat this for quality. Wears out quickly
Pillow doesn't get as big as it looks like in the pictures
I was surprised to see these sheets come without any packaging and in a white/clear bag. They look pretty cheap and are 100% polyester according to the generic tag. There aren't any brand markers on the pieces. They look as if someone made them out of their home. Single stitching on each item and cheap elastic was used. Edges aren't reinforced or anything. These are not what I expected nor do they look like the pics. I read all the "great" reviews, but that's nothing close to the set I received.
I like the looks of the clock. Unfortunately, I bought it on July 4, 2017 and the clock stopped working on November 2, 2017. (And, yes we checked and changed the battery). I am very disappointed and dissatisfied with this clock.
The foam does not stay in place. In theory, this is a great item- in reality, by the end of 2-3 nights, them foam is wedged in between the two mattresses.
Not very powerful. Noisy.
I can't recommend these snips. I have a difficult time snipping threads. They are very dull. I should have known to not take the cheap route when it comes to a tool that is supposed to cut something.
Only good thing about this curtain are the weights. Material is thin and rigid.
it arrived a few days before time, so that's good, but it was not what i was expecting. it was tiny, about the size of two quarters, and it was always crumbling. i will not be purchasing from this company ever again, but the only reason that i am not sending it back is because the gemstone is shown, but, like i said, it is very tiny i was expecting something about twice it's size, and was largely dissapointed. also, a tip for this company, to be more reliable, you need to both show more photos, as well as to have an object such as a bobby pin or a quarter to compare you item with. for those of you wondering what company i will be ordering from now, i will be using rock paradise. and for those of you wondering, i am not an advertiser. i am an 11 year old in fifth grade, and my favorite color is blue. so there.
Didn't last a year. When it did work, it worked good.
Only cleaned one area in an hour and then restocked to charge. Cleaned well but would take forever to clean a 4k sq. ft. house. Easier to do it myself!!! Returned.
Strap was broke, to cheap
Unfortunately this has a great price tag but.....the first thing that went was the plastic handle which was used to let the rubber grip mat down. I purchased mine in August and by November the roller mechanism inside broke so now it's worthless.
Never getting this package
I thought this vacuum was a great solution to clean my bedroom area. I turned it on for the first time and the hose collapsed in on itself. it is the thinnest cheapest hose i have ever seen that was not on a childs toy. i chatted with customer service and received a prompt reply and the offer to send me a replacement hose. if the new hose is a better quality i will report back and hopefully have a good review.
The first two times I used this it worked great. Then it started winding every skein not into a lively cake but a flat pancake. Makes it diffucult to justify the purchase if I don't have the ease of a ball that works. My yarn now gets hung up and tangled and I can't use the center pull at all. Would return but I don't have the box anymore and it's been 4 months since this is something you don't use on the daily.
It worked very well for the first month or so, then it started getting "lost" and not being able to find the docking station when battery gets low. Sometimes I have to search the house to find it dead somewhere. Also, when it sits on the docking station it doesn't always sit square so it doesn't charge. I have to put a small weight on it so the contacts touch to charge. A lot of trouble with the remote, it's supposed to operate from the phone but I kept having to reinstall the software to make it work. I gave up and just operate it manually.
The finish would risk damaging some polyester, fine wool or even fine cotton in my opinion. It gave me sharp small splinter in my thumb. If you're hanging old denim these would be fine. If damaging your clothes would bother you then be aware there's too big a risk in my opinion.
great fan, i love the how it looks and how quiet it is. unfortunately after a while starts rattling and needs to be replaced (every few months)
Not what I expected. Very flimsy plasic,they were also dark spots I couldn't get off with soap and water or attempting to scratch off. Yuck
they charge you for 12 but only ship you 1. if you want the rest of your order, you have to order them AGAIN (theyll eventually issue a refund for your first order). the bag was alright, but definitely not heavy duty.
micro fiber clings to your clothes and socks!
Just received this 3 days ago and the dial has not moved from 70° mark. I've had it both in open air while pretty warm out and in my compost pile for 2 days now and no change in temperature. I question the accuracy and am not sure if this is even functional. Will return and try another brand. I have added one star for eco friendly packaging- cardboard box, no plastic!
I loved that this doesn't have any kind of stand or station; it's much more discreet this way and I liked just plugging it in and unplugging it. I also liked that the filter is reusable. I didn't like that you either had to set part of it down (the motor part or the filter) or grow a third hand in order to empty the canister. Sound was tolerable until about 6 months when something it sucked up got past the super flimsy/cheap filter right in front of the motor housing (or something broke off inside?) and now it makes a grinding sound when starting or stopping it. Was very happy prior to that.
We just bought this with back to school items and some of the numbers are already going out.
never arrived. was lost so order had to be cancelled
Shady packaging, weak steam despite of the dual setting. Gonna return this soon
Not exactly what I was looking for for a out of tub bath mat but works for other purposes. Slippery when dry or wet feet step on it so not recommended for tile floors or ceramic tile.
Not sure what these were designed for, they didn't work for me.
Received item but unable to complete. Paint arrived dried up. Waste of money.
Not the greatest quality Brushes flare out after cleaning. Not glued as well as I hoped to it's base. However for the low price, it is as expected.
The measuring installation paper was wrong and so I drilled a hole in the wrong place. Very frustrating installation process!
Too small. Broke within a month.
Incorrect clips were sent with the rod. Ordered peg support clips and received the screw in peg clips. Had to reorder the correct clips, job delayed by a week.
My personal experience was not very good. I used a cuddle bug to run my die through using cardstock paper. The die didn't seem to be sharp enough to go through the paper.
don't have much of a scent at all, and hard as hell to get lit ... thumbs down
The fiber optic doesn't work. There is no light.
This was so well received and enjoyed by my granddaughter! She was thrilled with it from day one, however after about 4 months it started giving us problems and is now inoperable. We are both very disappointed! I am returning it.
Loved the way it looked. Zipper broke a month after getting it. Also duvet is kinda see through.
I purchased these to help while I was crocheting and they are terrible. I usually buy Clover brand which are great but found these at a much cheaper price so thought I would give them a try. These are much smaller then the Clover brand, they snag the yarn horribly and they don't open and close easy at all. I highly recommend you buy Clover or another reputable brand, these just suck. I do not recommend these at all!
Very soft and warm but broke after only a few months of use and the warranty I purchased is not responding to my request to have it fixed or replaced
I like the width & length,but not the quality. Didn't fit the claim
In ALL the diamond paintings I have done, this one by far has been the MOST frustrating..... I believe the manufacturer of this particular canvas should DO RIGHT by ALL those who have purchased this item.... For example, a refund would be a great starter. If I HADNT purchased a light box and received today, I would have thrown it out.... The dark colors/numbers are ridiculous to figure out what is what.... PLEASE do something about this in further productions of the dark colors, symbols etc!!! NOT a happy customer!!!
I was anxious to get this so I could start organizing my hundreds of photos. However, when I saw the big design flaw, I decided to return it. It has 2 handles with the opening in between. One of those handles is used to snap it shut. To carry, you use the other handle only. That handle is only attached to the case by 2 tiny plastic clips. The box is heavy when full. I cannot imagine those 2 tiny clips will hold up over time if you have to carry it anywhere. I have included a photo which will explain better.
Rubber on squeegee isn't cut perfectly so it leaves a streak on each swipe. It's a small defect but it defeats the purpose completely!!
Was great while it lasted which was only about 4 uses then snapped in half at the neck between the shaft and head. Seems like having the water tank on the head along with a wet pad causes lots of friction and shears the swivel connection rather quick.
It is not deep enough to have a half nut
Horrible shipping!! Unbelievable how they could not find a 24/7 open business that takes deliveries!
The light for the angel fiber optics lasted for 30 nights and then went out. I have to see if I can return it for repair or if I can request a new lamp. This should last more than 30 days!!
The suction power is not strong enough
Scratchy and thin. They promised soft and plush and they're anything but.
It is smaller than the photo. It cheaply made but it's a good mirror. I've never been able to lock it.
Seems to hold a lot of air inside, it became a nightly routine to release the air from inside of the of the liner. Which doesn't keep from contracting bedbugs if I have to open it and air can get inside.
Product only lasted three months before it simply stopped working all together.
The boxes were smaller than what is often sold in stores. It was also substantially more expensive that what can be purchased at the grocery store.
Quality is not that great(many imperfections in the fabric, and is not very soft), but for the price it is an adequate king size sheet.
I'm not impressed. The video from YouTube showed it cutting through the hard water spots like butter but it definitely didn't do that. I'll use it to clean until it's gone but won't be repurchasing. Too pricey to not do what they tout it to do.
I love this blanket. Only problem is I was shipped a full/queen and didn't realize till it was unpacked, unwrapped And trying to put it on my bed. I hate returns! Maybe it's the shippers and not the manufacturer! But the blanket is a beautiful!!!
Not happy with the over all look. Poorly done.
This was a lot smaller than I did expected.
Was so disappointed with this purchase. Ordered them for an event and when they arrived about 15 were crushed with little shards of plastic everywhere. Had to throw them away and my order was short! I spent money for them to be rushed to me as well so I had no time to reorder and I ended up giving them less than they requested. Will not buy again.
It looks so cheap and Material is too cheap
The design of the frame is cute. The frame color is actually more red than in the picture. The clock face I am sorry to report was installed poorly.
Just did not work nearly as good as I was expecting. Im going to give it to my daughter to see if it will work for her.
The most disappointing thing about these lights...says waterproof ...which lights still work but all of the Moroccan balls are rusted. This says can be used outside but not really ;(
It smells really bad and I can't get it to go away. Other than does what was expected.
These look great! However if you have a cat, they will hook on them and there are tons of pulls and runs now and it's only has been three weeks. If it were only dogs, these would be great. They do attach well and I like the detach and wash idea, however I think mine won't last six months due to the cat.
They really pushed the soft angle on this product. It's more of a heavy scratchy linen. It's otherwise a good apron, I just wish it were soft as claimed. I have washed it multiple times and it's still heavy and scratchy.
They would have been great but I purchased “used” and they were very dirty!!!!! They were for a wedding reception and unfortunately I didn't open them until I was ready To put them on reception tables because I was worried they would break in transit if I open the box. The bad idea I couldn't use them because they were filthy and I had no time to wash them and dry them and get them ready very sad!!!!!
Way too big and clunky for what I needed. Would be great for a large family!
It arrived incomplete , it's been 3 months and have not heard from the seller to send me the missing parts.
I didn't received my orders
The fit was small so order a size larger than you normally would!
This is the first gaming chair I have owned where the legs don't last. I had one leg break off a day ago and now another one has broken. Time to get a different brand of gaming chair.
The mounting strap broke the second time I placed the canvas carrier in the frame and the carrying strap broke within the first month.
I can't believe how small they are! And for the cost! And on top of that, the quality isn't good... this won't happen again!
First of all, there are no instructions on how to put this together. I figured out how to attach the handle, but the metal pieces you can see in the attached picture aren't pictured or mentioned anywhere and I don't know what they are for or where they belong. The manual is horrible. It includes carbon filters but doesn't tell you where they go or any instructions. Until I get some direction, I can't even use this. It might work, but how will I ever know if I can't use it. The company should make a user-friendly manual. If you e used a distiller before, maybe you can figure it out. I have not.
The stools themselves seem nice and are what I wanted but every one of them came damaged. One of the four is only damaged minimally. The other 3 have very noticeable dents. Don't buy these. Get them from someone who packages them sufficiently for shipping.
the pleats are non existent. pretty much just looks like a wrinkled white duvet cover. the pillows and bed skirt that came with it are nice though
I have installed many of the replacements this filter required me to tighten my filter holder much harder than previous filter replacements, I thought it was too tall as it leaked with the same tightening pressure as previous filters but after 3 times and using the wrench it did not leak
I like the organization part of this product however the suctions do not suction and they do include sticky backing but not enough for all the pieces . I'd go a different route next time .
They're enormous! Know your metrics vs imperial! Also, photo doesn't show thickness.
Using for our kid because they are so small.
pages in the album are skewed, upside down
Looked cheap, returned
I have had these pillows less than six months use. The shredded foam bunches up and makes these pillows super uncomfortable. I feel like I wasted my money on these and wish I could find the foam pillows I got at Sears years ago.
This was thicker than 3mm and didn't fit my charm. Also I feel like the style of clasp may come undone easily. I'm going to try a now traditional clasp.
I expected better suction.
Not only did this product arrive late (missed the birthday party by one day), I found the fabric to be somewhat flimsy and not at all cozy.
Out of the 5 one came broken. The first day another one broke and the second day we had them a third one broke. They are not made well especially for little children.
very thin and needs a cover which i bought separately - but what was most disappointing is that a year after i bought it - something went wrong with the clasp underneath and now it tilts dangerously to one side and as a result makes ironing difficult and i cannot place the hot iron on it if i need to do something else because i am afraid it will fall and break. i paid $34 for a made in USA label - and extremely disappointed in how the table has failed to last beyond a year. and we use it only once a week - but we do need to open it up and put it away when done. guess the clasp wasnt up to the job. never again.
So i was wondering why according to the description that it would not last an entering evening while sleeping on the cooling cycle for more than a couple of hours and then finally last night, I realized what was going on. The water was leaking out of the bottom of the unit. So unfortunately i have a defective unit and am planning to reach out to the seller about this. It cools for about thirty minutes now and then there no water in the reservoir. Instead it is all over my nightstand and floors. :( So much for staying cool through out the nights sleep which is why i paid almost $50.00 for this tiny fan.
These filters fit my Navigator Delux perfectly and were far more economical than most others I've seen. Unfortunately the set I received was missing the flat round filters, only contained two large spongy filters and two square allergen filters. Disappointing.
It broke at base right away but taped it in underneath to use it!
Doesn't really smell much like ginger flowers. Mostly just irritating.
I think the plant looks fairly realistic from a short distance away and I was very pleased with the appearance. The problem is that two leafs fell off right out of the box and they seem fragile. I wanted rubber because eventually they all get dusty and I want to wash them off. I'm not so sure how it will hold up.
This product is not sturdy at all. That is the major con but the fact that part are mislabeled make putting this together laborious. I returned and bought another brand and product.
These folders are flimsy. Since they expand to two inches you would think they would be made of more substantial material. They are ok for up to (maybe) 25 pages, but they do not easily hold the amount of paper you would expect them to. Notice in the picture that the folders have trouble standing up. I don't expect them to stand up by themselves, but they should sit more easily on the shelf than they do. The blue folder on the far right is much better made - wish I remembered where I got it!
Super cute but arrived with one foot broken off.
It is super cute and would be perfect for taking clean clothes out of the dryer if it didn't smell so horrible. I am hoping after it airs out, the strong chemical smell goes away.
Great idea, but they're so noisy if hung together. I could only hang 2-3 pair on each one because it was too difficult to remove pants from the side that faces inward and also difficult to remove lower pants while other pairs above the ones you want crowded them. Stick to single hangers for your pants.
I have no use for these. They don't fit my cabinets or anything else
These are okay looking but not absorbent at all, which makes drying your hands and dishes in the kitchen more difficult than necessary.
This vinyl just doesn't stand up to many of the other brands on Amazon (Siser Easy Weed, the vinyl frog, many others) and does NOT transfer well. I have a commercial heat press and have issues with this vinyl pulling and not transferring well.
The mattress tool that came with my dyson was flexible but this replacement one is not. I would not have ordered it if I had known that.
The frame is beautiful but when i opened the package the pieces at the bottom had come off so i had to glue them back on.
Not as pictured. I wonder if it's the same product ?
Cheap and broke after my son wore it once.
The broom is lightweight and the "teeth" in the dustpan work well. HOWEVER the broom comes unassembled without instructions in English. Assembly wasn't very difficult but not intuitive either. The broom broke during assembly and the dustpan will not stay assembled. I used it for 5 minutes and then put it in the trash. Not worth the money at all.
I had to assemble my easel using zip ties because it was missing bolts. It's usable, but I'm disappointed and concerned about the stability since I wasn't able to secure the tray with the bolt that was needed.
Towel rack did not come wrapped are boxed. One of the metal knobs in the end was off inside the box rolling around and the bottom is warped and doesn't stand strong or even.
I was disappointed because I was sent a pink and purple fan. And they were for my husband. So far one works but we didn't try the other one yet.
Extremely disappointed in the color of this comforter. The white is not in any way as bright as it is portrayed in the photos and it actually isn't even white. It has a pattern on it but dulls out the entire color scheme rather than a solid white which would have brought vibrancy to the comforter. Also, it is so flat and lifeless. I expected a more plush look. Overall, I am very disappointed in this purchase.
The bed skirt came with brown stains on it. Regardless, it does not seem quality at all like something you would purchase at Walmart. It is cheap so I understand that, but I will be returning and not ordering a replacement. Only recommend if you want something cheap.
Poor quality. Thought everything was metal but the end caps were not and came broken in the shipment as they banged up against the other end caps. Poles are kind of flimsy but will work with a light curtain on it. The rod wants to droop in the middle so the middle bracket is required especially since the rods are so thin and light. My previous rods were sturdy and supportive and I didn't need a middle bracket. Moot point as I am returning these. Just not the quality I was looking for. The brackets also came all scratched and the black paint was showing thru white in various areas.
Save your money. This is a very flimsy material. It is large and can hold a lot but it has no support. Material feels like my kid's play tent. Not worth the $$
Box was fully sealed in plastic, but the set was incomplete, no muddler.
Broom is fine but WAY too expensive. Found four 1/4 price at Target
The tape pulls apart length-wise. I don't know another term to describe it, but when I try to get a piece from the roll, only part of the piece comes off. I'm left with 3/4 of the piece length-wise. See photo. This is unacceptable, imho.
These looked great when they arrived, but lights started to burn out. They draw much more power than LED lights and just didn't hold up.
So i ordered 4 of these - just opened 2.. and there's some problem or the other with each of them. Most importantly, they 2 of them seem to have bent legs. On top of that, the top doesnt seem very sturdy - i can bend it with my hands, so i'm not sure how well it will hold if i placed heavy items on it.. On top of that, the finish is poor.. It seems like some poor soldering job and then a rough paint on top of it.. Too many things wrong with it so will be returning..
Super cute! Buttttt I've had it a month and it's already off by an hour.
Unless you constantly have dirty clothes there is no structure
Does not scrub stuck on dishes very well. i had high hopes with all the rave reviews but pretty mediocre.
First pictures showed storage bag with holes: no pet near storage bags! One thing: not let pet near storage bag, my cat got scared while I use vacuum on storage bag, cat jumped and made hole on bag, it is useless. Storage bag is perfect for small space and travel. I ordered JUMBO bags because I have many coats, jackets and blankets. Easy to use: half yes and half no. Half no means hand pump, it is hard to press, not good for people with arthritis hands. Half yes means my children will do it for me since they are strong and young. I recommend to use vacuum! It is easy and faster than hand pump. Hand pump is good for travel and in suitcase. EDIT: I added 2 more pictures. It seems vacuum storage bags are not good, not stay longer. I vacuumed 6 bags 3 days ago. I was surprised to see that bags gets bigger and it supposed to be shrink bags. I don't let my cats near those bags. I closed my bedroom so the cats are not in bedroom and vacuumed bags then put shrink bags in my small closet. It is hard to pull out since it is not good for arthritis hands. My children will do that work over again and make sure bags still shrink.
I bought this for use at a friend's wedding. The material was very flimsy and cheap and ended up being too small for what we needed it for.
I really like this sink set but one of the suction cups on the sponge holder doesn't work so the holder will not stick to the side of the sink
cheap and the glue doesn't really hold
I would not buy again. They look very cheap and are not very shiny. I didn't put them on my tree.
The only thing I like about these stencils is that the outside piece holds the stencil in place so little ones aren't moving the stencil while trying to trace. The pens that it came with are way too thick so you can't actually use them in the stencils as shown. They are ok for coloring after you trace with a pencil. The plastic and markers are not great quality. My two daughters (ages 2.5, 4), who love drawing with stencils, played with these once and never came back to them. You can find WAY better stencils than these.
Arrived bent. Needs to be in more sturdy packaging when shipped. Mine was just in a mailing envelope and it was bent in half.
Poster was creased badly. Shipping tube was perfect.
I have the Luxury Hotel and Spa towel bundle in the same cranberry color and they are perfect and so soft. So! I wanted a larger bath towel to have that matched them, but this guy sheds really badly. Now I use it in the car for my dog to sit on so that's pretty much how I feel about it. Womp womp.
Its a beautiful comforter but it ripped after I washed it.
Very cheaply made, handles ripped at first use. Material is very thin and our tree ripped right through it.
I was disappointed in this product. The adhesive didn't stick to my car leather, and the patch is coming off after a month. I'd have dine better with
It let's go of your brooms and you get hit in the head. Doesn't work.
My husband and I were really enjoying this fan, but suddenly, it started beeping as if low on water. It only took a couple of weeks. I contacted support, and they said it was the water pump needing replaced. It's a shame, cause it's a very nice design.
I have ordered this many times, and used to love it for my business. this last time I opened the box to see new packaging. When i tried to unpack them, all the cups were stuck together and it was a real struggle to get them apart. A few broke in the process. I see that the product itself has a diff stamp on bottom that now reads "made in China". I wouldnt mind if they were the same quality...attaching photo.
Returned due to color. More of a faded coral rather than the color shown.
These pillows were very flimsy and need more filling. I ended up doubling them up in a pillow case and still didn't look as stuffed as I had hoped. I should have known before opening the bag. The bag was very small
Too bad. I have bought this brand in the past and it has been really nice. This lot will not stay lit. The cone burns down about 25% of the way and then goes out. I suppose every company has duds but it surprises me considering the price. Poor quality control or perhaps the company is slipping. Too much of a hassle to return and I have written to the seller with no response. I will be buying another brand incense from now on.
Arrived on time and well packaged. Battery compartment was a bit tight for the required battery, but after gentle pressure it finally seated properly. Attractive and keeps fairly accurate time. Seal around clock components isn't very secure, which may lead to weather-related problems later. Died after a few months.
I was very disappointed on the out put of the air. I did return it the next day
I ordered a king set and was sent king pillow cases, sheets, bed skirt and a full/queen comforter. Not happy about that.
I gave this throw 2 stars for looks alone. It is absolutely beautiful. BUT it sheds like CRAZY. Every time we touch it, we come away with white fuzz all over our clothes. My couch also has puffs of white fuzz all over it. We aren't hard on this blanket by any means, but we do actually use it to cuddle on the couch while watching tv. We've had it about 7 or 8 months and I'm so irritated with the shedding, I'm getting rid of it. It's also snagged easily and pulled entire threads of yarn up multiple times. This would be a great piece of decor if you were going to fold it in a corner and never actually touch it. Beyond that, it's a terrible throw. I was very disappointed considering the price point, and that it was from an Amazon brand.
Just not as good as you would think with the thread count.
The steam ready time is way more than the said 25 seconds. It takes about 5 minutes! Otherwise, the product is good.
They crack at the end
Ripped in less than a week. Very disappointed because it's so comfortable and fits well.
Returned. Was nice, but not the style I wanted
The copper wall is way too thin. If you're braising this fitting in then, you have a to be skilled with your torches. The copper also bends to easy due to thin walls. I will not be purchasing these again.
So I wrote this wonderful review but after 1 day the vacuum kept saying wheel stuck and it would go around in circles then stop. I cleaned out any hair that might have been around the wheel. Didn`t work. I will be sending this back. Very disappointed and I really like the look of it.
Item arrived dirty and missing the latch on the box. Am disappointed. Was supposed to be a gift for tomorrow. It came in an envelope bag with no packing at all. Now i have to return it
Had high hopes, but just as another reviewer said, the support section in the middle flattened out after a couple of weeks (and it won't re-fluff). Also if you're sharing a bed smaller than a king size, then this pillow will take up your partner's head space. Do both of you a favor and find another.
I'm very disappointed in this! I had high hopes for a good fit since it had such great reviews, but it definitely didn't live up to my expectations. I've tried every which way to get this thing to fit properly and it just isn't happening. I can sort of get it to fit kind if decently, but then as soon as someone sits on it, it's all undone.. Also, the feel of it is not what I was expecting either. I thought it would be soft and comfortable, it's more polyester feeling and kind of itchy :( Although, I guess it's an improvement on the nasty pink color that the chair is.. Maybe..
Initially was moderately satisfied but now it has stopped working out of no where. I bought this in November and in February it has called it quits. For the money spent this is unacceptable. For that alone I would say go another route and purchase a different space heater. Now I have to figure out which space heater to get to combat these cold NY winters
It's not 12 inches wide as stated. The missing 0.5 inch surprisingly makes a bunch of difference when trying to cut designs.
looks very fake and cheap
This one didn't come with a box or paperwork. It might be a knockoff as I don't see any Hanayama branding on the puzzle either. I recommend finding it somewhere that has the official packaging. The puzzle itself is pretty easy once you Solve it once. Not too much replay value, but still fun watching your friends try and solve it. I've collected many of these mechanical puzzles and I would not rank it as a level 6 in difficulty.
Has ripped in a few spots after about 3 months
The three color LED one out will fit in a week no just plain white light little loud on the motor but it's a night light .
Some of the candles arrived broken, with glass fragments scattered throughout the box. I will admit UPS was part of the problem but the packing and lack of padding was the biggest issue. The candles were not shrink wrapped as described, they were in a box that was taped shut. That box was then placed in another box with some air pillows on top. That box was taped shut. There was no padding on the bottom and on 3 sides of the box.
Really disappointing quality
Not a great product if you are even half way serious about colors. Okay for a 8-10 year old that doesn't know any better.
Works as described. Watch the Youtube video. However, after sewing 6 pillowcases, the machine seized up. Trying all the usual things, I finally had to take the machine apart as illustrated in the instruction book. Neither I nor my husband can do all the alignments suggested, it is very complicated.
Worked well for the first month, then the thermostat started to gradually fail. The unit will still cool the bedroom (hence 2 stars), but only if we crank the temperature setting to maximum. Otherwise, the compressor won't turn on. No response from seller.
The spool received was not 100 yards. It was approximately 40 yards.
Much smaller than pictured. 1/4 the size.
Cheaply made, came broken - I'd shop around.
The material is not what I expected but it's a bag for in your bag so it didn't bother me too much.
Nice product but it is a shame that doesn't come at the maximum cleaning capacity. The pot I got came half way dry. It is a shame that the seller send something which is not 100 % as promised.
Sorry but this is a sad excuse for a rug! Looks like someone pasted fur (?) or whatever and was skimping on material. There is nothing to it, so cheap! Don't waste your money.
These pillows don't hold their shape too well. Not too happy
I really wish this mirror would have worked out for me. Unfortunately, it came broken from the back piece, which I let slide, but once I set it up...the LED lights would just flicker a quick on/off once I turned the switch on. I just returned the item. The mirror itself was beautiful as well as very clear.
I set this up for my Mother to use in her laundry room, and it collapsed almost right away. It was filled, but not crammed full or filled with heavy clothes. The whole frame twisted, bent and collapsed. We had purchased this rack because the stated load rating was higher than other similar units. Although it was very easy to assemble, I would not waste my money on it again.
Product arrived put together but the entire bottom drawer is cracked.
Right size but was not impressed. Returned.
Great item that installed quickly and accurately. After 4 months of using, it broke!!! Not excited to buy another over and over, will look into options direct from Dyson.
Low resolution and grainy picture quality
It was too tall for neck and too big all around. Would be great for the company to make smaller sizes.
hmmm, interesting project. First of all the chart is broken down by 'pages' instead of being one document. You have to flip back and forth to get to the color chart this way. Second, the material is the stiffest cross stitch material I have ever seen; won't conform to the hoop. Third, the chart says to use two threads of color which don't fully fill in the cross stitch. I am not sure how I feel about this kit. Will work on it for a few more weeks and see how it goes.
The characters are very sticky. My poor granddaughter had it struck in her hair. While soft and squishy the pieces are very sticky.
My shower was draining slowly, likely due to hair and oil build-up. I followed instructions exactly and this didn't make a dent. Green Gobbler fixed it all in one go. I don't recommend this product.
It does not have enough fibers to actually sweep. They're also very stiff.
I LOVED this mop. Bought it back in June 2017 and I used it nearly daily. I have a newborn, 16 month old and 3 dogs and all tile and wood floors so I needed an easy mop. Loved using it and recommended it to several people. I was disappointed when I went to grab it tonight and the handle on it was broken and the trigger wouldn't work. For $45 a mop I wish it would have lasted longer than 4 months.
Mine was not reflective and doesn't seem to block any heat. :(
Every single color had been opened and used. I should have paid more attention to the reviews. Shame on amazon for keeping this company as a supplier. Nowhere was there an indication that this was a used product.
These looked so nice in the picture, but they are much larger than you would think. I threw them away because with the type of knitting I do, with mostly worsted weight yarn (probably the most common thickness), they are much too clunky.
Good quality garbage can but very tiny in size. I actually ended up returning mine.
Great product, but didn't last past a month. Pretty expensive for a short usage. Wouldn't recommend.
I haven't opened the curtains from the clear packaging, but I can tell they are off white or cream and not a true white. I'll need to return them because I need bright white curtains.
its good at being a bottle opener but doent shoot well
They are smaller than expected and fall off the glass very easily and often. I wouldn't buy again.
The quality of the wood is fine (as far a poplar goes) but the wood filler which was used to fill gaps in the veneer is very poorly applied, usually just smeared across the board with evident lack of care. Because I am cutting the board into strips, I can cut out bad portions. If you need to use the whole board, look elsewhere for a better product.
Let's a good amount of light into the shower (which is why I purchased) but this thing is flimsy and weak and already tore at one of the ring holes. It also does not have magnets so this thing is going to steam billow up on you something fierce (which gives me all kinds of anxiety). Lightweight is not a feature, it's a bug. Oh well. Super cheap.
Very disappointed with these. They do not smell in any way like balsam nor cedar when they are burning. Usually Yankee Candles have the best fragrance. Wish I had not bought them
Took 18 days to receive... also they are slightly smaller than standard issue so when they are on the uniform you can still see part velcro. They'll do the job for now. I'll be ordering from a different seller from now on
Worked well for about a week- now only small amount of soap comes out, even when totally filled.
This item did not heat up to my expectations to warm a towel. Very dissapointed!!
needs more material....doesn't have overlap at middle closing
Candle no issues. Shipping yes. Delivered in a box with no wrapping or a single sheet of newspaper? No- that glass wouldn't shatter. The box states “free shipping” - does not state in one piece...
Not the greatest quality, 1 zipper completely broken & another the tracks were misaligned. But arrived on time.
I liked the unit at first. It was easy to operate and easy to fill. After a week it stopped producing mist. I sent an e-mail to customer service and got no reply ever. I cleaned it several times and it still didn't work. It sat for a few days and I tried it again and it started working again. It quit again after one day. I returned the unit and got a unit from a different company. That unit works fine and keeps on working. The good news is that Amazon makes it so simple and cost free to return a product.
They are to flat and stiff.
Really disappointed with these. I previously bought the longer ones and was so happy with those; the color was nice and they were full. With the shorter one, I feel, the color is not as nice and the are SO small and not nearly as full. I have bought the same size from Hobby Lobby that we MUCH nicer and less expensive.
Described as a wood sign. It's pressboard with a wood frame. Welcome and wood grain on sign are printed on. It's a mass-produced sign and cute enough, just not the plank of lumber I was expecting. Returning. Will DIY or find a local artist to make something similar out of a piece of real wood
I have order this previously (exact same) item etc. because I was pleased with the product, no idea what happened this dont measure up to the original product. Will not reorder:(
This bench was smaller than we expected- the dimensions are accurate in the description, just feels super small when we got it put together. Assembly was difficult due to the holes not lining up just right, and the shelves were slightly bowed. It was very creaky when sat on, felt like we were going to break it. Returned it and got a larger bench elsewhere. This would be good for children, or if you're not actually planning on using it as a bench to sit on.
Broke after a few months. Until then I really liked it. Can I get this replaced?
The wind is too small
When I received the pillow, some of the buck wheat was spilled all over outside in the box. It was a gift and I just kept it. I wish the pillow has generous amount of buckwheat... it only filled not even a half... Somewhat disappointed.
sent it back, had too many parts missing and I felt it wasn't worth it.
This product is much smaller than I expected.
It is pretty. It would also be extremely hard to use due to the VERY shallow dish on top.
They looked cute on the pictures arrived promptly but painted very sloppy over spray and chain for hanging cheap, rusty and one without a chain. Not worth the money I am embarrassed to give to the children.
I developed severe back pain a week after using these pillows. It was excruciating. They're fluffy and feel nice, but they aren't supportive or firm enough.
I primarily buy scented oils for use in my various warmers. When I opened the bottle, it had a very light scent, that didn't do anything in my electric warmer. A day or so later, I noticed that there was a layer of liquid separated on the bottom of the bottle, so I shook it to blend the two separated liquids. The oil was stronger smelling, but still didn't work well in my warmer. I tried the oil in an old tea light B&BW warmer, where more of the scent released early, but then was left with the non scented filler oil, that doesn't smell of anything good. If I had known this product was going to be this bad, I'd have bought from my normal candle oil place. The lilac scent also seems off. I was going to give 1 star, but since I figured out I needed to shake the bottle, and since I didn't try it in a candle, I'll be generous with 2. Not going to be purchasing again.
Does not look anything like the picture, if so I would have kept it. Cheaply made, faded colors, not at all Eddie Bauer quality. Very disappointed.
I don't like where all the stuff collects you have to change it out too often. The battery life sucks it took three to four charges for me to go over one sweater.
Updated: elastic has only gotten worse with every wash it is more stretched out. Fitted sheet will not stay put. Original review: I love these sheets but the quality of the fitted sheet is what makes them less than perfect. The elastic sewn into the fitted sheet is cheap, and does not hold the sheet securely on your mattress. It's constantly falling off. Otherwise, the material is great, perfect for hot humid weather.
I didnt pay much for this product so I guess the quality matches the price.
It seems like thin burlap with grommets. Not a refined look.
Not that good. Method of tucking in is ineffective.
ordered 2 sets and the first only had enough pieces for 10 cubes haven't started with the second set yet but beware to make sure you have all your pieces because I didn't find out until after the return date ended and now I'm out of luck
They're very small, and 1/2 of them had chipped tips.
I actually really like this set, it is exactly what I was looking for. however I've only had it a few weeks and the stitching is already coming apart in several different places. I'm afraid to wash it.
Lasted a few years of very light usage, now leaks all over the place.
Tips over easy. Would noy but again.
Simple to put together, however, the top did not fit into the main section. Have to drill a hole to fit the metal tines into the main section. I would return it but needed a tree a.s.a.p for our business. It is also not very cute in person. And it also did not fit into the base well at all either. Way overpriced for the "quality". Disappointed.
the OUTSIDE of the frame is 3.5 x 5 but the INSIDE of the frame is 2 15/16 by 4 3/16 so you lose a lot of picture; the frame is BEAUTIFUL just poorly designed
Didn't like this that much, won't need to buy it anymore it wasn't what I really wanted.
They are a bit flimsy. You will not be able to put anything with a little bit of weight on them.
Not siberian husky proof. Took my husky three days to figure out how to open it
They were a good size and what I was looking for but one of them was cracked when it arrived. I didn't have time to send it back so I just taped the handle on the cracked side.
Was a little disappointed that I was shorten 2 towels , I never count my items but for some reason I did this time n I was not give 24 like it says
I love the product but waiting 3 weeks - a month to receive the is a little extreme. I ordered 5 more but I will not order anymore unless they're shipped from U S.
Too large for any of my sink drains. Had to give away
This is very cheap plastic feeling. Not worth your money.
It came very wrinkled. Don't order it if you don't own a steamer.
I have only 4 mugs hanging on it. I am scared to add any more because it looks like it will break. It does fit nicely under the cabinet however, the part that is in the cabinet will not lay flat. I would never buy this again!
The blue die is all over my deck and pots. When it rains the blue die has splattered all over my patio table base and furniture. I even accidentally tracked it into the house. Brushing it or spraying water to try to clean it makes it worse. I only gave it two stars because this MIGHT have worked only as an indoor rug and the pattern is as expected. The material is an indoor carpet material. Not sure why they thought it would be a good outdoor rug. In one of my photos, the square under the table is the blue die. I swept all the other die away best I could.
Good quality but only holds a few pens...something with greater capacity would be more useful.
Must not have read the description well. Memory foam chunks. Had to dry in the dryer and break up chunks of foam to loosen. Haven't used yet looks huge. Bought 2, opened 1 and will be returning the other one.
well but leaves a white color on the hat.
Poor quality, feels very flimsy and dangerous to use. Would not buy again. Sift through the reviews, you'll get a better picture of how this works.
At first, this product worked great! Now, not even a year later, the beads don't stay orange as long as they used to and it needs to be plugged in for several DAYS before the green beads even remotely turn a shade of orange :(
This pair looks good however the hook of one earring stops working after a week or so. The pair then became useless.
Stitching comes apart after first washing, cannot use after stitching comes loose, pad will not stay on mop head.
I thought it was going to be both cool and useful, but it's way too big for it to serve as an oven mitt. I'm very disappointed.
The lights are great but the sea creatures lose their clarity on the ceiling and end up so distorted that you cannot make what the creatures are
Only the animals are diamonds. Start to finish in no time. Would recommend for a kids project..
I had to return this as it provided no support at all.
Gave me bad allergic reaction My eye wasted all around it and swelled up. Used twice and happened both times
I got this to put on the vertical side of tall headboard.. its the only option i have. So when its attatched it sticks directly out from the wall/bed 90 degrees. To extend the pole it twists.. as a result of the way ive attatched it wont stay put in this position. I consider myself on the weaker side of average, i can open most food jars.. really had to muscle this thing to bend it into form. Does not fit my needs.
I cannot say too much about this item because before I could even put tea lights in it, the rough metal edges of this item poked and nearly cut my fingers. It is not made well. Flimsy, unfinished edges make it a hazard to have around the house and I was too afraid to give it as a gift to my aging parent. Also it is very large, make sure you take note of that.
Very pretty,but will not stay started falling off after a day or so
The earrings broke right away, my granddaughter was disappointed. I would not buy again.
Very functional. Great color. They aren't the best sheets I've ever slept on but for the money they are very lovely
We expected two headrests but only one was in the box. Amazon doesn't seem to make it easy to address a missing item problem in their order management system. Seems like a nice pillow though.
The needles were all falling off as soon as I took the tree out of the box. Also the string of lights was a small length in a box and battery operated. I ordered this tee as I wanted a 5ft tree to fit a space and they re hard to find. I returned it and was offered $10 as mentioned above. I did accept that because this was not a free return item, and I figured it would cost the difference to send it wherever. I will probably sell in an online group and recoup my loss that way.
Worked great for about a week. Now it makes noise while dispensing soap and only a trickle comes out of the spout.
I really liked the power this massager first had when it was brand new. I am a construction worker with lots of back issues and this was great for breaks in my car. However, a few months later, it now only seems to work with half the power and anytime I position it to get at a particularly painful area of my back it stutter stops and I have to re-position it for less powerful duty. I have passed the window where i am allowed to return the item so now I may have to try something different. I hope that this comment is read by the seller and they're willing to send me a new one because I was thoroughly impressed at first and would be willing to change my review if this issue is resolved.
Does not fit well in a round chimney. Real big pain in the ass trying to inflate this and stuff it in there to fit so that it works.
It is too thin. Will tear easily.
This is the last time I buy anything from Sunbeam, it will work pass the return by date and then die. Bought an electric blanket too, died.
This is great for big areas with carpet or open floor. We are on our second one, first was replaced under warranty because it fell apart, motor burned up and buttons fell off. Now after another year the level select buttons are broken off again, the self propel is stuck on and it runs into the walls now. It is heavy and horrible for stairs. Main plus is it still has bag filters and a old school sucking power.
Very pretty and she loved it, but concerned about legitimacy
I bought this because it had some good reviews. We'd been putting up with a foul odor coming from our dishwasher every time we started it on a cycle. The good news is this product seemed to take the odor away. The bad news? It left a nasty white film over the whole inside! It looks horrible, almost as if it stripped away the original interior coating! I'm running it through a hot water cycle right now to see if it will take care of the problem. If it does I will update this review.
I thought I was buying 4 different stockings, but I was sent 2 sets of identical stockings.
This was a disappointing purchase. The hooks for the necklaces are extremely flimsy and affixed in a crooked and haphazard manner. The snaps to close the side doors are not going to last and, in fact, one of them requires really putting pressure on it to get it to snap into place. This is just not a well made product, and certainly not worth $60 (maybe $30 tops).
The frame is very cheaply made. And the backing is one piece. The pictures constantly slide. Not worth the money.
Did not fit my iRobot. Disappointed
Bought January 2017: 1st the sprayer stopped working, then it died after 1 year 9 months. I liked the iron - especially the long cord but less than 2 years of use is unacceptable.
Not comfortable to wear. No matter how I Cut them, the end was still sharp and dug into my finger. They did make the ring fit, but I couldn't wear it
Very soft, but didn't last very long without pilling. Granted, it's probably from drying them with heat, but they take hours to dry without.
Didn't work despite it being recommended alternative I returned
The pad is hard as a rock and you can feel every wire. Like sleeping on a chain-link fence. It also has annoying plastic labels sewn on near the foot that crinkle and make noise every time I move. I will not be keeping this.
All the holes are uneven, makes hanging it a pain.
These were purchased specifically for the color gray. Not one color gray could be found out of 400 pieces. Have to return it!
It looks fantastic, but after 5 months the hands have suddenly stopped working. Changed the battery, still nothing. You can hear it ticking but the hands never move. Super disappointing as I loved this item and it's a focal point in my newly decorated kitchen :-(
From all of the great reviews, I expected these sheets to be much better. The material caused sweating although they didn't keep warm. I wouldn't buy these again.
Heater works good but the fan is too loud. This would be great for a game room or something, but to have in a bedroom when you trying to sleep - forget it!
This is made for the purple bed and it fits for crap.
Quality is good but everything smells different. Like the vanilla one smells like toffee!
When you pump mouth wash it sprays all over.
Product came wet like it was right out of the printer or something and when I took it out to hang up it stained my hands and wall. Eventually it dried but the ink hasn't come off.
Slides off every time you sit on it, the bars to keep the tension are a joke. They get filthy very fast and don't hold up well at all to wear and tear and being washed. Very disappointed.
Slime was fine but doesn't look like unicorn coloring. More solid purple or blue
The clasps aren't strong enough to stay together on a charm bracelet.
toy like device has no check valve so soap travels back down into device requiring multiple attempts for soap to dispensed
Not exactly like in the picture because it doesn't have much trimmings. There are no berries in the middle and at the back of the arrangement, as seen in the picture. Candle holders are made crooked and slightly bent. It's nice but it's not worth the money that I paid for.
The scissors are sharp and seem like they would be perfect for our needs. The problem is the thinning shears that look like a comb will not work. The blade keeps hitting the tines no matter what I do to adjust them. I even used the little tool that came with them.
Cool concept but one of the lights I received just doesn't turn off so it drains the battery:-/
Does the job but the material did not look the same as in the picture.
Failed to maintain humidity in my humidor. Not impressed.
This matched our couches really well but the tape did not stay well. At first, I just put this stuff directly on the couch but it didn't stay when we sat on it. So I tried duct tape then this stuff and it worked for a while but still only lasted a short time. If you don't plan to sit or touch where it's covering up then this would be great but it doesn't hold up well.
Update: I found a random video showing the use of foam strips pushed into the crevice to keep the fabric in place. I put it on both wings and it worked! — So disappointed. I've been waiting with anticipation for a few days. I scored a great deal in a Queen Anne Wing Chair but I wanted a different color. The reviews convinced me it was doable. It is not. The only thing that fit was the cushion cover. There is so much excess material in the wrong places and not enough in the right places.
Had to send back. I thought it would hold my shoes but its really for smaller shoes.
Zipper broke after about two months and for uses. I have to do my laundry in the basement at the apartment and they did not do well without having to travel to get to the laundry room
Please send me a new sisters by heart , willow tree. One of the sister figurines cam to me broken. I️t looked like it was packaged properly, but the head, and both hands are completely broken off.
Was way to big and bulky for narrow 7 1/2 ft tree. Company resolved the problem quickly and very effectively. Thank you
Bought this to use exclusively on pool tables and nothing else. Got it and put it together no problem mounted charger on wall and put 2nd battery in to charge. Put vacuum in its place to charge and it wound not charge. After some investigation it seems that when you put it in to charge it pushes a button on back that brings up the charging connector. It does not seem to bring it up high enough to make a connection. If I put anything between the vacuum and the button it seems to work but I really dont think I should have to "fix" a $300 vacuum. I contacted the company and after many email and pictures they sent me a new base. Same issue. Gave up and out a small piece of card board behind the vacuum and it works. As far as performance it really does a good job sucking up all the chalk dusty on these pool tables. It does clog up the filter in and hour of use but it comes out and we have been washing them out. It also came with 2x filters so that is nice. Batteries on high only last 20 min or so. Over all good vacuum that needs a few fixes to be great.
Such a simple idea that simply does not work! I have a king size split adjustable bed. I purchased this to hopefully take care of the separation between the mattresses. It does not work. I even have the strap (to hold the mattresses together) as tight as I can get it but all it does is fall down in the crack. Even just rolling over it shoves it down in the crack. Maybe if the pieces on each side of the fill piece were drastically larger it would work.
I've been looking at this shower curtain for over a year and finally bit the bullet and paid the $50 for it. I am so disappointed! As many have said, it's very thin. There is no texture to it at all, but it does look just like the picture. It's very pretty, but when looking closely at it, it's just a pattern printed on a sheet of thin cotton. I am really wanting to return it and pay $20 for a much thicker on at Wal Mart, but I am just so sad!!
You get what you pay for! A few started to unravel after first wash! They looked great, just poor quality.
Had this product 6 months and the sensor is located in a shaded area and not in direct sunlight. The trend has been that it is accurate in cold weather but not at all accurate in hot weather. The warmer it get the more inaccurate it becomes and will be as much as 10 degrees off from official local temperatures. For instance at 85 degrees it will read 94 degrees. For a product at this price point one would expect better performance!. Based upon my experience I cannot recommend this product!
It is incredibly soft, but the color is hideous. It has a weird pink sheen to it when the light hits it. Over all I am disappointed. It will work for now, but we will be replacing it.
The knife broke during our cake cutting. Beautiful pieces but not useful
I had bought it for support of my back for my car but it didn't go high enough. It just didn't work out for me.
Bad design, easily stained
The fine tip is too small for the glue to come out.. It didn't work for using the adhesive.
I had followed the instructions, decal stuck on for about 24 hrs. I find the adhesives didn't have enough STICk. Currently only have the small items such as flowers intact. Disappointed 😒
Product was in our shower all the time for around 18 months or less when the bamboo started to split, making it a little unsafe to sit on. Alloy legs are in great shape, so you could replace the seat but the nuts and bolts that hold it together are all made of steel that rusted. I had to rip off the screws with a locking wrench. Those screws can be easily replaced, but the clips that allow the legs to be lengthened or shortened are also rusted through. It'll be hard to repair. I would not say I got ripped off. This just appears to be how things are made nowadays.
Super thin and cheaply made. Buy something else.
don't like the material
It is NOT FOGLESS whatsoever, fogged up almost immediately. It also barely holds on to whatever you're sticking it to and forever about putting a razor on it because that is too much weight and will drop it. It is still a pretty great mirror. Just be warned you will have to wipe it off so keep a dry wash cloth handy and you will probably have to attach it for every shower.
It's a lot thinner than I thought it would be be, looks and feels cheap.
Not like the old rubbermaid mats. Tend to stain easy and not as durable
the only thing I didn't like and was disappointed to see was a small hole that was patched. When I purchase an item I expect it to be in prestine condition. I love the item I purchased but not the flaw it has. What can you do about this!. I will add a photo later.
Only received two out of the three that I ordered
Had purchased these before and they were fine. So ordered more. This time the first time I tried to put a blouse on one, it broke - making that one useless - so we got essentially 7 instead of 8.
This product looks great, but the fabric drawers STINK really badly. We got the Charcoal color and the smell of the fabric was overwhelming when we opened the packaging. We have been airing them out on the porch for 3 days straight, spraying them with Febreze multiple times a day, and the scent remains pretty strong. I'm going to try to hand wash the drawers to see if that helps. I would caution anyone to carefully consider the placement of this item, because the smell will permeate the air in that room and any cloth items placed in the drawers.
The blue pencil leaks and goes everywhere. The white pencil doesn't show easily. It is not worth, sorry.
These pins feel like they skipped the polishing step in the manufacturing process. You can feel and almost hear the abrasion as the pin enters the fabric. Not sure if every order is like this or if it's just the pack of pins I received. I will reserve these for the high school sewing class I teach and leave my nicer pins for my personal projects.
Poor service. Came without proper ac adapter. Contacted back and they wanted to go buy one. Willing to refund some money so I could purchase locally. Told them I wanted the original since sometimes after market can create issues. They agreed to refund after I returned the item.
These sheets are okay for the price but they don't feel as good as my cotton sheets. It's nice that they come with 4 pillowcases but they aren't my favorite. I bought them off a raving review from someone on-line that said they were the softest sheets they have ever slept in. My opinion, not so much! Great deal if you just need sheets.
The heading says Wooden Place Mats. These are not Wood. They are some type of silicone thin mat with a wood print.
The smells are great and the colors look good. Our biggest problem is that the crayons keep falling out of the plastic tubes.
Have tried to leave seller feedback twice & it is not registering, so a review will have to do. Ordered 4 panels. Three of them were soiled-not just in one spot, but throughout & one had a small hole. These had to be ironed & my old curtains taken down so it was not worth the hassle of returning them. Someone commented, "You get what you pay for." Yes, these were inexpensive. I accepted that the stitching was irregular on some of the seams, & even accepted the hole. What is not acceptable is receiving soiled items at any price.
They might work well depending on the home, but when I put these up I felt like they looked cheap and cheesy. I returned them.
Not very high quality. Some pens did not have any ink and writing wasn't smooth.
Does not work well. Unable to return
Smells great! But it came in shattered. I didn't want to go through the hassle of returning so I just put a plate under it.
Product did NOT come with top pillow. This was the main reason I ordered this style. It has the buttons where it should be, but is missing the top piece.
Not sure if this is your problem but the box that this shelving came in was badly damaged, luckily the shelving is durable enough to withstand this damage. The ends of the box were completely open, looked like the delivery driver just kicked it off the back of the truck and left it in my driveway, not happy with this. When I went to put this shelving together it was missing two out of the four couplings required to connect the poles together, now I have to search the hardware stores for the correct size couplings, if they even carry them, before I can complete this process.
looks and feels like the quality is not that good
I just got them, but I am already sick of putting them back on the chair legs. I have tiled floors and when you move the chair they fall off. They do not stay on. I may have to apply some glue to the inside to hold them in place.
Smaller than expected
Doesn't seem to work. I've had it on for over a month now and the amount of dust in my bedroom is the same as it was before I implemented this air purifier. Now it says the filter needs to be replaced, but I took out the filter and it looks exactly the same as it did when it was brand new. Other HomeLabs products seem to be good, but this one is not effective and frankly a waste of money.
These sheets almost felt like they were rubber lined. They didn't feel breathable or comfortable to put on my 4 year old's bed.
My first hole like this one came with commercial humidifier - was the best(forgot it in old house). This one similar but it is poorly made, licking between rubber piece and hose and nothing you can do to fix this problem
I received thus item so late. I no longer need it. I would like a refund please.
It looked so large and of greater quality in the photos. The size and poor quality made it unusable. Although it was too small to be seen from the outside I still put it in front of the window and enjoyed the meaning of what it and the occasion stood for.
We enjoy the pillow, however, the smell is TERRIBLE! We have had them about a week - we have tried airing them outside, but so far nothing has helped. My husband cannot sleep on the pillows because of the smell. I'm trying, but wake up in the night and exchange the pillow for my old one due to the smell. Wish we can do something about it. Any suggestions!! Hate to pay approximately $80.00 for something we can't use. UPDATE: We received replacement pillows in February 2019 and are satisfied with the customer service we have received. Great Company.
We have only had this since March 2017 and its just not working too well. We have cleaned out the filter area and still shoots back the dust. Works great from March until October 2017.
Glue was visible and the foam ripped off after a single use when I tried laying down on it. Good idea, terrible execution. I understand it's only $17, but I expect the foam to last longer than a day. Will change my review if they reach out to me
I ordered this when I just had my baby and threw it away when he was 19 months old and bought another 2 tank humidifier with digital board and can be used as diffuser too. Since I have this fancy new humidifier I decide to come back to comment. As a mom, I won't recommend this product. The first day I turn it to the max my carpet around it is wet. I thought this is normal till I got another one......its really hard to clean the mold inside the pipe and eventually even when I turn it to the max right next to my head, I woke up at night because of the dry nose. I keep it day and night and the bottom part starts to peel off since I keep adding water and pluck it back. Id recommend you pay 30 bucks more to get a good one.
My headline says it all. It seems crazy to me that anyone would manufacture (or sell) an item for use with wet objects near or in a sink that wasn't rust-proof. I'm one month past Amazon's 30-day return policy. Too bad.
Despite all pictures, does not have hands and does not have ability to have sweep second hand. Deceptive advertising. Was able to use old hands and have installed now to see if it runs.
Well, you get what you pay for. I feel like I am sleeping on plastic.
Color looked right in the picture but too light, returned unopened packages but had to pay shipping cost.
The two stars is for the excellent customer service. However, the product itself was a total flop for me. I ordered the mini candle set in Lavender, when I got them I lit all three in my spare room and went on about my business in other areas of my apartment. About an hour later I went back into the spare room and it smelled awful! It's hard to explain the smell but it was like a mix of gasoline and burning plastic. I immediately extinguished the candles and threw them away. I sent a review to the seller who very kindly replied and offered a replacement mini candle set in the citrus sent. I received the replacement candles in the alternate scent, and upon lighting/burning the new set of candles, the same awful scent again filled the room. The replacement candles also ended up in the trash. Also, the boxes that both my original order and the replacement candles arrived in were soaked in some sort of oil.
Loved my first time purchasing this, so I decided to purchase another one. This one didn't come with a remote and the machine's buttons are a little more complicated.
They're cute, but the towels were poor quality and flaking off.
I have an odor from very old plumbing and this does nothing to stop the smell.
The kit was good except for the markers. They were dried out upon arrival which was a disappointment because this was the reason I replaced the one I previously had.
The base is cheap, made of wood, it should be metal. Not worth it in my opinion. Also, the storm glass does not change and most of the flakes just settle on the bottom. The company should explain this.
It's ok. Constantly slips down and I have to fix. The s hooks for strap is horrible.
Bummed. A lot of repetitive stickers, and I searched for CLEAR stickers but these are thick paper stickers. A couple of them are ok.
The pockets are not deep at all. The rope to hold it broke while I was putting it together. I had to replace it to even hang it up it hangs crooked, not flat. Don't waste your money
Pleased. However I should have done more research on the size. A whole lot smaller than I anticipate. But still beautiful. The second one I purchased I just took out the box and found the glass was cracked. Not pleased
Ok - I love the saying but what I received does not compare at all to the photo by the seller or the photos posted by others who have purchased this. The photos show more of a block of wood (not a thick block but still a block). I received a plywood type thing - it looks cheap and not sure what I would do with it.
You can only operate it with the remote - no buttons on the timer itself. You can figure out the directions okay but they're in poorly written English, i.e. "to close the timer" instead of saying "to turn off the timer." Has to be plugged in unless you have a watch battery lying around somewhere for it. If you're trying to use it outside, like I was, the sun will completely wash it out. It would be fine for indoor use.
Loved how much you can put on but, not sturdy enough. ( baby clothes that were placed were way too heavy) for rolling rack)
I love the colors and design. However I washed it in gentle cycle cold water and still it leaves fabric residue all over my couch and clothes. I'm disappointed.
The product came with no instructions. I have some questions. Should I contact amazon or the seller?
Bought these for a 12 hour plane ride hoping to be comfortable and not have neck pain from our chins dropping to our chest while sleeping. The material is comfortable, however they were not able to prevent our heads from tilting forward and we still had neck kinks. Probably wouldn't have spent as much money on them if we could have tested them out first.
I must have been looking at a different item when I purchased this product. What I received was a box that I had not opened until tonight. I thought the straps were connected in the center of the bed and would reach out to the top, bottom and corners to corners. What I received were 4 strap sets, that would run across the sides of them bed, top to bottom and upper right to lower left corner and upper left corner to bottom right corner. Since I have an adjustable base with a center point I figured it would work better then individual straps.
The color is not teal, it is navy blue. Will need to return.
It has a soft bottom.
The color fades for a long time. It even turned my dryer a purple color. Its cheap soooo
Light grey is not really light grey. I bought this to replace my darker grey couch cover and was very disappointed when it was the same color as the one I had.
I bought this item January 28th, 2019. Loved having it in my car. It just stopped working. Would love to exchange item or return. Should of lasted longer.
Can't figure out how to use these. Instructions not very clear to me.
The sheets are undersized and barely fit on a queen mattress. Also, these are supposed to feel cool the touch but they don't. I keep waking up hot throughout the night. These are overrated.
I was super excited to receive my vacuum. I love the cordless option and the convenience it adds. It is lightweight and easy to store but that's where my love affair with it ends. The suction is mediocre at best. I bought it with the intention of vacuuming up my golden retrievers daily blizzard of hair balls and the vacuum isn't even picking that up. It either gets stuck on the rolly ball or clogged in the long skinny body. Even though this was a steal money wise, the ABILITY IS LACKING. Likely returning and spending a little more money on something with more power.
Won't stay lit. Smell great, love the big ones. The ones I got aren't very good in the small size stick to the large.
These fell apart after the first wash.
They are a little thinner than I thought they would be and they snag easily.
Dont last and not a lemon smell worst fragrance I ever purchased very dissatisfied
Looks nice however the suction cups do not work so this mat slips around all over our shower stall. Was a waste of money. Would give less stars but then I'm not sure it would ever be posted!
I wore this for about 45 minutes before it broke off at the clasp and I'm unable to fix it. It did fit me. I am petite, it was snug but I like them snug it's not supposed to be a bangle.
I use this to clean my area rugs. It's not effective as advertised. It literally does nothing.
Doesn't work in my truck, like others that I have purchased.
Pretty flimsy. It looks cheap with our iPad and remotes in it rather than nice, tidy and organized.
Hard to use. The sensitivity was irregular. This worked well as a normal door stop. There is a rubber pad on the bottom, so it worked good against tile. It is thick so it can be wedged into a wider gap. I ended up sending this back as it didn't work the way I wanted it to, for the alarm.
I cannot for the life of me get a clean cut. I'm following the directions exact and even with the rubber bands it takes twenty minutes of hot and cold before it breaks and it breaks all jagged
It complicated to align the paper with the cutter insert. I always end up with a crinkle at the edges. Does not look neat at all.
The concept is brilliant. The stars barely luminescent enough to justify the time and money
I was super excited to try these out. Some colors aren't very pigmented at all. I mean like the red is basically pink. I thought, maybe because they're water-based? But some colors are actually very pigmented so that didn't make sense. Half of the black shades were basically dried out when I received them and one marker has a broken tip so it's not even that fine. For the price it's whatever, but next time I'll definitely splurge for a higher quality set.
Ever since I first purchased this, years ago, I noticed a slight difference in the first or second day. After that, it's just been taking space of me hoping it does absorb odors.
I bought this to replace a Bissell machine that's had tough use in the last 10 years. The suction is okay- can't say great. The hose that unplugs for attachments is too short, and I miss the longer, more flexible hose of my old vacuum. The small attachment that I thought would be a brush, is only plastic with rubberish fins inside. It could be good for loosening larger dirt or hair, but doesn't work for getting dirt along edges. My old vacuum had a detachable brush so that the attachment could be used either way. The larger brush with rubber beater bar inside, quit working within a few days. I will have to take it apart and see if grease might fix it. With my old Bissell, when you put the vacuum upright (parked), the beater bar automatically stops, and it starts when you start using it on a floor,; plus it had a switch to turn that feature off.. With this vacuum, you have to use the pedal control to turn it on and off. Others who use the vacuum don't seem to notice whether it's on or off, and waste time trying to vacuum a carpet with the beater bar turned off. I miss the automatic feature a lot. The attachments store more easily than my old Bissell, and the self-retracting cord is nice. Overall, I would wish to return this one for a better model, but it would be a pain to ship it back. I recommend spending more for a stronger vacuum.
This sheet is VERY soft and keeps cool. I got this particular fitted sheet because I have a deep mattress and my fitted sheets were always falling off. This is the only fitted sheet that stayed put. HOWEVER, as I was putting the sheet on for the SECOND time ever, one of the straps snapped clean off. It snapped while I was pulling a different corner down, so I'm thinking it was a sewing defect...
Much smaller than pictures made it seem. Color is also more cream.
I thought this was pillows but they are just covers.
The humidifier part seems to work well, but it does not glow color as described. A little disappointed because I chose it for that reason.
I ordered this and though it would be a soft cream/Linen because of the picture but instead it was very cream (almost a pale yellow IMO). If you have a lot of white in your house this will not match properly.
cheap made. Take too long to receive it.
These candle holders are so wobbly. Every movement at the table and they start shaking and rattling. Very cheaply made. The candles are pretty in there when lit but there seems to be a high chance they will topple over.
Worked great until it didn't 🙄... it worked for about 6 months of daily use, then it just stopped...
Almost half of the balls are severely dented upon arrival. They were shipped in the same box with another item weighing under a pound, but it may have been the culprit.
This material is itchy. Don't expect to cuddle it on your face or lay with it shirtless. It really bothered my skin, so I had to return it.
Although this base does melt very well it is so drying on the skin that it makes it unusable. I had to use a ton of lotion after trying this soap. If I could return it I would.
Much smaller than I thought they would be.
Pretty disappointed in this product. I wanted to love it, but the sound of the water pump distracted from the tranquil water sound I was hoping for. Also because it's sold through a third party the shipping cost to send it back was $15.
Product was not what I had hoped for. Was flimsy and the suction cup doesn't hold well. Seemed cheaply made.
I wanted the rose pink water beads for a baby shower fur a baby girl. The color does not look the same in person. It's almost a red color. Very disappointed because it works well but I can't even use it.
The color is not the same as the photo. It's green like super green not sea foam but teal... didn't match my decor, will be returning.
not sturdy, feel cheap, not easy to install as they are so flimsy the slightest weight made the bar hang uneven (i was using very sheer and light panel) would not buy these again!!
I was most disappointed with this urn. While it is beautiful, the color in the given images does not match what was received. The colors red and gold were of significant meaning and, rather, what arrived was red and silver.
Too small to hold a bar of soap. Soap slips off.
I want to give these a higher score but all of a sudden they are not lasting. The needles are becoming dull rather quickly.
Good for very light fabrics, but often get stuck up on heavier fabrics or their multiple fabrics, which is what I thought the point of a walking foot was for!
First let me say that there are some wonderful features with this diffuser. It is very quiet and exceptionally easy to operate. It's not fancy and I like that. I was so happy to find a diffuser that had no light at all. The on/off button has a light that goes on when you press it but goes off quickly. It's easy to fill and clean. The cord is connected to the back of the device which is much easier to manage than diffusers that have the power chord plug on the bottom of the device. Second topic are the design elements I do not like. The basin for the water is as wide as the housing as is the top. The problem with this is that much of the steam remains inside the devise which also means the There will be less oils diffused into the air and more trapped inside the diffuser. I used twice a much essential oils and still only had an ambient scent being produced. This is very disappointing and a waste of money and oil. I have it sitting on my nightstand and could barely smell anything. So, I am returning the device.
I should have measured really long. Didn't meet my needs. Should have returned it, but once opened, it seemed messy to try and repackage and send back.
Arrived broken with almost no packing and an item sitting on top of the mirror. Don't worry Amazon! I added my own packing in my return box for you! Sad it's a cute mirror. I won't ask for an exchange since this one came with no packing and I don't want another item to return.
good at scrubbing the carpet, but it doesn't suck much water out at all. we had to replace the carpet because it took so long to dry then it smelled like mildew. The solution that came with it for pets doesn't smell the best. we gave it a good try, and sadly just missed the return window.
the back strap broke within a few days. it tore from the fabric completey
Dissatisfied. The “wet” wipe was dried out. Both wipes were about a square inch of cheap material. Wouldn't even call it a cloth. The protector is adhered by a thin strip of adhesive around the perimeter. I didn't think it looked like other protectors so I took it off. At that point I got dust on the adhesive rendering the first protector useless. We'll see how the second holds up but I'm not hopeful. When I purchased this, I'm quite sure the reviews were much better. Something seems fishy here.
I got these sheets to fight night sweats. They sort of help. But wow are they rough. Like sleeping on an emory board - a dulled emory board, but still. Saving them to use for visiting guests who I wish had stayed at a hotel.
I like them but they are pretty cheap for a reason. We have used them only twice and washed once and they are showing wear already. You can just see spots where the color is wearing where each of us sleep and there is a hole in the fitted sheet already. I wanted something cheap so I guess I got what I paid for.
It came broken but thankfully my husband was able to fix it!
Not what I expected! I followed the laundry instructions and they are a wrinkled mess UNLESS they are line dried. They are officially used as tags now.
I purchased this for my husband who has chronic shoulder pain due to previous surgeries and a new injury. I was fully aware of the warning that it could take quite some time to soften the pillow, and I warned my husband about this. However, the discomfort and pain caused by the pillow was so intense that he couldn't use it more than two nights. I simply can't understand how they can continue to market this pillow knowing that people who are purchasing this for pain relief will need to endure so much additional pain in order to *perhaps* get to a point where it is functional for pain relief. They need to figure out a way to pre-soften this. We returned the pillow.
It's small for a queen and very thin material!! Not at all what I expected!
Took forever and different colors
Holds very little weight
Many of the posts come out while knitting . Not made very well.
I had such high hopes for this shelf! So first of all, it's not bad if all you're going to put on it is maybe a picture frame and a very VERY light weight plant. Maybe a scrunchie or two? But I certainly wouldn't trust it with my Burberry perfume collection.. I had actually bought this for my kitchen (not my guilty pleasure, Burberry perfume) and had planned on storing coffee cups and some other light-ish dishes on it. Upon receiving, it actually looked pretty good. The shelf itself wasn't as dense as I had hoped but it would have been fine. It was the mounting bracket (is that the right terminology?) was so thin and cheaply made that my boyfriend could actually bend it. With his hands. This is supposed to be metal, right? Sent it back.
The 1st clock we had by this manufacture lasted 7 years. The 2nd clock by this manufacture is a piece of crapola. Time works well but the temperature and humidity are so off it is useless. We have tried to adjust but still wont work. You decide
Did nothing. Still have just as many bugs whizzing around as ever, no dead bugs in the tray after several nights of use. However, it could be that gnats and fruit flies aren't attracted to light. I imagine this would work ok on a porch for mosquitoes. But didn't work for any indoor flying insects.
Low quality. Only lasted 1 day before it would no longer close. Small blades bent easily.
This will not stick to a wall if there is even the slightest bit of texture... which most interior drywall walls will have.
After 12 month, it is not the same product. And note that I visit my boat only 20 or 25 five times a year during the weekend...
Not sturdy. Ended up in pieces the first day.
The picture makes it look like the latch stays down but it does not. The latch doesn't hold when drinking and hits you in the nose. Wouldn't buy again
The colour is good , but they are very cheaply made
These are very flimsy and fall over sideways unless your shelf is the exact width that fits the opening. I will use them, but I wouldn't buy them again.
The tree is slim/narrow and great for a small corner. It's a bummer that the photos that are in this discription are not of the product you will receive. I made sure that there was a free return option because I was Afraid this could happen. If you have low standards this will meet those. If you want what is in the description you will be disappointed. If you added a bunch of stuff you could probably hide the gaps and holes in it. It's over all not awful but not great
It looks really good, but is about half the size I was hoping it would be.
The humidifier works well. But, I was expecting a separate chamber or place to add essential oils, as this was listed as a diffuser and humidifier. The oil is added to the water tank and no info is provided on the max amount to use in the tank. Also, the plastic parts are thin. My husband broke part the fill cap rim off 3 days after we started using it. It still works, but likely won't make it to next winter.
I just received mine this morning. Unboxed and attached everything. It was easy to have everything put together without the need of the manual. Fan is loud on high setting, but quite soft on low. Night light is useless and probably will not use. The oscillating function does not work right out of the box, pushing either the button at the fan or from the remote. Poor quality control... sighs.
Seemed like a great value till I opened them. Top sheet had a bunch of noticeable small holes in one section. I bought it for fitted sheet on tall mattress so not super important but sheet with holes should have not made it into packaged product.
Doesnt cool the room down. And you have to have it plugged up to your computer. No adapter
keeps unhooking from my hooks. maybe depends on the type of hooks you have?
Very flimsy very thin
Not stable when carrying things in it . Swings back and forth ; things fall out of it ( dishes ) .
These are more like regular napkins the the normal guest towels that I normally have bought in the past. Can't wait for these to run out. They are rough and not soft.
Much Larger than expected, the picture showed as if it would be a little piece in the corner of a mirror- It's too over powering-
Very flimsy and closes easily. I superglued them to a book cover and used the whole thing as a display platform to display framed artwork.
These worked temporarily. The black elastic extenders didn't work at all. They just stretched and didn't help bring the pieces together which left a big gap that was impossible to hide. The jean extenders worked but with only being a couple inches I was only able to wear them for a short amount of time before I grew out of them. I would've like to see a stronger elastic that allowed stretch but also helped bring the pant buttons together.
They came in a bad and one was completely crushed. They definitely need to ship with a box. They want me to return the crushed one but I mean how do you return shattered, crushed glass?
slot space seems to be measured off. My product was small enough to fit the measurements listed in the description, but would not fit in the slots that arrived.
Horrible design. The curved pattern of the teeth causes the citrus fruit to slide to the side, instead of smoothly up and down. So instead of quickly and easily zesting fruit, you have to carefully and laboriously take one tiny section at a time. Otherwise, you will slice your fingers right open or portions of your nail off. Stick with a zester that has teeth in neat rows.
Love the idea, not practical unfortunately.
Way too large for small chain use. I have ordered crystals that looked exactly like the photo used for the product before. They were the perfect size! These are SO LONG- not cute...
I love the cake holder size and handles, but the handles broke the first time I used them. No wonder it was so cheap.
They really need to put the quantity of sheets in the MAIN description. The paper is nice, but I was expecting more than eight pages. Once I received it and went back and looked, it is in the description below, but you really have to search for it.
I thought this would work for me but the wedge is way bigger than I thought it would be which made it uncomfortable to sleep at night. Zipped it back in its container and will not ever use again.
It fits the couch but horrible use with leather it slips and slide everywhere I've had to add 2 extra straps to the side and 2 extra straps to the back to make it stay in one place. The second the dogs get of it falls right off without me adding all kinds of extra straps for security. I've also added foam inserts to keep it in place or else it still slips everywhere.
I loved this pencil sharpener when it arrived, however, after only 3 1/2 months it no longer works. Add funds to the price of this one and buy a better quality sharpener.
Very thin, does not look like picture. Has black threads sewn inside of it.
Very small and I didn't like the material.
Does not cool to capacity.
This fan was perfect. It matches our baby's room decor and has great safety features. But a year of use and the on/off button has started to get stuck. We can no longer slide it into “low” and have a hand time turning it on and off. So disappointed, thought this fan would be around for longer than a year.
Very CHeap and I do not like them. Have had these for months, but do not want to hang them...
When I got this pillow it seemed well put together and it actually feels like memory foam. If a mattress was made of this same stuff it could be nice. But a whole body weighs more than a head. When I laid my head on it it did not "sink in" it just stayed on top if felt much too hard. I had to return it. Also I bought it on a "lightning deal" and the saw it a week later listed at the same price I bought it as it's regular price. I felt mislead ( they raised the price to put it on "sale")which cemented my choice to return the item.
I expected it to be larger this was much to small to curl up with and get warm
As many reviewers said, I had to go back and glue several. Kind of annoying. They look like they're stuck on well, but if you walk away from a party set up and come back the next day, they'll fall apart. But they look cute once they're secured.
I thought the stand would be about the size of the light pad. It is NOT. Also the bar that allows you to move it to various angles kept falling out of the holes that it goes in. I had to bend it to make it stay in the holes. I will make it work - but I'm very disappointed with the overall quality and sturdiness.
I really wanted this to work , I still do because I keep trying to use it , but it just doesn't get them all straight , or drops before I even start nailing . Great concept , incredibly frustrating, and disappointing 😝
I put this on my leather couch to protect from my cats..When I sat down, the very first time, the whole thing just fell down and came off..so i made the elastic stap tighter..then sat down and the elastic strap whipped off right by my face! This is garbage and would highly not recommend!!!
Does not remove the stain on my countertop.
Well this product does do what it says however the quality of the actual press is OK at best, the heating elements are not even at all, the back side is 15 degrees off from the front and about 10 degrees off from the temperature gauge, however I have pressed shirts and it does do the job. So if you decide to get this be sure to get a laser thermometer also.
I don't like the acrylic. I thought these glass wood frames. They ARE wood, but cheaply cut, sanded and painted. Kind of disappointed.
This product looked perfect when I got it-- decent thickness and shape. It of course didn't fir my chairs perfectly, so I ended up taping the edges together to make a closer fit at the bottom (I have cats who like to climb) and they worked great for a few weeks. I bought two of these, one for a chair I use every day and the other almost never, and after a few weeks of use the seams started tearing out of the one that gets used often. If you're looking to cover something you use every day, I suggest looking elsewhere.
They seem like nice enough sheets. I like the color. After the first wash the stitching on the flat sheet came out at two places. About 8 inches each. After trimming the unraveled threads, I had to resew the whole sheet. I had bought a set before which were very nice, these were just not made well.
I bought these to put dog plates on when I feed them. I thought they would look nice enough to leave out, but be functional for my sloppy dogs that I could wipe clean. They do look nice, but they are hard to clean. I have to put them down flat into soapy water to get them clean.
I LOVED this blanket at first. It's very soft for a cotton blanket, and thin enough so that I can cocoon myself in warmer weather without dying from the heat. Unfortunately, I've only been using it for about a week and a half and there's already threads coming out and cinching. I have no idea how its happening, I hope I just got part of a weaker batch. I dont want to buy another one and end up having the same issue so I'll be looking for a different brand. Really sucks, I loved it so much at first!
Description is incorrect stating that the pillow is machine washable but the tag says spot clean only. Purchased for preschool naptime after searching for a cute pillow that is machine washable. I wouldn't have purchased the pillow had I known that the description was not true. Will still keep the pillow but will still be looking for another that can be washed. Pretty important to wash after use in a preschool on a daily basis.
The ruffle is very nice, but it is not attached well to the part that goes under your mattress, which is a different type of material - the first time I pulled the ruffle to make it straight, the whole thing ripped at the seam that attaches the ruffle to the material under the mattress - very disappointing.
Don't wipe the glass where the writing is because it comes off. I am ordering a replacement though because it is cute.
The pillow is very comfortable. Just what I was looking for, except the memory foam inside the cover smells incredibly bad. Almost like garlic and makes me nauseous to drive with it. I thought I was crazy until someone else came inside my car and said; “ Why does it smell like garlic in here?” Can't use it now. Do not recommend it. Unless it was a fluke and you are willing to give it a chance. Otherwise very comfortable.
This is super cute however cheaply made, the hook came way crooked and broke of when I went to hang an EMPTY stocking on it, was disappointed especially because of the price, will be returning.
Not great...has a weak light, a weak scent, and the candle wax leaks through the concrete jar leaving nasty looking stains all around it. Not worth the price.
This looks more purple, but when I got it it was definitely bright pink. The comforter feels thin. Like its not full of soft material. Also the material for thr comforter feels cheap snd kind of like plastic. My 2 year old won't care but still. Honestly I do like it, but it wasn't the reason why I ordered it and that's why I am giving it the rating I am.
The bulb is very dim but not worth the hassle of returning. Wouldn't buy again. Other than that they work fine.
I got this to work on some stuff for my wedding. It takes forever to heat up and absolutely forever to burn the wood. I had to hold it in one spot for nearly a minute to get anything to show up. It took hours to write out just a few characters.
It's a good thing that I like DIY projects, so this isn't a total waste. I have medium sized wrists, but the opening was too small for me. I figured that the bracelet part was metal so I tried to bend it open a bit to make it comfortable. IT IS PLASTIC. It snapped. CANNOT BE RESHAPED. Also, another reviewer called it: THE BASE IS A JAR LID. Hilarious. Kinda cool, honestly, but someone is saving a buck. The cushion part is NOT VELVET. Thy nylon is fine. It is smooth and looks nice, but it is not as advertised. And I don't know what's in there, but in some spots, my pins don't want to go in. This will take more experimenting OVERALL: I really liked how this looked, and now I know how to make one. Bonus! I'm going to glue the broken piece back on. With that side of the bracelet shorter, it actually fits pretty well.
The colors were great and the pages are super sticky. But if you are trying to do anything with detail or smaller lettering, this is a nightmare! I got it to use to make Disney princess sticker decals for my daughters room. Even on the largest possible size the pieces were so hard to maneuver and stick properly. I ended up wasting pages because of it. Also, even on "kiss" cut, the blade cuts through the whole sheet, including the backing which makes pealing and layering hard. I would suggest going with a different brand.
It is kinda Topsy Turvy. The screen doesn't allow it to clear the Gas Pipe for the Log Starter. Has tipped over several times with logs Burning.
So, on the box it says to microwave for 3 minutes and let it sit for 3. I did this and literally none of the water had evaporated and didn't notice anything different inside the microwave. I ran it again for another 4 minutes and I could see it was starting to do something. I was able to wipe off the very top of the microwave and the stuff came off easily. The sides and spinning plate in the microwave still had completely stuck on food and it made no difference with that. Overall, I feel like microwaving a cup of water/vinegar would have done the same thing. It didn't steam at all - my son was very disappointed that it didn't look like an angry mama in the microwave. Will probably give to goodwill since I took too long to use it and now I can't return it.
Color is more orange than burgundy very disappointed
Hated this pillow!! Too hard for your head, may have liked it if it wasn't for the head oart I could not sleep on it. I ended up just using two pillows between my legs. I also bought the pillow case and it was super difficult to put on.
I ordered these ornaments, thinking they were shatterproof. When I received them, 3 were broken and the paint was flaking on others. When I tried to check them on my order screen to see if I had misread the description, they are no longer listed in the variety shown. This is the first time I have been disappointed with an Amazon purchase.
One of the fans went out right after the deadline to return it
If you like wrinkles buy these sheets
Super tiny, size is deceiving. I cant think of anything to put in it. A key maybe.
Will not vacuum rug or floor tile
Liked brightness and Size, But if it will not stay ON....waste
I was not impressed with quality of the metal stamping. 2 of 10 brackets did not have "Press" stamped on them. All the brackets have a twist. Neither of these issues affect functionality. However, don't use the #6 5/8" screws provided if you are installing using a power driver. First, these are flat head screws and should have been pan head. The metal is so soft that the screw head snapped off about 40% of the time. I replaced them with standard pan head screws and had no installation problems afterward.
Family doesn't like smell
This was a disappointment. It fits the brush head but falls off when place in a toiletry bag. I ended putting having to use a small zip lock bag instead. It's not snug fit so as soon as something touches or rubs against the tooth brush the protective cover falls off.
When close the top cover it slam the bin. Better technology out there which makes the cover to close it slowly.
The smell is amazing! Whoever packaged it for shipping didn't do a good job. The glass was broken and it was wrapped in brown paper only...nothing to cushion it. Notified Amazon and have a new one arriving soon at no charge. The shipping takes a long time....up to 2 weeks.
The elastic on the fitted sheet is extremely weak and cannot hold the sheet to the bed so it keeps rolling up.
The canvas itself is nice but all of the paint was and VERY thick! It makes it very messy and the painting turned out terribly. Love paint by numbers but won't be buying here again. I bought 2 and both were very old. $50 down the drain.
I purchased two; one for the kitchen; one for the bathroom. The second one stopped working. I tried cleaning the dispenser hole and changing the batteries. Not working. Kitchen one continues to function. The product is ?? questionable. I have no explanation for this other than the second one is a manufacturing defect. My return date expired. I will not buy this brand AGAIN!
The orange was brighter than in the picture, which I get. It's online, it's hard to get an accurate read on the color. But the second time I lit them, they dripped. A lot. Maybe there's really no such thing as dripless tapers, but if so, let's stop with the false advertising. I burned these inside, and there was no draft: it was winter, and we have radiant floor heating, so the air is pretty much completely still.
Came wrapped in bubble wrap and a box but the glass face is broken
Don't want to stay lit.
Not practical little suction and uncomfortable to handle
The pockets are not wide/deep enough for men's shoes. My Women's size 8 tennis shoes barely fit.
Not easy to cut a clean line. I've adjusted the blade and firmness, but after multiple attempts, the mat still comes out slightly uneven at corners, making it look unprofessional. I wish I'd paid closer attention to the return window, because I would be returning this one. I'm going back to letting the professionals cut my mats, with more professional equipment. Just not worth the stress!
Ordered a pack of (3 three filters ) received pack with only one filter in it.
Not what I was expecting the broom is 2 ft tall.
It smells ok, but nothing at all like plumeria. VERY DISAPPOINTED.
Not as thick as expected!
Disappointed that the leg was bent upon delivery.
The Native American stoking the fire arrived without arms. 20% defect rate for this item.
This mop handle is very unsturdy. Every time I use it and try to spin the water out the mop head goes sideways and you can't spin it. too flimsy would be a good word. This mop handle Works in a pinch but I would not recommend it for everyday use
Haven't even unrolled a foot and it's wrinkled pretty bad. Looked at return policy and it's only refunds, no replacements, and AFTER the damaged poster is received by the seller.
Scents felt very artificial and gave me a headache.
I have several pairs of boots on it but it is not very "pretty" and needs to be hidden simply because the boots have to be upside down and all you basically see are the soles of the boots, yuck!
It was hard to find one that held 2 rings together without it bunching up and coming back off.
Unfortunately ... This worked GREAT for about a year and then it started making strange noises for several months and now at year and 5 months it has stopped working (frothing) all together. What do people recommend as a replacement for this frother something NOT MADE BY JURA?
Idol is pretty, but when I opened it was cracked. Better to but idols in store
Sorry, I love the idea of this product, but It can't stay on the wall, even with the lightest item such as a spoon.
I was impressed with this vacuum at first. Within thr first month it broke and bissel sent a new one. As I've used it I've got less impressed, it clogs easy and I have to clean it constantly. I noticed today that a hose is broken. I've had this for less than 2 years.
These require a lot of work to make them look good. They do not hang nicely like in picture. It took quite a bit of ironing and pinning to get them to hang well. They also shed A LOT. Like a lot a lot. And not just when you're hanging them. They continue to shed. I've had them up for weeks and I still find little bits of fuzz everywhere on the floor. I would not recommend these.
I was expecting posters as picture shows but I was upset to find out that is not what you get smh I guess if you order dont expect posters as pictured I guess I was glad how well it was packed though
This tree comes in 3 sections, the bottom 2 have a metal rod through them, making them very sturdy. The top section does not. It's basically all branches. Attaching a star on the top of our tree made it lean in all sorts of directions. We have to balance it just right for it to be straight. Such a PITA. We bought a fake tree to reuse every year, but I can't imagine dealing with this again next year. Maybe I will learn to love a crooked tree. But probably not.
I did not like the stiffness of the shower liner too stiff.
While I was so excited when it came because the color was so vibrant. I was sad that even though it's out of the element on a covered back patio, in exactly 9 days after receiving, it looks old and worn. I thought it was just dirty but then notice that wiping your feet (which is what it's for) causes it to fade quickly and just look bad. I get over time a rug looking worn but for the price it should have taken more than a week to do so:(
The pattern was printed so intensely that I hope the thread can cover it
Two stars because it is really cute and the colors are nice and bright. But I only received four of the six advertised prints. Will someone please contact me to let me know if a return is the best way to handle or if I can be sent the other two.
the Picture is very deceptive They are red orange yellow and purple dark something and what used to be white but the red bleed into it so they are not as depicted They are soo loosely wrapped I had to reroll every single one .
I love this brand but they sent me the wrong color I wish they would send me another one
Very inconvenient to add or remove slacks. I should have sent them back. Too late now.
Box was open and missing parts.
I don't always believe you get what you pay for, but in this case it's true. I'm keeping these very thin cheap sheets as a back-up set because my husband systematically ruins all of our sheets and I needed an extra set. The pillow case openings have completely come apart where the hem is sewed down - both of them. I bought the baby blue CAL King and it's more like a light turquoise, which I really like. The fitted sheet is very deep which is also a plus. If you are looking for some just okay sheets, here ya go.
The unit worked pretty freaking well. HOWEVER, about a week in I see this staining on the plastic. I figured it was just discoloration so I didn't do much about it. Turns out that area wasn't just discolored, but cracking. After 3 weeks, the cracks became more apparent and there went my humidifier. Let me add that I was and am delicate with my things bc guess what, I pay for them with my hard-earned money. Sadly, the unit leaked and thankfully I was there when it happened, but I had a huge puddle of water by my bed and I was left disappointed. I think I may have just gotten a bad unit, but still. Now I'm out a humidifier and I'm stuffy. -_-
Pants won't stay on. They slide straight off either from the front or back downward, or they slide out from the sides. Forget it if you want to get one pair buried under others, they all fall off. Great concept, but needs some velvet on the rungs to secure the fabric while hanging.
So flimsy. This would only hold up with a dishtowel or small bath towel. No way holds a pool towel. Way overpriced. Two stars for their return policy. My item had already been returned once.
"Fuzzy" thread. Continually caused issues w/ machine & thread breaking (Janome "workhorse" machine that usually works well w/ most any thread). Much better thread available at similar prices. Previously bought a different brand and never had a problem using in my Janome or Computerized Brother. Colors were little disappointing too.
I didn't read the reviews before i purchased the patchouli candies. I wish i would have. Everyone is correct in saying the candle is not as potent as the earlier Patchouli candle that was manufactured by Yankee. IMO All Yankee candles aren't potent anymore. They are way too over priced.
Terrible quality. Very cheap and thin.
I really wanted to love this product, but I don't. Like other reviews I've read, the glue is messy, sticks to my fingers, and doesn't stay on top of the sponge. I will try the suggestion from another reviewer to store it upside down. I'm also disappointed with the fact that the sponge swells (of course--that's what sponges do) and pushes the lid up, so it doesn't stay closed and dries out the sponge. I'm having to resort to taping the lid closed, which doesn't make it very convenient. I was hoping for something much different.
This company provides multiple disclaimers pertaining to "Horseshoes are of various sizes...". They ain't kidding. As you can see from the photo, this must have come off a small donkey or a miniature horse. This is just silly and no way to earn a good reputation.
Some of the bobbins work, some don't. They are thicker than the Brother brand bobbins and cause problems when sewing.
It's annoying to setup, it only runs for an hour then you need to re-fill it, and the wire is heavy enough to almost knock it over. I was hoping to leave it on for some ambient light in my bathroom, but since it runs dry in an hour then turns off, its not really useful. In the end, I threw it in the garbage.
The color is not accurate! It is purple! Of course I have no purple so I hung this in my garage. Not worth it!
Maybe my paint and medium isn't the best either, but this did not create hardly any cells- and when it did they were tiny! It wasn't what I was hoping for.
I disliked the product due to how flat the pillows were, I had to question whether there was filling of any kind in them. I give it two stars because the material did feel cool as advertised.
Product only lasted probably 10hrs before shorting out. Used it in bass amp for concerts. Would definitely purchase professional quality next time.
the shelf was not tall enough to go over our mini fridge with the freezer. it was about 3 inches to short and that would be with no shelf.
I like that was delivered quickly but dislike that they put it in a puddle.
Very thin and suction cups do not work at all. I put it on the back deck, since it was more of a safety risk in the tub.
Like the other review mentioned, this curtain was strangely short. I have also bought this brand before and it was fine. It only has about an inch to get below the tub. I seem to think it was a manufacturing defect.
Smaller than excepted
These are very cheap looking. They look like matte grey plastic (similar to the material of grey storage containers)...BUT it's not worth the hassle to send them back. They'll do for now.
it's more robe like, than rug like.
The tension bar broke off at the plastic joint at the bottom as others here have posted. Had this for just over one year. So for about $2 per month I can lease a paper towel holder.
Absolutely no shape suppprt
The handle won't stay attached to the rest of the mop
Loved it but came with some dark stains on it I can't get out
Extremely thin and looked really junky. I bought these to package up some products to send to customers but the material is akin to grocery store produce bags and looked like trash.
Light up on the ceiling didn't even last two months. Can not make out the time on the ceiling but can read it on the screen.
Picture is deceiving they Aren't as long or full as this photo suggests. Even reading the description I thought they were nicer than what we received. Oh well. Buyer beware.
I originally went searching for black & decker because I owned one for years when I was 25 years old & moved out on my own. Fast forward 25 years & this new line really sucks. Suction is great a long as battery keeps charge. Which it's not doing anymore. I've only owned this for 1 year just to puck up dust bunnies around corners where vacuum won't fit. Very disappointed
Item arrived with chip in glass. Box was not damaged. Was packaged that way.
These frames are very cheaply made and came with a crack on mine
Gets the job done but it is NOT mold/mildew resistant.
The fabric is very thing and the stiching is very visible. I won't be buying this product again
The product arrived with a huge hole in the bag! Half the pellets were on my front porch leaking from the box. For $30 a bag I would expect the item to arrive intact. I'm sure the product itself is great based off other reviews. This is rated a 2 star for how it arrived.
Looks just like the picture.. but is extremely small. Which sucks. Had to return.
Didn't look like picture at all. Very cheap looking.
Shipment arrived quickly but ordered the wrong scent, not a fan of this one
does not hold water. Water drains out after about 5 minutes
They don't hold things, break easily
Not sturdy at all. It comes apart easily when it is moved from place to place. Disappointing.
Takes for ever to heat up a room. this is good for a very small room.
Unit worked great for a few months and then the trigger froze. Purchased another brand to replace it.
I don't know what I expected, but this was a waste of money. It holds no advantage over traditional plungers when trying to clear a clog. The plus side? It takes up very little space and has its own enclosed stand.
The pillow cases are advertised with buttons, and the product I received does not have buttons. Not only are they missing buttons, but they aren't even long enough to cover a standard pillow. Very disappointing as they are clearly advertised in the picture.
Definitely more of a creamy yellow than white. Disappointed.
I was disappointed because it looked cuter on line, slightly frayed, and has a black marker line on the back. Amazon took it back
I had researched Nebulizer diffusers from a class I am taking and this does not diffuse well. Poor package instruction details as to how much EO to use in diffuser i.e. minimum/maximum. It does not diffuse long or emit much diffusion as others I have seen demonstrated. I would not purchase this diffuser.
I like the look but doesn't fit the phone.
It would be perfect without the shitty scotch you taped it all around the box. Look how it became after I carefully untapped. Look like shit! The rose inside is beautiful tho but I guess I have to buy the new box
Mine came with a white cheap plastic expandable rod to put the roll of toilet paper on. Not wrought iron or black as all the other photos show. I will be returning it the cheap plastic looks horrible on the metal frame.
My previous cushion has lasted years, I'm very surprised about the quality. It is very thin and the material on the outside makes it very slippery. So slippery I'm afraid to use it. I tried it for 8 hours with work and I almost fell a number of times
Unfortunately 4 of these were completely broken in half, and they feel extremely fragile.
Not happy with way it was shipped. They slapped a sticker on it and mailed the vacuum bag box as is, so when it arrived it was dented and torn. I'm all for saving on shipping boxes etc... but not if shows up damaged. The product is good. Quality vacuum bags that work great.
Good size but very hard pillow! No softness at all.
I have short dark brown hair and the paint came without a plastic protector thing and had a long ginger hair in it. The paint went on splotchy, easy to remove.
Item came dented and scratched right out of the box.
this was no ones fault but mine for not reading the size/
It was as described but was bent. The outside packaging needed label for the post office not to bend it.
My son loved all the jewels, but the box broke the same day he got it.
It left residual on my clothes. Buy the pod instead
Not eco friendly. A plastic container surrounded by a thin layer of bamboo. The pump is too short and doesn't reach but 1/2 the soap. Won't buy from this company again.
Not the best quality but the they will get the job done.
Received item it's actually small and fragile can't be use constantly. Not happy with this product
Although this is nice glitter, IT'S NOT ROSE GOLD, it's pink. Don't be fooled by the title. I was really disapppointed with it.
Loved it when I opened it, but then the umbrella wouldn't close. So I can't use it because I can't store it anywhere with it stuck open. So disappointing.
This does not stay standing up at all. No matter how much I try to twist it to tighten it, it immediately falls over.
I recently bought these and non of them came broken but some did have bold patches but that was ok since im only going to hang cloths, the only thing that i was upset is that they have a strong smell i left them out for a couple of days so the smell can go away but it didnt...
The color isn't like the picture had to return them!
Doesn't stick to the tub floor.
This thing is tiny read the review before you buy a letter size print. Little less than 12x16 inches actual size. Might as well print one yourself.
Good clock but the alarms don't work... the clock keeps time well and updates appropriately but neither of the alarms work...
I love my flocked tree, however one of the bottom limbs was broken upon opening. My husband managed to tie it up with zip ties to make it work. Since we had a party at our house the following weekend, we new we wouldn't have time to return it and get a new one.
They are very cheap for the price. The sawing was uneven in both side and end. Some of them had markings on them. It was too late to return them
It's really cute but the pump doesn't work and also came broken 😔
Great for your money and the quantity. The cons are the cards don't stay on them I had to tape them
Never accurate. Sometimes shows 10 degrees over actual temp. Outside receiver is not exposed to direct sunlight and is covered against getting wet from rain by awning.
This is the second of these trays that I have purchased. I loved the first one so much, that I decided to buy another. Unfortunately, upon opening the box, I immediately noticed a very unpleasant, very strong metallic smell. The smell was coming from the "bronze" metal that covers each edge of the mirror. It was so strong that it rubbed off onto my hands and was hard to remove. I did not have this problem with the original tray. So, this one will be going back.
Took 4 ever to find connections.
After fighting with these and getting my pan installed my pan came loose after a week
It's to big, bulky. I have a double stainless steel sink. This product might fit better in a larger tub. As far as mine nope. It sticks out and gives no room for washing. On my other side, I use it for my drying rack. So now I combine this product with that and use it for utensils.
This inflatable is cute, but the air nozzle did not stay closed and leaked all the air in about an hour. Pretty disappointed.
I bought two of these desks and the build quality is not very good on both of them. On the first one the holes that are supposed to be on the top of the desk were slanted and tore out repeatedly. On the second desk, one of the legs won't even screw in. Wouldn't buy again, it's not worth the hastle.
Love the color. Nice and soft, but it arrived with big run down the middle of it
Fits perfect but broke apart like the original. Bummer.
Poor pressure.... don't like it at all
Missing a huge section of sequins. I put a platter of food on top to disguise it but you could still see it. Looked like I picked it up at a yard sale or something not bought new for a party. Loved the color tho it's such a shame it came in like that.
I was really excited about this mirror, but ultimately disappointed. The light dimming feature did not seem to work well because when I dimmed the lights they would quickly flash like a strobe. It made it difficult to do makeup with constant flickering. The second thing that did not work was the tilt. I would tilt the mirror upward and it would fall right back down in a matter of seconds. It would not stay in place unless I held it
Didn't feel new, comforter looked used but dud like the style of comforter
these were were wire-not ribbon.
not sure how to use properly'
Being from a photo instead of a piece of artwork is very different. This was the most tedious, boring and ugly paint by numbers, I've ever done. I got so tired of black, blackest green and blackest brown.
i never received it. either stolen or not delivered.
Very cheap material, does not fully block light
Barely lasted, less than a year before the battery acids corroded out and it no longer works
Was not Burgundy More of a Rust Color Very Disappointed
I really liked this, but it only lasted about 9 months of use. It just stopped working altogether.
It was already damaged when we opened the box
Bag shows out the sides, making it look cheap. Otherwise would be 5 stars.
My main dislike is with seller. Several vacuum accessories were omitted from my package but I'm sure the seller is going to clean this right up.
This is definitely more of a duvet insert than a stand-alone comforter. It's not something I'd want showing on my bed, it doesn't have the border around the outside like the picture shows, and the color is totally off (I got mine in green).
the glass top is missing pieces to install it. I have tried calling the company's customer service, I have hard time reaching anyone at the company.
This was a great product for about three weeks. Then it started having problems, the music cut out if it was moved a micron. Now the charger and the music doesn't work unless I unplug and reinsert 10-15 times. The connection to my iphone 8 plus is wobbly. This isn't a good product.
Not well made. If you're buying a set, they're not likely to match really well.
Haven't had it very long and there are already holes in it. It is a bit large for my chair so a lot of manipulation was required to make it look decent. It did not stay in place long and looks sloppy most of the time. When I first put it on it looked great but it has failed the test of time.
Liked this at first but the good grips soon turned to just ok grips and it slides out of place from the water pressure, even though I clean it
I didn't check to see if each individual part fit in my unit. I replaced a few things and all was well until I went to replace the side brush to find the screw doesn't work with this replacement part. When an ad says it will fit my particular model and doesn't, it's more than a disappointment it's also a loss of money.
two of the boxes arrived broken. altho it is free to return them i don't have the box so it is a lot of trouble to send them back. the packing box was flimsy so that is probably how it happened. I could not find a contact seller link or i would have sent them a note.
Just chintzy. Looked a lot better in the picture. The base is cheap plastic & the tinsel branches are falling out. Too bad, I thought I'd really like it in my studio, but I'm just putting it in the grandkids' playroom.
The towels are not very thick. And really not worth the price. If you don't know the size of a typical beach towel then measure. My bad....: these are smaller than I expected.
The color was nice, but they were packaged in such a way that they were not individually separated. This caused them to bump against each other in shipping creating shards of glass which fell out when I opened them up. Also the metal ring at the top is not enough to safely hold the weight of the crystals. This is a poor product, and no care was put into packaging it. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone
So bummed. Made in China. My fault though for not thinking about that before I made my purchase.
I liked these at first and after a few uses they were regular markers. No glitter no metallic just plain markers. Disappointing. Will look for better more consistent next time
This isn't meant to be shipped in a bubble envelope; as a result of poor shipping methods the metal was bent out of shape (it was dropped at my door. I'd hate to know what the postal service would have done if they had to put it in our small mail box!). The metal isn't very strong so which some work I was able to bring it to a semi presentable condition and make the wax tray fit the metal light bulb area. Wouldn't but from these people again.
The zipper of the first bag that I used last week torn apart on the first use.
fabric bunches and does not fit my board
This clock is really beautiful. I loved it for the 10 days that it was hanging nicely on the wall... but during a very cold night - not sure if the cold affected this or not - we heard a huge crash. We found, to our great surprise, the clock laying on the floor! When I laid the clock on a flat surface, my husband (who was sitting at eye level to the counter) said that it was bowed. Sure enough, the whole clock was warped!! There was no way to hang it back on the wall. So, we returned it to Amazon. I was so upset because I really loved how this clock looked. Perhaps we got a dud? I would really like to buy this clock again, but I can't trust the quality of the product.... if you buy it, I hope that your wood stays flat and you can enjoy your beautiful clock. When we first hung up the clock, I noticed the back had two pieces of wood tacked across. This was for stability, I suppose - probably to stop bowing, but in our case it didn't work. The wood 'bumps' made it a bit awkward to hang the clock in the first place, but we did hang it correctly using the hole on the mechanism part. I think that for our clock the wood must have been slowly warping and eventually got to the point where it popped itself off the wall. The hanger in the wall is perfectly fine - it did not rip out, there was no damage there & it is strong enough to hold the weight.
Bags were kind of thin. Tree popped through easily.
Really like the colors of this quilt. HOWEVER the king size did NOT fit my King size bed!! Very upset with this!
It is rusting! I found a stain on the new sink top from the bottom of the container and the start of corrosion on the side of the container. Looks great, but what's the use if you can't get it wet.
It was very hard to install and keep on the AC.
Wouldn't have bought this ring if I thought it was going to be as cheap looking as it is. Was going to use it as a gift, but would rather throw it away. Don't bother getting it.
Poor quality, mine cracked at the bottom already. Smh, it's made it the USA.
Nice little stethoscope for my daughter to use but it comes apart easily. I need to get a good glue to piece it together
These burn very unevenly and quickly. I've tried five so far and all the same: half the wax is wasted when the wick disintegrates.
Not standard size...smaller than that. Did not feel any temperature decrease...didn't feel cooler. And specifically just for me, neither side of the neck support level was the right size. Need one in between heights given. So, not a good purchase for me.
This stopped working after a year. It leaks which shorts out the heating mechanism.
After a month of using this product the nozzle fell off and I have to continue to replace it. In all fairness I did buy two, one solo and 1 in a set. I'm pretty sure that this one is just defective.
These were very pretty right out of the box, and were quite bright for the first few weeks that I had them. But then it rained and they rusted. I didn't realize that a product made for outdoors could be damaged by a little rain. And the solar batteries wore down quickly. I'll choose a different product to replace them on my balcony.
I have a standard king and the sheets did not fit at all. The material seemed soft and durable. I just wish I could use them.
Received this product, was barely able to add half the amount of advertised ties onto it. There are 24 rungs and to use the 'front' of either side, all six ties need to be shoved in between the front and back rungs, which is just about impossible and not at all good for the storage of the ties.
This thing is so flimsy. I've paid similar at big box stores and they're all so much beefier than this thing. It's basically just for looks.
Very disappointed in this blanket. For 100 dollars, it should not have pilled in less than one month. I gave this to my husband for Christmas and have already had to go over it twice with the clothes shaver. It is no warmer than the throw I bought at the 5 dollar store.
Beautiful and the size was perfect but started getting rusty quickly only from humidity.
Not well made at all... the wood popped off the sides
the electronics have not reset so still says the filter needs to be changed.
The shoelaces are not too hard to install and they are good looking. However, one of the end clips on my laces seems to be defective and keeps popping off. It has been over 30 days since the purchase, I can't return them. If you buy them, make sure the clips close evenly and completely.
I want to love this (mostly because I do not love vacuuming), but I have only run this twice and it has already damaged three area rugs. I think that this may be better for hardwood only or carpet only floors. In my limited experience it seems to get messed up when it comes to the edges of the rugs placed on our hardwood floors (especially if the edges of the rugs are near other furniture or walls) - it over focuses on the perimeter of the rug and has frayed the edges. I would hate to see what would happen to the rugs if I were to use this on a daily basis. In it's defense, it does a super job on the hardwoods. Love the idea, but I am sending it back.
So....there's only 1 lid for the 3 boxes. I guess I didn't catch that in the description. Definitely would not have bothered buying these if I had known. Also, pretty light construction, so probably won't hold up to a lot of use. Definitely puts my reorganizing project on hold until I buy replacements. Not pleased.
“Set includes 10 pieces of 100 % cotton terry velour hand towels. Soft absorbent, very long lasting and durable.” Yes there are 10 towels, yes they are soft, but they are are only good for one job of drying hands. They remain too damp to dry hands twice. Also they are they are sized like oversized washcloths, they are definitely not real hand towels.
Bought this to replace my glass one that shattered thinking this would be more durable. Although it won't break when washing it, I'm disappointed in the quality of the parts that it came with. After about 2 weeks of normal use, the copper color is peeling off after each wash.
Very yellow, doesn't look like the picture
I bought this mainly to use on my car with my Armor All vac. Well right off the bat none of the attachments fit very well, but with the biggest adapter I was able to squeeze part of the vacuum hose in it so it worked. The straw themselves seem durable, but already got something wedged inside and can't get it out. During use one of the straws popped out too. Overall a barely decent attachment to get into smaller places. I'll keep using it, but I question the durability of this thing.
I liked the color but unfortunately, the seams tore and it only lasted a few months. It is not sturdy,
Since they are rubber and packaged in a small plastic sack, they are all deformed.... the kids still liked them in their goody bags, which is the only reason I'm giving 2 stars.
It's very comfortable when it isn't wrinkled. Unfortunately, it wrinkles incredibly bad no matter what you do. The picture was taken fresh out of the dryer. The pillowcase also discolored very badly and is now very unsightly. Overall I would not recommend this set
Item was very cute, unfortunately it arrived with the M in Mr broken. Very disappointing since I did not have time to exchange it.
Had to return, it feels like bathroom curtain material
These candles come in a very cute jar! I'll definitely reuse the jars for something when I'm done with the candles. However, the overpowering scents just smell unnatural. They're pretty to look at though. If I saw this item at the store, I would have paid maybe $3 for ONE of these for the sole purpose of using the pretty tin for something else.
The product came in cracked
It ripped too easily.
Had to throw away after a couple months because it started shedding really bad
I thought this could be stood up by itself but you have to hang it
I bought the blue it's not As the picture thin and color not as the picture shows
Although a ery attractive pattern, the sheets do not fit my California king. They are very uncomfortable to sleep on because they do not stay on. Also, the comforter is not really California king size. It's more king size and is slightly small for my bed.
Wish the chipboard was a little thicker.
Stopped working after about 3 months
Could not discern any scent from steam mop or floor...disappointed.
The design is nice and crisp, but the fabric has the most repulsive odor about it. My husband says it has the smell of blood, that tinny smell that gets ya in the back of the throat. I've laundered 3 times and used fabric softener, both of which did nothing for the stench. I live in FL, so I've had it out in the sun for several days now. Still it stinks. Any tips on what the odor is and how to kill it? I can't bring it in the house as the smell permeates the air and makes you want gag.
These sheets are very thin. I'm not sure how well they'll hold up to weekly washings.
I've been using this mannequin for a couple of months and the cheap quality has become very apparent. Every time I try to tighten it so it stays in place, it digs more and more Styrofoam out of the body. Not only does this fall all over my floor but it makes the hole inside the mannequin larger, so there is less grip. Over time, this has resulted in a torso that does not stand up straight. I have to spend a lot of precious time trying to find just the exact spot to get it to balance perfectly, otherwise it leans sharply to the side. Half the time I can't get it to balance at all. Vert disappointing.
Bought for car, but the base is smaller than the top, so it toppled over very easily. Perfect size, not great execution
Cost too much for the cheap quality of the board and bags. Instructions to assembly together is poor. Will not be purchasing this again.
I would give these a better review but there are a couple issues. First is the sheerness of the product. They are super thin and almost see through. The second and most definitely the worst is the fitted sheet. The elastic is weak and actually slides in the hem. We have a Tuft and Needle mattress. No topper and yet every night the corners creep up. Super disappointed in the quality. Yeah it was an inexpensive set but really???
The eyes are fine, nothing special. The case is awful. Doesn't close because the bottom and top are not the same size.
Too heavy, I feel like I'm being strangled. Is not keeping me cooler than my current blanket which was my goal also.
Received, didn't work. But they refunded money with no hesitation. And didn't make me go through the hassle of returning a defective product. So that's why 2 stars
Really cute and soft but with one wash all the inside corner seams have unraveled :( I hope I can salvage it with my sewing machine, but really disappointed.
Quality was low and the filled folders did not sit well or hold their shape
Not sure I will be able to keep this as I'm not able to close it and yes my brother sewing machine fits inside....my son is coming over today and if he can't close it......RETURN
A lot smaller than anticipated. Will Work great. But the picture look to be a bigger skull, what I received would fit in the palm of my hand, and I'm a small person
The design of the sponge holder should work but the plastic is so fragile it was broken in many pieces when I received it. I was able to get a full refund from Amazon. The suction cups were pretty flimsy.
Nice but not tall enough. I am 5'4" and this still was a few inches too low for my neck. Even when placed on the tray in front. Because of that, my neck hurt bending down into the resting hole. Ended up shifting all ten hours of my flight. It didn't feel as if it helped much. Will be searching for a better option.
I received this today and I'm disappointed that the Velcro pieces are falling off and the little decorations do not even stick to the Velcro on the tree.
Smaller than expected. But, not too shabby for the price.
Kinda low quality. Not worth the money.
They're good on keeping things separated but they're very flimsy I thought the top was a little bit more sturdy but it's purely fabric
I don't like this brand. It cracks and doesn't look good.
I was using them to make a wreath. The flowers are very small. The length of stem was fine but heads of flowers did not work for me. I will feel nd more and supplement to make wreath.
By s reading of their description I assumed I was going to receive something thick and plush. Nope! For the price, I could buy almost 3 at Costco-which I noted to be thicker and better looking
Liked the sconces but one was off balance where the candle sits. Disappointing. My stove element fit perfectly.
I love Oracal 651 vinyl. I use it all the time. And that's the only reason that this product got any stars at all. The handling of this product was the disappointing part. The roll was wound so tightly that the last eight or so inches is unusable because of creases. And the first inch or so is made unusable because of the non-removable sticker. This all would have been less of an issue if the vendor had oversized the vinyl a little. That would be a good solution. However, the fact is that the roll was undersized. It was by only an inch, and that would have been more acceptable on its own. But the combination of these two issues is unacceptable.
My daughter ripped it apart in minutes. Not very sturdy. Waste of money.
Easy to set up and understand. Great product that works like a champ. However after two (2) months the wind speed stopped reporting to the reporting station. Everything else still works. I have used all wireless channels and changed batteries multiple times but wind speed still does not report. Have contacted the company and waiting a response.
Worked great for a while both cords only work intermittently. they made it 3 months. I've also noticed that they stop working completely when there is an apple update so apple has probably figured out a way to make you only buy apple chargers.
Looks kind of cheap. Thin fabric shows pillow underneath. Not great but for what I paid I wasn't expecting luxury.
I purchased this to fill my home with the great scent using my oil diffuser. While the scent is still fabulous, this oil does not give off a scent that lasts but just a very short while. I've purchased other brands that last the entire 6 hour cycle, sadly this one does not.
I was really impressed when I received this bedding! I love the color and the simplicity of the design and how it still looked very romantic and relaxing. However, I just washed it and it came out looked marbled.. almost like wrinkles but lighter gray in the fabric. I followed the instructions and also only washed it by itself so I'm very disappointed that this is what it looks like now.
Item received has stains. Really disappointed
The material is OK, For a shower curtain it's very strong, so is the odor which is not OK.
Got one on fine, but the other one the zipper broke the first time I put it on. Now it looks like, you know.
I love the blanket, it's soft and warm and the plug stays in place nicely but after less than 2 months of me using it, it stopped heating. I have no idea what happened, it was working great, then just stopped getting hot. The controller still lights up but no heat.
Doesn't go across the floor as well as the ones with nubs. Scraping the floor with the plastic parts of the steamer
This product was a wedding gift that never came on the day it was suppose to, so I wasn't able to give it at the wedding. When i checked tracking it was delivered to my neighbors house. My address is plain to see on my porch.
One of the sheets had two snags or defects in the fabric
Tubes clog up too easy and I thought the tubes would be a little more flexible!!
This bedskirt was NOT made of poly/cotton as advertised but is 100% microfiber polyester. It was totally wrinkled and needed to be ironed before use. I purchased it because I thought I was getting poly/cotton.
not sturdy but cute. Very cheaply made.
Does not burn very long.
Does not seal, DO NOT BUY THIS
They did not come with the rubber seal that goes around the top of the filter!
Netting broke lose after only a few months and it was impossible to repair. After that, less lint was caught each time until it was nothing. I would expect a product meant was use in washing machines to last at least a year, until there's a real chance for wear and tear- not simply unraveling.
There are much better fitted sheets out there. This one is ill-fitting and extremely thin. Not worth the price.
Candles are not in sync so in order to get them all on at the same time you have to continue to press the remote over and over.. very frustrating
Bought 2 of these fans but only 1 works. Did a return on it, but had to drive to UPS store to send it back
I love the feel of it! I found it easy to work with. BUT! The were two separate strands in the skein (normal; it's fine) and the coloration did not match. Using the same skein, I ended up with the two different color changes shown in picture. It's a little hard to see but one is a pretty smooth transition with white, gray, and black. The other (on the right) is very obviously just white wrapped around black. Either would be fine, but not both in the same skein, on the same project. Major bummer!
This is rather stiff/too firm. It hurt my neck more than no pillow at all.
I love the weight , pattern, color, plus comfort. They price is not bad too.
This is super cheap for a reason, when you assemble it, it breaks easily and is unstable. The moment I placed my shoes on the top row it just broke. Don't bother with this product
These decals are transparent so if you don't have white or off-white walls, don't waste your money. Regardless of what the descriptions say, they are not vinyl! Vinyl decals can be put on any color wall and look great, these don't.
I received this item absolutely trashed. It was not placed in a shipping box. Metal frame was badly bent and damaged. In addition some of the plastic vertical blinds were damaged. Very disappointed. I bought two other vertical blinds just like this one and they came in a shipping box and we're not damaged. I don't know if it was an issue with the shipping company used such as USPS because the other two didn't have a problem and were shipped by other sources.
The print was only on one side and the material was not velour but a cheap cotton. I was really disappointed but it was a gift and I needed it then.
Bag has no structure, looked ideal on website. Bag sits on shelf and not used.
Not 20x20 these are 18x18. Had to buy new inserts.
Beautiful set, wish they worked. Tried 12 different pens, they colored for about 10 strokes then nothing. No amount of shaking or scribbling on a scratch pad got them to work.
I figured with the three fans it would be very powerful and move a lot of air in which my normal two bladed fan blows more air than this description says 40% more air....that's false doesn't move anymore air then the other one if anything it moves less.... Would not buy.
Came already broken !!!!
I own many poster frames and this one was super hard to put together. Lame. Last time I order these ones
They are not great pins for sewing & quilting. The surface is rough & most pins aren't sharp enough
It works as advertised for about 2 seconds. I can maybe get through 1/2 a shirt (I wear a size small) before it loses all stickiness & no longer works. You then have to rinse it & wait for it to dry before continuing. This is extremely inconvenient, especially when trying to quickly remove lint & pet fur off my clothes before work. I've had to switch back to traditional paper/disposable lint rollers.
A little flimsy and the mirror started peeling after a few days. Otherwise it's functional.
Colors are not as shown in the picture. I like the pink as shown in the pictures, mine however is red.
i really like the absorbency of these towels, but all have unraveled around the edges....have not even had them a month! very disappointing!
It's serving its purpose, but it's pretty flimsy and stupidly hard to put together. The screws didn't fit very well.
The laundry bags themselves are very durable, and easy for removing/moving if you are going to a laundry mat. However the "polls" do not stay at all. You will insert one and the other will pop out. I eventually gave up and threw them away. The bags are sitting on my floor.
I found it difficult to remove and replace the dust cup and nearly impossible to attach either the tube or vacuum head to the power unit. It was lightweight and easy to handle but the struggles switching between the floor mode and furniture was unbearable and increased the time to complete my work.
Worked for a few months but ultimately just junked out.
This picture makes it look very pretty what I received looks awful
Doesn't hold as much weight as I thought. Can't re-use once you've stuck it onto something. Acrylic and adhesive cracks easily.
This sleep sack is cute and soft however the neckline comes up too high for my baby where she's able to grab the material and start biting on it. I have one that's more of a v neck that works better.
I had this for not even 2 months and it's stopped holding air. It's holds a lot of heat so if you dont mind night sweats, this is the product for you.
My wife bought this and didn't sleep on it but one night and it now resides in the closet in case we have a guest for the couch. It looks nice, is seemingly a good idea but just did not work for her.
I loved the bear but they should tell u that it comes in 2 shipments one for package info and one for the best and my packaging was actully trash it seemed used with dirt all over it and the clear package was like white u can't even see though it because it was so bad
It's very thin and I don't think it should be priced at $40. I wish I could return it because I feel I paid to much but to much time has passed.
not easy to read, the cord was so short it did not go from to of the dresser to the plug. cord was way to short
My son loved his elephant he would listen to it every time he went down for a nap or sleep at night. We've had it since the beginning of February this year but it today the music has stopped playing almost like the speaker went out.
Love the color, love the style and love the function. One of the metal things was bent and it is not able to be fixed. Still can use it though. Just unfortunate after searching for months...
Target makes a great percale sheet set for about $45. Was trying to save some money. Didn't work, lol.
The rolls are very small for the price and the colors are not as vibrant as in picture. I was not very pleased with this purchase since I had wanted to git this to someone, and the package arrived a month after track the package said it would.
Either some individuals that posted reviews never really smelled Palo Santo wood before or have been given less than quality wood. It is strong and aromatic without even lighting it. This was not the case. The aroma was very faint and smelled like a topical spray was added. The smudge sticks smelled like Basil and other kitchen herbs. I really don't like to write poor reviews but this one was really a disappointment.
These are very soft towels but after only one wash and dry they are unraveling quite bad. Only one towel made it out safe. Not impressed. Photo attached.
Arrived with broken lens
Received a sample yellow cloth with a jewelry purchase and it made my jewelry sparkle like new with ease. I felt like I had to work a lot harder to get the same results with the blue cloth.
It's made out of cheap material, the only thing that's sturdy is the circle. My daughter liked it so I'm keeping it because it's for her room.
Does not clean well (all my clothes are cotton) - soaking doesn't help. No fresh scent to cleaned clothes. Clothes do not stay fresh. Takes more product to get best clean. NEEDED NON-SULFUR (extremely allergic) - Oxygen Brightener suggested - DID NOT HAVE SULFUR LISTED IN INGREDIENTS in online description. Needless purchase as cannot use.
Disappointed in its performance on a 3 year old electric stove oven.. maybe I expected more, but wouldn't purchase it again...
It is a fixed vacuum cleaner that worked less than a year.
Nothing wrong with the needles, thread, or anything else in the kit, but the sliding plastic case it came in arrived broken. It's not something I use frequently and it's really just a 'for emergencies' thing in my toiletry bag so it's not a big deal, but I'm not impressed.
It's definitely a off brand. You have to cut it to size. Not worth the buy. I'd rather go to Best Buy and get the real deal with spending the extra money and time to get the right product and suction power for the thing to do the proper job. Plus not make all the noise because it's not working properly. Definitely not worth the buy.
I returned this. The color isn't as it appears on my screen and I will never buy sheets again without seeing and feeling them in person.
It skidded all over my front foyer, not nonstick as described. My dog loved the shag, but I will be replacing with with a rug with a more rubberized backing.
Did not come with rubber bands or the little rubber band applicators
Its a stinky adhesive and it stuck to the table so fast even with two of us doing it. I was slowly using a credit card to smooth out all 1000 of the airbubbles and it ripped. And it's so sticky I can't redo it so I guess I'm buying a table cloth if I get a refund on this. The marble pattern is also super light, looks like a big white shiny sticker in my sun room. Ugh my mistake for trying
The Brush and the filters worked great, but after like a week the rollers' edges had worn down to the point they couldn't pick up anything.
I specifically got this alarm clock because the Amazon page specifically indicated that no batteries were required. I didn't want batteries to be the only method of having a working alarm clock because my kids will take them out to use for toys boy low and behold these only operate using batteries.
The pillow is REALLY cold, even thru covers, however its the synthetic smell ALSO passes thru covers (I've only had it for a month). The cold easily dissipates on touch and it actually gets really warm. A 10$ Serta pillow i got from Walmart stays cold longer. Not worth it.
Disappointed - it leaves smudges.
it can't keep water hot for 12 hours just a big lie
Doesn't have the power or capacity to do much at all. Get a larger, more expensive model.
Very cheap, I had to put most of them back together to use them. Did not suffice to hold back up goggle straps during skydiving (not as much pressure as you'd think)
Remember, you get what you pay for ! Threw it away. The seam was beyond obnoxious.
Battery compartment was missing the screw and would not completely shut causing it to pop open. I returned this item and ordered something else instead.
These are super cheap and hard to work with. Also, I do not recommend putting these cheap pieces in your ear.
I was very dissatisfied with this product. My 5 year old daughter that weighs 37 lbs had it for 4 days and it ripped.
I ordered these and even paid for same day delivery. 4 days later, multiple calls and finally showed up. To late as these were a gift and the day had passed. You can get these cheaper and quicker even at Walmart.!
20 x 20 was only 14 x 14. Not as described.
These stuck to the countertop so would leave a dark mark and come loose before too long.
After allowing the pillows to breathe and putting In the dryer, I laid down for a good nights sleep that didn't happen. This pillow is so firm it's almost brick-like.
I don't really write reviews, but I rely so much on them when purchasing, its only fair. I had this chair delivered March 6 2018 and gave it chance to be broken in. Aug 2018, this is not a comfortable chair at all. I use a cushion to help with comfort. It helps me annoy my family with the loud squeaking (when reclining) lol. Also seem to lose the tension for reclining (keep having to tighten more). It is nice looking and VERY easy to assemble, but I wouldn't purchase again.
Not very sharp, a little disappointed
After the first time I washed this, the fabric puckered and when I tried to iron it, I was unable to get it smooth again. I am no longer using it. Don't recommend.
This shower curtain is just ok in my opinion. Nothing great , the color is way off from what is pictured but will do for now . Don't expect good quality when buying ..it's very thin material and alot lighter and more on the orange burgundy side.
You get what you pay for I guess. It was the right color and right price but that's about all. The fabric is cheap and fitted sheet quickly stretched out of shape. Bed always looks rumpled.
Like that it's metal not plastic, however I should have listened to other reviewers. It definitely wobbles & it's difficult to iron with a wobbly ironing board. I use a rug underneath which helps but would not purchase again
Got for kids in bath. VERY bumpy not comfortable for children
I ordered this last year. Works great, but has never locked closed. Thought it was just supposed to be held shut, so that's what I've always done. Realized it should be able to lock. I've adjusted the pressure dial and have tried pushing extremely hard even when closing it, but it never has locked. Hoping to find answers, I took to the manual and the internet without any luck.
This little steamer is compact and would be handy to pack, however, it did not seem to steam very efficiently, went through water rather quickly (it is on the small side, so that's a given I guess), but the worst part is it stopped working after two separate uses... oh well.
I bought this hoping it would be a huge advantage to my new Powermatic roller. I should've made one myself. The tobacco just stays in the hopper and has to be pulled down to put into the machine. When it arrived, I laughed and told my wife it looked like someone made it in their garage. It's certainly not worth the money.
The box and product were damaged. Horrible return process.
I ordered 2 small candles, and they packed them in a huge box with nothing to keep them from rolling around. When they showed up they were broken.
One works fine so far. One does not work. Changed batteries just in case and still no. 2 for 10$ get what u pay for :-/
It doe do all the things as stated... although poorly. The red glow does not shine bright and even with a UV light fades ultra fast when a light source is removed.
Not what i expected. Doesn't smelling nothing like the Catholic church. I went to Easter ceremony at the church this year and smell this one. Not the same resin. It's more like Buddhist incense smell. I got robbed. Waste of money. I guess, i just use in the backyard to keep the mosquitoes away. I only add the extra star, because it came in with incense holder and it look nice.
gift for friend. It's a tapestry, not a beach throw, blanket, or tower. very very thin. good for hanging on wall but probably not taking to the beach.
Looked exactly as pictured, but doesn't work. Disappointed
Disappointed in these. The tips don't line up, and the machining left sharp edges and burrs around the joint area. Touch up with a file helped the latter, but there's not much I can do to fix the alignment. All that said they will probably still work well enough, so there's that.
Very cheap looking and wobbly
Very bright yellow gold. Not as pictured at alll
I received the thermometer and it was broken, so it doesn't work.
I liked it at first but 2 months later it did this .melting corrosion dont know why or if I should keep using it I'm afraid to use it now
Sticker is very nice but it does not stick to the wall! Arrived in packaging that looked opened.
The product was made out of flimsy material.
These seem to hold well. Using them on the outside of our glass shower. Went on nicely and easily, we are using them for towels. However, there were only 5 in the pack. Will be contacting seller and will update one way or the other.
Was really strong when we first purchased and now it's weak.
Hour hand got stuck on the temperature dial (bent too low), so it would only go to 9 o'clock. NO FREE RETURN
Super hard to get it to stick to my fabrics. Super disapointed. Won't recommend at all.
Doesn't pick up cat hair! It's lightweight and picks up other things but when it comes to cat hair doesn't work very well. Also the brush doesn't spin in general, which might be part of the problem!
I ran this about three hours at a time 3 times a week since I purchased it in April. I'm extremely disappointed that it has died in 5 short months. There's not much output of mist either. Won't be purchasing any more products from this company.
It was awfully weak. It didn't take for me personally. It lasted up until it dried.
While the product is fine, the jar was shipped in a mailing envelope and it leaked all in the bag, which meant I lost a good bit of it. It was too big of a mess for me to want to ship it back. Very disappointed in packaging.
These candles were good for the price but you get what you pay for the quality is terrible the wicks are really cheap and don't hold up, I will not buy this again.
This product is so pretty and easy to use. But it spits out water and get all o er the space you are running it. I love the looks of the light, but havent used it much because it's so messy.
The buttons are cute, but the product description needs to change. It says 650 pieces but the label on the jar says 400 pieces.
Mini clothespins are useable. Not so happy with the jute, its too large for the hole in the clothespins.
I like how it displays on the ceiling but I just wish it could have been a bigger casting of the the stars. But other than that I'm pleased I bought it
We liked this fan at first but after a few uses, the battery life was short and then one day it wouldn't turn on and the unit around the battery started smoking! We got our money back. Love the idea, but not that great in the end.
Water weeps through in ling showers.
Deliver was quick (maybe too quick). Just received today and ordered on Thursday, April 26. Jewelry Box is nice from initial looks (besides what I'll mention below). The felt inside is nice and looks to be well done - inside. The wood though obviously isn't real, it would not have these marks on it. The knobs (ALL 4) came in the packaging OFF and juggling around the cloth bag the entire jewelry box came in. They were broken, they do not screw on either. SMH! I'll be requesting an exchange immediately! If this happenes again I want a FULL REDUND!
Blows cool air but nothing close to cold. I have to run it for hours to get my room cold. Thank god it comes with a remote because a few days after buying it the control panel on the air conditioner stopped working, so the only way to turn it off and on is to use my remote. Would not recommend. With the money that I spent on this I'm very displeased with the results. Definitely expected more.
Sheets were great for 4 months. Unfortunately after that the elastic in the fitted sheet broke. Now they don't stay on. Had to buy new sheets. Went with a different brand this time. Hopefully we have better luck
The outdoor sensor has already failed! Very disappointed in this product!!! It's also hard to read unless your standing directly in front of it.
My head keeps falling of the pillow.Was to small for a standard pillow case..
It's more of an optical illusion than anything else. Didn't save any space. Gave it two stars because it allowed my daughter to be able to hang up her own clothes because it hung down so low.
Started pumping out smoke after 2 days.
Had it on for hours and only barely warms a small room, wishes I had return it.
Just got in my soap dispenser. I peeled the labels to place on each container and there was no adhesive on them. I tried their website but it is in China and was unable to register to even communicate. So, if there is a problem, forget about support. Will update my review after installation. The amazon rating was too good to believe and I got sucked into buying.
Not as pretty when made as the picture
Handle broke off immediately. The basket is still good though. Without the handle, theres nothing to pull it so the wheels aren't useful anymore. It just serves as a regular hamper now, and this is too much money for just a hamper.
Was missing a pillow. Other than that it was pretty good. Same as Walmart blankets that you can get for $40 so definitely over priced.
I didn't like that fact that I didn't received the clasps shown in the picture. My wife was really looking forward to receive the ones shown here. You receive pretty much whatever they have in stock or they feel like sending you, we got one clasp repeated 3 times (30 total). :(
Mine is too narrow. It does not cover mistakes with colored inks well at all.
This was smaller than stated. Upon closer inspection the flowers looked cheap. Made in China, I returned mine. Someone is making the big bucks. It also looked dated, like it should be hanging in a Golden Girls set.
These would work fine as a vase where you don't need to see what is inside. But if you need to be able to clearly see what is inside the vase these will not work. The glass is very warped to the point where you cannot clearly see what is inside the vase.
I only received one patch (I ordered two-pack). Other than that, it's a good product.
I was in love with this vacuum for the first couple weeks. I've had this robot going on 2 months now, only been used maybe once a day.. and it is now so loud and obnoxious. Even on the quiet option. It gets stuck everywhere. It's only downstairs on wood floor and the area is not really that large. Super disappointed that I finally splurged and got this to have it barely functional after not even 2 months..
Too big to wear around the neck but it served it's purpose for one day, won't be using it again.
Zipper should be hidden also material isn't good
CHEAP. 2 have already busted.
I hate writing bad reviews, but oh boy, it took me 2h now to wash my little Nyc one bedroom apt. Someone said in the review that it does not stick stick to the floor and I thought...what?? Well now I know what she/he meant. When you try to go back and forth with a mop it lifts and falls aside. So you can go just one direction- forward. While I enjoy how it easy it is to build, I like the pads and how it spins, but you just simply can't wash the floor because it keeps falling aside
I have a thick mattress and bought the cal king size and this is def not deep pocket. It kept slipping off so I returned it. They're ok sheets dunno why it's so raves about.
Color doesn't lift well off paper, it pills up. I won't purchase this paper again.
The down side about this product is the white paint falls off every time when you open it.
Not very sturdy. Older ornament hooks withstood at least a little bit of ornament weight. These bend with the slightest bit touch. These are plastic-coated wires that are very, very flimsy.
It didn't come with a nice box as the other Hallmark keepsake ornaments. Batteries were haphazardly thrown in the box. Not elegant or keepsake quality. Returning.
They do not look as the picture but they are definitely cute. And perfect size for newborn as stated. I'm reviewing as a two star because the feathers also started to fall off. So i know it's cheaply made.
Whole set felt very coarse. Washed multiple times with fabric softener, tried to break it in and it feels like something you would buy $10 from any store. I was a bit disappointed as it had lots of reviews praising it.
Was nice while it lasted, but suction cup started failing a couple months after purchase, and the 3rd time the clock fell the screen cracked and the LCD broke.
I bought 3 and 2 stopped working after a year.
I didn't like this iron as you cant see the settings dial to know what you set it on. When using the steam feature the area around the dial setting sweat up a storm. The cord is only 6 feet long. Returned and got an iron from Kohls for half the price and it works great and the settings dial is more user friendly.
Not full and fluffy like my old electrostatic duster. I should have returned it. I'm disappointed that it's not as useful as my old one because it's so thin. For what it's worth, the handle is much better than my old one. The handle isn't much good on its own, though.
I do not like this reacher tool. It's too heavy for me and it takes a bit of strength to operate. I need to use both hands. I won't buy it again and will go back to buying a lighter tool.
cheaply made. missing all the protective covers for the "feet" but one. not as described
We use these bags for clothing purchases in our shop. Many of the handles are not well glued and come loose when the customer picks the bag up from the counter. We will be looking for another vendor.
The pillows are very comfy, but my issue is that the zipper broke after a few weeks of use and the stuffing came out everywhere. They would be great pillows if only the zipper was better quality and stayed intact. I would not purchase again because I doubt the poor quality was a one off situation.
I bought this based off the reviews and saw a few good one but I've had these pillows for a week now and they're the worst pillow I own. They came and seemed okay the first day I thought the bulk it had and roundness would go down after using it but it's still super big and not comfortable. Holds my head up way to high like I have my so lifted my necks kinked too far above from the rest of my body. I don't know if I got a bad set or what but I'm now back on amazon to find a different more flat normal pillow. Attached a picture of my normal pillow for size comparison and it's almost double the size/height.
Smaller bags than I thought — I guess I don't know what 1 lb of little rocks would look like.. Bags came ripped and even worse is it came in a box of other stuff I ordered so all of my items had a slight dust to them / rock rubbing up against paper-back books is no good >_<
I didn't receive the straw that actually sucks up the soap when pumped. I got two pump nozzles when it says it comes with one and one screw on lid. Now I have to find a piece of straw to fit. Had I known this it would have been cheaper for me to go to hobby lobby and by the set but I was looking for convenience of ordering and having it delivered to the house being on bed rest.
This item was a disappointment! Too thin which makes it easy to tear. Not happy and wish I could get my money back!
It is a beautiful comforter however it did not assist with regulating body temperature for promoting a cooling effect for heat fluctuations during the night.
Didn't come with a drawstring so it wouldn't stay on. I had to rig it with a shoelace
These are adorable hooks but tend to fall off the rod when you move the curtain back.
The mats are not thick enough for my cricut machine, the get sliced through when using them. I had to place tap on the back to get a full use of them.
Shower curtain is beautiful but sadly did not read the description carefully. Shower curtain was too long.
In my.opinion, the frame is very cheaply made. Im sorry I opened it because I would not use it
They don't line up well; about half a centimeter off in height which makes it even harder to tell that its a heart
I've had these for about 4 months now. When they first arrived I was surprised by how noisy and crinkly they were. Now after several washes they are still not to my liking (though a little softer). They also seem to run both hot and cold, and not in a good way. If it's cold when I get into bed, they feel cold and not cozy (unlike flannel or jersey sheets). Then in the middle of the might I often awake hot and sweaty. I don't think they are very breathable. I wish I'd returned them.
Gave this a 2 because I ordered the Buy Cows and got Buy Chickens. Returned the Buy Chickens for a refund, then re-ordered Buy Cows - and got Buy Chickens AGAIN! Quality is good and I like the signs, but didn't receive the sign I ordered either time. Disappointed.
If you are looking for a pillow to help balance your back this is NOT it!
Read the fine print. Cover only
I ordered white and got a brown one :(
I purchased this and never received it. I would still like my item!! While Amazon finally refunded me- I want the item. Frustrating. It's a great mold. I'm not sure if it was Amazon or the seller's error... Either way. Send the item, please.
Nice but didn't for my machine.
I have 2 soap dispensers. It worked great on one but not the other. I think the tubing was too big for the first one so I was getting air bubbles. The other the tubing fit tight and it works great. The instructions state to remove the tube from the pump and hook the new tube they supply directly to the pump. Unfortunately the tube does not come out of my dispenser: UPDATE: THIS will not keep a prime. I thought it was going to be the answer to constant refilling of the dispenser for the soap. I threw it in the garbage
case is nice silver ware to cheap
Can't tell which side is the plastic film or the iron side. Have cut on wrong side numerous times. Wasted the vinyl. Get a lot in the pack for price. Just not easy to use.
One of the bamboo strips was cracked. And the whole thing once assembled is very flimsy. I like the fact that it had a fabric insert that you can detach and wash periodically.
Only one of the four would stick to the wall
Quality of the image wasn't great :( I sent the photo ahead of time for review for suitability and was told it was fine, but when I got the final product there was a weird straight line across one of the faces making it look like some kind of mustache (no mustache on the person's face in the picture sent). Image was also smaller than expected so it didn't really fill the heart fully. Great idea, poor execution. I was disappointed.
Very fragile. They are shipped with the lightbulbs in the candle so one came broken. I couldn't get the broken bulb out so I had to throw it away. What is up with the SHORT electrical cords? They are maybe 3 feet long. Why? So dumb. I had to scrounge up some 3 extension cords to use them in my front windows. Really lame. I should have returned them but...
I really wanted to like this product, because I felt like I was wasting the zip lock bags of take with me to work. Unfortunately, using regular ziplock sandwich bags are better. These are for sure heavy duty silicone bags, but they were just too heavy of a material to be putting snacks into. They were also difficult to clean after use, especially with food crumbs in them. Maybe I just don't have the patience to use them and wash them, but i'd prefer using normal zip lock bags instead.
It has 2 seems running down it instead of it being 1 solid piece, it's 3 smaller pieces sewn together. If you have it hanging taunt you can definitely see the seams.
Couldn't get these on...needs a zipper on the side. Otherwise, super cute!
Fair wood burner... the burner has to cool down completely prior to changing the tips... or the threads will get messed up... these modern wood burning tools are basically throw away items... not worth the money spent on them. They need to make a latch type of connector or something else... so the threads don't get messed up... and we don't have to waste so much time waiting for everything to cool down between changing each tip... ridiculous.
Melted away too fast. Better brands out there
Broke after a week of use.
The glow paint didn't really glow.
I am shocked I even bought this at this point they don't even have a hard bottom they're very cheaply made not worth the price
I'm disappointed in this product. It takes several hours for this thing to heat the towels sufficiently to take off any "chill." If you're looking for a nice toasty towel, you'd be better off throwing it in the drier. I had the Brookstone towel warmer and that thing worked great -- unfortunately it only last 2-3 years. Now they've discontinued it so I'm searching for a suitable substitute. After this product I have to keep looking.
Not as durable as I thought it would be.
Super thin material, can NOT be used as a rug. We used it as a table cloth. Very disappointed.
Really needed orange for thanksgiving project and got a tea/green colored “yellow” which doesn't coordinate with anything. Two stars for speedy delivery.
Only good thing is the brass hand grip. The shaft has a bend and the collars do not fit proper. Guess it is more of a walking stick to beat off dogs. I hesitate to put any weight on it.
My toilet seat is plastic and not flat on the bottom. The glue on the parts holds for a day even though I tried to clean the area and stick it on the flattest area. Finally, I used the Supper Glue to attach. Glue option should be included in their instructions.
Weak metal. But cute for dress up fun.
The poster was scratched up and disconnected from the white backing. Happily I got a replacement, but this one didn't come with a clear front for the second time this happened as well as a few scratches on the frame. I wish there were someone else to buy from for this price.
The quality of these is so poor worse than a dollar store find.
My head was basically in the floor. Not sure if it's my door knobs that we're too low or what.
This clock is easy to set up but I would like an option to leave the backlight on all the time.
I loved this wax warmer at first. It's so easy to clean the wax out of the silicone bowl. However, it started leaking after the first few uses and the little plastic gasket around the bottom, started breaking down, so now the ceramic lamp part is tilted. The quality is not so good.
Missing one of the rings that hold it together. The book itself is very cute, but not useful without the rings. The book was packaged very poorly, so it's easy to see how the ring could fall out. Bummer because I was hoping to give to my BF before our wedding, but there is no time now to exchange it.
Every piece came broken so I had to glue them together. This could have been avoided if they packaged it differently.. they packaged this fragile item in a bubble wrap envelope . Really ????
There was a minor stain on the product when I opened the zipper, so I returned it without taking it out. The colors looked a bit dull in person. Didn't use it so can't comment on the softness etc.
these were too big for my microwave
Didn't feel like their 8x10 cellophane...not crinkley enough. Feels like the cheap Walmart stuff. But I do like their 8x 10 cello bags
Hard to work with in tight places
More cheaply made than I expected from the picture.
The cotton in the blanket always seemed to move so I had to fix it everytime. It felt good though.
Just received the package and we received it broken. Very disappointed.
Didn't make much of a difference
Was not able to sleep well using this product. A friend recommended it and said it did wonders for her so maybe I'm just that one that it didn't help. Thanks for making it easy to try though.
My diffusers have already stopped working.
I'll probably buy a better quality pillow next time. It you want your pillows to look like the one in the picture, by all means, purchase.
Use Case I purchased two of these units to store seasonal decorations in an offsite storage unit. I didn't need anything heavy-duty, from a weight bearing standpoint, but I did need the largest rolling racks I could find. This item appeared to be a good size, at a reasonable price. Packaging/Build Quality The shipping box arrived intact with no visible damage. All of the items were present when I opened the box. There wasn't really any packaging material to speak of, except for some plastic spacers that allow the shelves to be stacked without finish damage. The poles are each in two pieces, and there are a number of bags of shelf stops. The leveling feet are already mounted to the poles, while the casters are in a plastic bag that's ziptied to one of the shelves. Assembly is indeed tool-less, but it would be a good idea to have a boxcutter to detach the goodie bag, and possibly a rubber mallet to tamp the shelves down on the tapered, clamshell stops. While the finish quality is fine, 4 of the 6 shelves had noticeable damage which probably affects the load bearing capacity of the unit. Assembly/Appearance Assembly is a fast affair. I removed the leveling feet and screwed in the casters. From there put one set of stops on the bottom of each caster adorned rod. I didn't screw the poles together so I wouldn't have to deal with guiding shelves down 6 feet of poles. Once I positioned the first three shelves, I screwed in the top rods and finished placing the rest of the shelves. Unfortunately the degree of shelf damage kept the shelves from sitting completely level. I used a rubber mallet to get everything seated properly. Performance Once assembled, the unit is fairly square and holds everything that I wanted to put on it. Keep in mind that the damage probably affects the load-bearing capacity of the shelves, but I'm not putting anything heavy on it in the first place. Conclusion The low review is because of all of the mangled parts. It would be one thing if the damage came in the process of shipping, but some of the interior shelves in the stack showed the exact same damage (pictured). I'm not going through the hassle of packing everything back up and getting to a shipping location. I definitely DO NOT recommend this item, given my experiences (but YMMV).
I really liked this necklace. I wanted a mustard seed necklace and liked how this one had the Bible verse also. Two weeks after I started wearing it the heart got so dark that I can't see the mustard seed anymore. The chain also turned really dark. Really disappointed because I liked the necklace.
did not stick on normal painted drywall even after cleaning the wall and allowing it to thoroughly dry. had to throw away.
Not what was advertised...definitely not wooded as advertised.
This is a pretty color but arrived with a bunch of dents in it. Most of the vinyl was unusable.
Shipped in large box, but product still arrived damaged. Appears to have been folded in half, and I can't see how it would have happened during transit. Disappointing.
The color is more yellow/orange than gold. I have numerous gold accents in my home and it clashed with all of them. I ended up returning.
Color bleeds. Softness is lost after only one wash
Quality of quilting and material colors
The floss stencil strength is to flimsy and breaks off while in use!
Why's this so expensive? The design is sort of banal, the construction is cheap, even fragile, and the airflow is comparable to someone waving a magazine in the air. Save your money and buy a real fan.
I bought this brand in the store and LOVED it. Lasted a good six months before going flat. These came vacuum sealed and were very flat. I assumed they would puff up after I opened them, but they didn't.
Water pressure is much lower than old shower head and area of spray smaller than I was expecting.
Not very good quality. I bought for a gift but didn't give away because of the poor quality. It's still sitting in the box in my closet
It was ok.. I decided I didn't care for it cause I was use to having my screen show all the time but my daughter likes it so she is using it..
Toaster oven is not a space age product. Very low cost versions do the job acceptably. This one, not so much. The part of your item to be toasted that is above the heating element gets burnt, whilst the remainder of the item isn't yet toasted. I expected more from the Cuisinart brand, especially for the price.
The vinyl seating material used is good but the anchor straps are weak and will break off if strung to snug the cover. This set does not fit my 2017 Tacoma TRD back seat. Only the front 2 seats can be used. It is loose fit and it lacks openings for the rear 3 headrests, 3 shoulder belts, and an opening for the center rear passenger seat belt coupler. Not recommended for the Toyota Tacoma line up.
If you never expect to wash it , it would be fine . Washed it once and its all bunched up inside and stitching is coming apart . I thought it would definitely be better quality . would not recommend .
I don't think it is really working.
This was fun but instead of one of every color I got one blue one red one yellow and two pinks
The pictures that come with this set are extremely small. Very disappointed.
Love the look and fit of this, but the hem completely fell apart after it being on our loveseat for 4 days.
Unless you like following vacuum around to make sure it doesn't get stuck somewhere, it's not worth the money.
They are very thin. Not a whole lot of quality to these. Shrinks when washing/drying Bought for our rental. I would rather spend the money and buy quality next time.
The set looked nice. It also appeared to resemble the quality that matched the pictures. The big issues was the items arrived damaged. The trash can was broken in multiple pieces when I opened the box. Very disappointed to had have this amount of money for an item that would easily break during shipping.
After reading the reviews on these melts I bought them. I was hesitant at first because of the price but the worst thing is having cheap melts that throw no scent. I have to say that I am sadly disappointed. I had these melts in a happy wax plug-in melter in my upstairs hallway and could not smell anything unless I was right next to it. That area is a hallway so their should have been a good scent coming off of them. So I gave them a second chance and put 4 in my bigger melter downstairs and 3 more in my other melter in the next room. Still not a lot. A very faint scent at the most. For 18 bucks I feel personally these are certainly not worth the price. Unless I just got a bad batch or something.......
Got it because I have fibro. I weigh 180. Was told this was ideal weight. Cant hardly move it. Too heavy. Buyers remorse
The box was busted open causing many of the beads to fall out of the container and shipping box in my apartment lobby! I'm not even able to return for an exchange since so many were just lost... the beads are cute and will be fine on bracelets I'm sure but I now have to manually sort them into a different container... really disappointed.
Arrived bent. Not as good as I expected.
While this glitter vinyl is very pretty and exactly what I was looking for - the quality was less than expected. I did not expect the quality to be as good as Oracal, but this is worse than what I expected. This vinyl is very thin and tears very easily. The adhesive on this vinyl is very weak as well - it certainly wouldn't be a permanent vinyl; I'm not even sure it would last that long as a temporary vinyl given how easily it rips and lifts. I would not purchase this again.
Why would they fold the canvas? I was hoping to work on the project this weekend but now I have to wait. 🤨
The pink towel is awesome but I used the black towel for the first time recently and it shed and stuck to my face. It was horrible. I also wish both were black because then you would not see the make up on the cloth as much.
Product arrived damaged. Trying to contact seller.
The product itself is beautiful -- really great detail and everything. I chose the iron onto ribbon option and while it held up at first, it started to detach and one of my bridesmaids had to safety pin the decor part to the ribbon and tie it back on. Luckily for us, it happened before ceremony so no mishaps after. I hope the manufacturers provide better instructions on how to glue this correctly or stronger adhesive.
These are beautiful and soft and hang nice. but, if you need more than 1 for a window, they vary big time. I ordered 2 for a big window to cover the length of the window. The shade was a tad different between the two (which it says right on the package that shades vary). It doesn't say length varies though. My one on the left side of the window is a good 2 (if not more) inches longer than the one on the right side of the window. It's super obvious too.
It's really cute but I'm giving it two stars because it's NOT what I ordered!!? The picture says “little man” and I got “oh deer I'm here” which frankly isn't what I wanted and it's not as cute! Will not buy from them again.
The website printed on the box takes you to a cake decorating page. This is one big headache.
Cheap plastic with a metallic coating. It does stop hair, so I am giving it a two star rating instead of a one star.
Poorly made and cheap
Ordered a closet....received wood chips for smoking salmon???
What I don't like about it as stated above the pad isn't thick enough, but I like how the head swivels, used on base boards.
Very nice design but the outside temp was inaccurate called support on it but never got any feedback so I returned it
Missing pillows only 2 of 5 cane in
I bought for shower decorations and the product is cheap - unhappy and did not see the return policy - unhappy customer
It is fine and it is for my use.
Was melted when it arrived
Not very good quality - smaller than expected, so they don't support large earrings very well, and the metal inside pulls out easily.
Not going to work as well as planed
I have a dog so I thought this would be a good thing to buy but so far it's done nothing
It's more of a throw blanket than a bedspread. I received the king size blanket and it's not big enough for a king sized bed. Would probably work for a full size bed. I'm disappointed.
I bought this a/c specifically for its claim for quiet operation. In that regard its very disappointing. Admittedly, it does cool the room satisfactorily.
a lot of them came in broken
I like it cause it keeps the toilet seat warm, didn't need it for a cushion. but only 1 of the 3 stayed in tack. dissatisfied, wish they were made better.
Lids do not stay on well, so it's easy to spill the contents. I had hoped to use these to bring my lunch to work, but need to be extra careful that they don't spill it everywhere. Disappointing.
Colors are not nearly as bright as I thought they'd be.
This is really two sets of 18 and not 36 different colors. No brown and that is what I really needed.
Bought these with hope that any dog hair that made it into my washing machine would be caught. Unfortunately, did not work for me.
One good thing - Goes together easily. That said, mow the bad stuff: Very lightweight has little stability, cheap plastic parts that start to come apart soon after assembly. Not recommended at alll - will have to buy another hopefully made of metal.
Missing the dish and lid. takes a long time to be shipped.
First of all, I would not put this tree in my house. I ordered two and they both had a strong mold odor, which is strange because they are synthetic. It seemed to be coming from the "cement" base. I tore the burlap off, it wasn't from that. I really just wanted to toss these in the trash. But after adding a nicer...and rounder... burlap base (I wrapped paper packing in burlap from a coffee bag and tied with a bow), fluffing as best as I could, and adding lights, I'm only semi-embarrassed to put these out on the covered porch. The tree looks nothing like the photo. It's very sad and crooked. I feel terrible for the Chinese slaving away, breathing toxic fumes, to make this terrible "tree."
Is as described. Soft. Washed the cover, pillow was very difficult to get back in bc the cover does shrink. Used it one night. Baby doesn't actually keep his head on/in it, so it's turned into the thing I put on top of the diaper box to keep the flaps closed.
This unit only lasted 2 years and we had trouble with it most of that time. Very disappointed in this unit. We had an Oreck prior to this one and really liked it. Wish we had not wasted our money on this unit.
Disappointing. It said it burns for 40 hours. Only burned for one day. I bought two more. I hope 🤞🏼 I have better luck with those. Smelled nice but not worth the money and shipping for one day burn time.
Battery for led lighted base is a very odd size and now i must go to Batteries Plus Bulbs to make this feature work. Not happy
I bought this mainly to use the stand. We have tools we already use that came with a metal door. Since we changed our fireplace door to something more safe and energy friendly, I wanted to buy just a stand but couldn't find that option anywhere. The stand and tools are much smaller than the ones we were using. I'm kind of bummed that it didn't work out better for what I needed it for.
very unimpressed with this product. bulky, heavy, clogs up easily. would not recommend. i've only had it 4 months and it's a disaster.
I cannot insert it well because it is very thick
I love the product if it worked right , it's fits the things I need it for and still had lot of space to place items ....but it won't stay put ! Within the first hour with only my iPad in it fell to the floor . I keep fixing it and it keeps falling and all it has in it now is a roll of tp since I didn't have tissues ! I wish it had a rubber on it to keep it from slipping . Not sure I could recommend this since it doesn't do it's advertised job ! I only received it yesterday :(
These are huge. The pillow slips around inside the protector and its a nightmare to get them situated in a normal queen size pillow case. When you do get them in the pillow case there is a lot of protector hanging out. If I were doing this over again I would buy the next size down. We will see if this annoys me enough to throw these away and start over.
they don't stay closed so useless for beads or anything else for that matter
Jar was nice, but the boveda pack was shipped without original packaging. It was put in jar that was not sealed, thus rendering it dried out, and useless.
Looks cheap, foam always comes out.
It was working amazing before I washed it. Unfortunately after the first wash it no longer works nearly as good as before. Even if I put it on the highest setting, it barely heats up. It really is a disappointment. Honestly I'm really scared to wash it a second time because it doesn't really heat up as it is.
The pillowcases were two different shades of brown!
It is very thin and in trying to unfold it one of the packaged pieces ripped almost in half. I would not recommend it.
Yankee candles I have purchased in the past, I could smell the scent as soon as I open the box. But this one' scent is so faint, I have to stick my nose deep into the jar to get some whiff of lilac. Also there are many white spots on top of the candle which looks like fungus. Close examination tells they are not fungus, and I don't know what they are. Maybe this candle has been sitting in a warehouse for many years, hence the lack of scent and the weird white things on top.
They barely fit and very coarse after washing with fabric softner and using a dryer sheet. I don't know about durability or comfort because we just got them. The pillow cases are skimpy, too.
I love the feel of the curtains but they are completely unusable.
When I bought this Item.There was a weird sound like from the bearing.Now it hums and does not work.There is one year warranty but can't find a place to contact.Bought 8 months ago.Please advise.thank you.
Returned. Did not work well for us.
Not as user friendly as other diamond tester I was using.
I bought this for my mom and it's like nothing was put down. Very disappointed
What a waste of money. This thing is huge pain to assemble and it is just continuously falling apart. If you touch it even slightly wrong the whole thing falls apart. Don't store anything valuable on this. Very flimsy and weak.
Doesn't like to stick to the wall, all the stars have fallen off
Cute ornament but arrived broken.
Cute book but it did not come with the added stickers as described in the product details.
Doesn't help at all. Not satisfied
Too loud, and it doesnt' work well, i don't feel it cold much, Honestly I feel my tower fan is even better. I had to return it
I have purchased this item before at Target, as I said great smell. I was disappointed by the state of the item I received, which is a bummer because I hate to have to wait again for such a delightful smell. Sending it back for a refund considering the cost and the product I received.
We ordered the 3pk dark walnut. The shelves do not include a mounting template which we quickly discovered was due to none of the brackets being the same. They are not only at different distances from each other on each shelf but located in different spots from shelf to shelf. This means each shelf has to be meticulously measured individually before mounting. Even on a stud I would not recommend putting anything terribly heavy on them. If you press with any strength (to test them) they are very wobbly. I have 6 semi-thin cookbooks I'd hope to put on them but would not dare put more than 2-3 on a shelf.
The product was great for a week or two and then started to have major pilling from about the knee down. Horrible quality.
Very nice looking, but was right side damaged and well not sit up properly
Hard for kids to climb and slips on floor.
Printer ink did NOT stick to this paper. I ended up keeping it for some other wedding- related projects because it was the perfect shade of mauve. I cannot recommend this if you intend to print on it. I tried laser and ink jet and even black sharpie marker only looked light gray. Ink would not soak in at all.
Very pretty. Ashes still fall everywhere.
Only worked for a few months
The problem with this is the holes are to big and loose leaf tea gets through it.
was not a 2 pack? It is working well in one bathroom so far.
Pro: This unit provides more accurate details than earlier models. The touch-screen receiver packs a lot of information, while still being easily usable. Cons: The data transmission range SUCKS! The receiver must have a literal, direct line of sight to the transmitter. Anything solid--a wall, window curtains, etc.--drops reception to practically zero.
This sticker makes my shoes so slippery!
Just received this comforter in the color "taupe". It's not taupe at all, it's more of a warm brown rather than the cooler color in the picture. But the size is nice.
The prints on the pillows are adorable, however, the pillow cover is poor quality. It feels more like light burlap, the zipper on the bottom is very cheap and only goes 3/4th the way across the pillow, making the pillow insert difficult, and last but not least, the company put their tag in the upper right corner of the pillow. I don't mind a tag showing on the pillow but put it in the lower corners not at the very top, it looks terrible and we're returning for all the stated reasons. It's a shame, the prints are so cute.
I bought this for my daughter as a gift. I had it shipped to her and it arrived broken. Now she has to go through the hassle of returning her broken gift.
Cute blanket, but after first wash it pilled really bad.
color is more of an orange/red
first off no instructions in English on the package...does not model well and is very droopy....as a professional artist I have worked with modeling mediums all my life...this one was such a disappointment...
Received item quickly. Item stopped working have 2 weeks.
We ordered the bag a size larger then our tree. Wish we order a 9 foot bag. we had to STUFF the tree into the bag, hope it doesn't hurt the tree for next year. The tree was an expensive one.
The stencils are very thin. Used to be thick. Disappointed.
They look very Cheap.
Super cute but not sticky. Lasted a minute on the shower wall with nothing in it. Ended up getting some double sided Gorilla Tape.
Really small. Came to me with one of the sides torn apart. Wouldn't recommend if you want a bigger basket.
I have to say I'm a little disappointed in this one. Had I read the reviews I probably wouldn't have ordered it. It seems like there is a lot of variation in color. The one I got is ugly bright green and orange. I'll keep it but it's not as pretty as the picture plus the material is thin and rough.
This blanket is very soft but every time it gets washed, I end up picking off red balls from everything it comes in contact with.
Much cheaper fabric than I thought.
I purchased this pack of colors to get started on an embroidery project. I ended up needing to get some extra DMC floss colors to supplement what came in this pack. There is a huge lack in the quality of cotton used and the colors compared to DMC. The floss constantly gets tangled and knotted when I'm embroidering and it has a bunch of flyaway fibers, so it won't stay smooth.
i have no idea where it is now...maybe keeping a drawer full so that the cat doesn't sleep in it. we tried it to bridge the gap between our sleep number mattresses. should have thought about what would happen when the head and foot raised and lowered
It is not secure. A couple of times the rod came out and caused the paper towels to fall in the sink and get wet! why would they leave an opening at the top of the rod? it should snap in or have some kind of enclosure so the rod doesnt fall out! I will neve purchase another one of these. It LOOKS nice above the sink but it doesnt work well. Definitely not worth 12 dollars. This should have been in the 99 cents store!
I have tile in my bathroom..... it won't stick. I was able to stick it to my mirror, but I was hoping the suction was strong enough for me to actually use it while I'm in the shower/tub.
very poorly made. The side came apart the moment it came out of the package.
This pillow was too bulky. The back portion is so thick it pushes my head forward causing strain on my neck. Attempted using it on an international flight and winded up using it as a lumbar pillow (it worked nicely for that but not why I bought it) and used the flimsy airline pillow on my neck. Super disapointing. Not sure how so many others have had positive reviews. I can only assume they bought it as a gift for someone else or haven't actually tried using it in flight. Would not recommend.
This thing does a mediocre job, at best, on pet hair, and for a final win, dies with less than a year of use. Complete waste.
The smell of the incense not like I thought. The size is also very small. I received on the day it was mentioned.
Very difficult to assemble Takes 2 people. Wear work gloves. There are some edges.
Very flat. Hurts my back
I am very disappointed with this order, I got my order two weeks late and I needed them for a Day or the Dead party and got them after my event.
So this is not a black out curtain at all. It is a nice curtain and pretty. It came the right size but when the morning sun came up, light streamed through like every other morning. Returned. Bought in white. Took a picture of the light coming through.
I ordered 3 and received 2
The bars are very loose so whenever I try to put the towel on, it moves. The size of the bar is smaller than the width of the hand towel so I have to fold it as it pictured. There is no way to use it for the bath towel. The bars are cheap plastic without any weight. The finish of the product is very cheap too. I was too lazy to send it back so I decided to use it. However, it was very difficult to find alternative product.
We received these books with damaged corners on both , which obviously wont work too well for an art class. I wish I had realized others had the same problem in reviews before I bought them, but amazon did a full refund, which was super easy
This thing is tiny I guess I should have read the specs on it before buying!
The navy blue is definitely more of a purple. Did not match any other navy blue item I have in my house. They are decently made. Also, NOT free returns, so you only get a little more than half back if you return.
The product itself works great but the product arrived covered in some kind of gel or soapy like texture. Each ring inside its package was covered and then the outside of the package was covered. This was the only thing in the envelope so there was nothing else shipped with it that could have leaked. I had to throw away the plastic packaging and wash each individual ring before being able to use them. It's kinda gross to not know what the substance is that it's covered in. Again, the ring itself works well and seems to be well made.
Not very sturdy at all, moving any of the limbs pops them out.
While the desk itself looks great once you assemble is it's a pain to put together. The holes in the frame are not big enough for the screws you are given. I had to wait for my husband to get home to help me and even he had a hard time. Once the desk is put together you're gonna notice that there is no guard to catch your paper/canvas. They include a guard in the package but no where in the instructions does it mention it. We screwed it on only to find out that it's completley useless. The guard is supposed to support your paper while you work but it only comes out less than a cm than the desk. So the desk has limitations on how you can use it if you wanted it raised (which to me would be the whole point in buying a desk that raises instead of regular one). Unless you can tape whatever you're working on to the desk while it's raised you can't use it. Overall the the desk looks nice and the glass is secure. But I expected better manufacturing and design at this price point. They seem like stupid mistakes that can be fixed easily by the people who designed it.
Very transparent, color does not have a nice glow more so a transparent shade/glaze cant really use this as a primary color.
I don't recommend this one if you don't like the smell of your own drool. My pillow started smelling after a few days, but the packaging broke easily, so I don't think I'm allowed to return it now.
Not at all what we expected will probably return. It looks cheap. What is the best way to return?
Tiny. Barely fits over the sheets on my platform bed. No way this would work on a standard bed with box spring. Unless they sent me the wrong size, this is ridiculously small. I'm gonna retire this to the dogs and reorder another brand.
This candle smelled great and burned OK until it reached about halfway at which point it would not stay lite anymore. I tried trimming the wick and pouring out some of the wax but no luck.
My daughter has a youth sized t-shirt that is autographed by our local professional soccer team, and this frame was way too small to display the shirt with all the autographs visible.
Lots of cut fragments without blues, ok for my project though.
I do not like that you can only fill the inner bag less than half full in order for it to fit within the outer bag causing you to have an excess of about 15 “ of bag to figure out what to do with. The pictures show the suction cup to be on side of bag when you vacuum but since you can't fill it that full in actuality it ends up 2/3 of the way across the top and sucking against the other side of plastic instead of against whatever you have in the bag. So then you have to open it again and arrange the placement of the suction cup area so that this doesn't happen. I had to open it and take some yarn out 3 times before it would fit the outer bag so it only sucked my yarn down about 4 or 5” total whereas the pictures show your stuff being about double the size of the outer bag and not just 4 or 5 inches. I think I can fit just as much yarn in a hard plastic bin without near the trouble of having to repack and vacuum this thing several times wasting hours of my time that could have been done in minutes with a regular plastic bin. I thought yarn being so fluffy would have been easier than the blankets which also took me several tries and hours of time but it wasn't any easier. Not good to use when you are trying to pack quickly to move that is for sure. And now I still have the things I had to take out to get it to fit within the outer bag to pack in some other way. These bags might be ok to use if you weren't trying to get the inner bag to shrink down enough to fit within the outer bag. Wish I had just bought regular space bags now because these are so much trouble. Also the L size bag actually holds less than the M size because the plastic bag gets smaller as you go up instead of staying at the same size opening as at the bottom of the bag and pulls everything inward causing problems packing it. The M and XL bags aren't like this, they go almost straight up.
Although I love this product, it does very quickly start breaking down where I sleep. I sleep alone and am an average size 12 woman. It had a perm indent after just the first 10 days. I still enjoy the cover but flip it around when I make the bed. It's still so soft and cooling
the snaps never worked on mine and the curtain fabric is too ridged for the length, does not "drape" well.
You get what you pay for, these shadow boxes are very cheaply made. I thought I was saving money but I should have spent a little more and gotten a quality product. I gave 2 stars because I am using them, but I should have paid more attention to the other reviews. The wood is thin and very porous, took 3 coats of paint - $. They don't have any way to hang, which was stated in reviews BUT.... I assumed they would stand alone on a shelf, wrong. The wood is so thin that it would be difficult to attach a hanger without splitting. I have to find easels to display them - again more $$. Not to mention the time it has taken me to paint & to find reasonably priced easels - even more $$$. On a positive note, all arrived in good condition. Next time I will follow the reviews more closely. Buying cheap isn't always the more economical way to go. SAVE YOUR MONEY!!
So I open the box and the container is completely wrecked. Cracked and taped back together, ornament is flinging around the box...it's not broken but what's the deal?! I was going to give this as a present and now I have no box.
It doesn't line up and is wobbly. I use in my 1\2 bathroom. Just for extra toilet paper, hand towels etc. I wouldn't use it for anything heavier.
the painting was so small. there wasnt enough detail
The fan worked great for about two and a half months, then one of the motors became unbalanced so i had to remove one of the fan blades so it would not make and obnoxious noise. Now it is too late to return.
Quiet. Gets stuck easily. Not a good purchase if you have a pet that sheds.
Fan works fine, remote doesn't work at all. Tried three different sets of brand new batteries and pfft, nothing.
Size incorrect as listed! More the size of a full size then a queen size. FALSE info on product listed. :(
These are alternating foil and plastic heart hanging garlands. While the foil hearts are great and keep their shape, the plastic hearts either fold up or go limp. I do not recommend this product.
Was very enjoyable until about 1/3 of the way down...then just smelled like burning wood. Very disappointed, as this did not happen with the pine scent one I had.
It's trash and way to wide it's like a 4 inch fan brush..and my hairs were not set that great .the actual material they use for the brush is very nice maybe I just got a weird one idk..
Worked great for about three weeks. Now I can't get it to power on. I logged in today to see that I am three days past the return window. My loss.
Fairly happy with the pillows except for the odor. I saw another review saying that they noticed an odor was present, but that it went away in a month. I've had my pillows for two months, and have been using them for roughly 1.5 months. Still has a pretty strong odor that I can smell every time the pillow gets fluffed or I place my head on it. Unfortunately, I'm outside of the return period; I would be returning them.
Not happy at all it difficult to press out of toothpaste also it drop off the cover every time I use.
I bought this blanket for my parents. While they both loved the plush feeling of the blanket, the controllers are so dim you can barely see the numbers. This was a huge issue for my mom, who has intermittent double vision due to Parkinson's Disease. Even I had trouble with the display, and I have good vision. I called the manufacturer to get replacement controls but they said this is a known issue and they have no estimated fix date, and to return the blanket to the seller. Very disappointed.
First 8 months I owned it, worked great. Drips now...on the clothes, on the ironing board. It even dips on the floor when I just pick it up to iron. Unfortunately, it's not just a drip. So disappointed. First and last T-Fal iron
I wish I could give this two and a half stars. It keeps a charge but it doesn't have much suction, it still kinda works though. I bought this for quick area rug vacuuming for in between uses of my big vaccum. This may work for some but I'm glad I didn't pay full price for it, Thanks lightning deals! Lol
Came off immediately. I even applied with heat. Would be a good product if it was applied in an area of the couch/ seat/ that is not actually used.
Stopped working completely after 6 months. Turns on but fan/heater does nothing but emit a burning smell. I reached to the manufacturer as requested by Amazon, a few times but have yet to hear back
Hose broke after about one year. Now it's worthless.
Not good quality on the metal
I was disappointed when I got my zippers as it stated 100 zippers of 20 different colors, 5 of each color. I received 95 zippers, 19 different colors of 5 each. Also 3 of those zippers were not usable so I really ended up with 92 usable zippers! Is there anything you will do about this issue, would be appreciated!! Thank you! If i would have gotten the right amount I would have been very happy because the colors were great and the length and they seem to be what I need for my purses!!
Very flat. I had a Coconut Bliss pillow but wanted something king size and hoped this would work for a lower cost. It is nothing like the nicer pillows. I dont recommend.
Motion sensor goes off a lot even when nobody or nothing is near it.
I ordered Redwood and got Cinnamon Chai.
Was expecting a little more power. You can only feel it when youre about 2 ft in front of it on full power. They also sent me the wrong color
Not for Kenmore machine. After using it a short time I realized that it was too close to the needle and the needle broke. I have no problem with the feet that came with the machine which I have been using for 12 years. It was obvious that the opening is not far enough back for the needle on the Kenmore. Also, it does not attach correctly. You do not hear the "click" when it pops into place like the original foot. It does not pay to return it since the shipping for returns cost the same as the foot itself. Searching for another open toe foot that fits the Kenmore.
Too hard to get to pants at the bottom.
Didnt work as I expected it.
Can't heat the room if weather is under 55 and in any weather condition the heater couldn't heat above 72
the pages were smaller than I thought. I think I can get something similar at Ross for half the price.
Nice but should be taller for bottle brushes.
Bought to paint smooth concrete Did not work at all Pen point got damaged and when I pressed on point the ink spilled out
Since it says not to leave it on while cooking, I didn't. When I tried to get it on to pick up the pan, I couldn't get it on. Fixed that with some silicone spray inside. Works MUCH better. As long as you ;pick i up immediately, it works. I set the pan back down OFF of the heat. A couple of seconds later I picked it up to move it and nearly dropped it on my foot. The handle holder was fire hot! Too much trouble to spray and then worry about when it will be too hot to touch. Don't plan on using it any more. I have an old one that I use to use on my calphalon that I pulled out... works great.
The mattress feels heavy duty and holds air great. I like the built in pump thats not too loud. It is a VERY STIFF air mattress. I know that sounds weird but it is. Im guessing the top layer is thicker than anywhere else so its more puncture resistant but it also doesnt flex well. Or maybe its the construction of the interior baffles that prevents it from flexing. Even at minimum pressure, it doesnt want to conform to the human body comfortably.
These are great but be prepared for them not to match. I bought 4. 3 have arrived and one is way darker than the others. You can definitely tell they aren't the same color.
Smaller than expected and lights aren't bright enough.
As a pure soap dish this product is just fine. However I'm going to give it two stars for it's misleading product page. It isn't really clear what your getting when you order, especially if you order from mobile as I did. The seller offers multiple soap dishes that it labels as self draining. However the self draining soap dish is a different design from the 2-pack dishes. I ordered and received the 2-pack, believing both dishes would be the self draining models. Ultimately this was my mistake but I still want to put up a review letting people know to double check their order to make sure they are ordering the soap dish they truly want. Because I screwed up my order I won't be returning the product. Still this listing should probably be updated or split into two separate listings to avoid such confusion. People like a good deal and having the 2-pack listed as the primary product when it isn't is, in my opinion, deceptive. In any case I've learned a valuable lesson about double checking my orders.
THE WEATHER STATION IS ACCURATE BUT THE COLOR DISPLAY DOES NOT SHOW THE SUN
Well, according to the three evaluations standard, I just made my decision, first, I have to say , the fold is hard to smooth, second, I have just used it for few days, it already dirty.
Ordered 2 organizers and neither package had the dowels, screws, and nails so I could assemble...manufacturer took information and instead of sending the items, referred to someone else to contact within 24 hours; like the product, but zero points for the "support" thus far.
the stars itself were great but the little sticky s didn't stick they fell down
Ehhhhh! Batteries don't last very long! That's the biggest downfall ! Looks nice, dispenses ok!
It would be helpful if the vendor gave some sort of idea as to what size would fit. The 3" might fit a toddler, but I'm not sure who else that would fit. I had ordered the 3" but, of course, they don't fit so I'll need to get the 5". I will probably check in some local stores to see if I can find these or something equivalent so that I don't need to order a new size.
Looks nice on, but very difficult to remove. Don't purchase unless you plan on leaving up for a really long time.
Very, very flemsy. Size noted is not reliable.
It cleans as well as my old bristle brush, but it has no hole or strap to hang it by. I wish I knew that beforehand.
It is thin and the adhesive is very weak. It is also much darker than it appears in the picture.
Same as the battery that I had, does not charge well or hold charge very long I have to keep my tablet plugged in all the time. Very sad this didn't help me
I'm frustrated because I love this thing but the fabric drawers smell awful.
Squashes down quickly. I don't know if other reviewers have but I placed chopsticks at all 4 corners taped. Measure out and cut and then tape down. Should hold.
The only reason why I am giving it two stars is b/c although it is not what I expected my mom still loved it. With that said, this is a cheap plastic flower which id lighter than a feather. I expected the sturdy, pretty one that was portrayed in the pictures, not something that I could buy from the dollar store.
Not durable..holes after one use
Was nice while it worked. It only lasted 2 years to the day! The controller smelled hot, the light on the controller went out, and the heating blanket quit working.
Product is as described. But dead bug inside the package!
I purchased this to do my wall from the mirrors up(still not sure if I like it) but for those thinking about purchasing this item in particular, GO ELSEWHERE! While the marble is beautiful, this was the biggest pain to install. I purchased 4 rolls, each one is a different size. The beginning and ends of all the rolls appear to have been cut free hand because it's not even close to a straight line. Due to that, installing was the biggest pain because it would either slant up or down depending on the edging. Because the rolls were different lengths I couldn't match those up either so had to waste a good portion by layering it over each other. Needless to say if you have worked with contact paper before, purchase elsewhere... the price is enticing but remember you get what you pay for.
it came damaged. shoved in a box without care. need to use what i could or would have returned it.
Smaller than expected
The size is just what I need, but the curtain is very lightweight and no weights at the bottom. Will not order this again. Not worth the money.
Is a lot smaller that I thought, but the material is so soft.
They are cute. Small and very very flimsy... You may get more use out of them by using a glue gun. The stems are so flimsy its like they dont exist
It does not stick good
The frame arrived with all sorts of scuffs around the frame itself due to packaging. The damages were heavily on the corners, which is where the frame is secured in at during shipping. While it's not noticeable at a far, far distance, it was still irritating to receive something we were expecting to be a crisp solid black color, and have it arrived scuffed. It's a good deal for a frame, and processed very quickly, but I could not use this for framing a gift I wanted to give. Had to find a frame locally to replace this one. Image attached.
Product is very thin and flimsy. Not what I was looking for but it will do for now.
Color is not gold, but very orange.
Nice clock fits in a room but isn't worth the time or money
This broke after one use. I had one of these before and the part that held the battery could unscrew from the top. That was much better to use and clean. Once water gets near the battery component it stopped working
These were not good quality hangers. Many of them that I received are already starting to crack where they are glued together in the middle. They'll fit my purposes, but I wouldn't recommend ordering these for your closet.
It worked great for about 2 weeks then it just broke with regular use. I loved it while it did work but definitely not very durable.
I haven't noticed any measurable difference
Don't really hold keep air out, they all seem to have lost the vacuum suck and are back to regular size
Pillows offer no support! They go flat after one night. Not near enough filling. I did not however have a smell so that was a bonus. They will be used in a guest bedroom inside a sham as that is all they are good for. Not worth the bother to pack up and return. Won't buy products from this manufacturer again.
To be fair the quality of the pillow feels good, it feels like a well made product but it just didn't work for me at all. My neck was being tilted upwards and I got upper back pain after 2 uses. The pillow itself was a on the firmer side which may be one of the reasons why it wasnt good for me. If you are not used to firm pillows, you should not be buying this.
It's nice and cozy but sheds everywhere. I've washed it multiple times and it does not help I would highly suggest this as a decorative piece over a chair or something I have a white comforter and had it folded at the end of my bed and it shedding horribly had to move it .
You cannot even squeeze 10 lemons together. It goes off after a few. A headache to deal with this machine
I liked the blanket but one pocket of beads ripped open and spilled everywhere, and the divider between pockets were ripping every time I pulled the blanket up at night. Bad quality, especially for the price. I'll be returning mine.
Have only had the clock for 1 week and the internal clock backlight and night light burnt out/stopped working. Everything else works well. I will be looking into the factory warranty for replacement but as a backup I had bought the Asurion 3 year protection plan for just over $5 which might have been a good move on my part. Not overly impressed so far for the money I spent on it which only gave a full week of use.
You have to keep shaking it for the glitter to continue to spin, wished the motor was stronger. Still enjoy it. Hopefully the motor doesn't crap out...
It heated my bedroom really well but it stopped working after 2 weeks
The material itself is ok considering what you pay for it. The construction is poor. Some covers were longer than others. Some of the covers had seated parts that were crooked. Does not fit Lifetime folding chairs properly and because of this, the material bunches up when sat on. It also tears easily. If you're not particular about the material covering the entire chair, then go for it. Does wash and dry easily without a problem.
good concept but just doesn't push enough air for me to really see a difference. disappointed. o, btw...my stove stays hot. hot enough to make this thing run fast...just no air flow is felt
flowers fell off immediately when removed from bag
Bought this on behalf of my mom, who wanted to give it as a gift to my dad. She thought it was going to be a chrome finish, but it is cheap-looking matte silver plastic. Like a silver barbie shoe from the 90s. I can't tell you if it works, because she refused to give it to him...it looked that cheap. She felt misled by the photos on here, so 2 stars. We were able to return it though and get a refund.
These are beautiful iron on patches but all the little leaves and flower buds don't adhere to the fabric and you either have to sew them on or use fabric glue. Even fabric glue isn't easy to deal with on such tiny parts of the patch because it leaks onto the fabric. If you don't mind sewing them on, then that won't be a problem for you, but the whole idea of an iron on patch is the ease of adhering them in 15 seconds. Needless to say, I won't be getting more of this type of iron on patch. And that disappoints me because I really like them.
I soon figured out why these where so inexpensive. One of the two works great. The other one will not stay in the down position, it slowly raises fully extended, when you are not sitting on it.
Love this item a LOT however, it is rusting --- is that normal Disappointed in the rusting factor your input will be greatly appreciated
The bottom and back are made of very thin cardboard and broke off right away
I didn't take any stuffing out because I was looking for a firm pillow similar to my Tempur-Pedic. Unfortunately the filling of the pillow moves around so I find myself in the middle of the night rearranging the pillow to get more support under my neck. Long story short- there is no substitute for a Tempur-Pedic.
Great poster but came damaged: from what I've seen in the reviews, it seems like it's a frequent issue.
I was expecting a yellow throw, it was a darker shade of dreary Gold. Not what I was expecting.
I can't get the rubber down on the the tines in the dishwasher!!!
Trim next to zipper was to weak.
Ordered two pillows with white and yellow stripe. One had black marks on it from processing and the other had a pull in the fabric. Ran them through a delicate load in the washer and the black marks remained, yellow stripes faded. Got these for a nursery, not sure how long they will last.
This really didn't clean anything. Maybe if you scrub but I went right back to my old cleaner after 1 use
These are cute but super cheap. Almost like tin. I doubt they will last more than a few days before breaking. Im probably going to send these back. Would not recommend
It is not very comfortable for me and I really don't like the way I have to lay on the floor or something very firm to make it work. It feels cheap and lie it will snap at any point. I will stick with my chiropractor
They don't work that well at all streak more than right. I followed the instructions exactly, and 3 out of 10 work okay.
A bit wobbly. The 'padded' cover is too thin and I have to purchase another one. I wouldn't be able to recommend this board if you use a board often.
Very very basic and pretty low quality. It has worked from some little sewing jobs but the thread is very brittle and breaks easily. The needles are okay but some of them have definitely been made cheaply because they have little metal snags
that it doesn't come clean, if you have hard water it stains it
As soon as it came out of the packaging the plastic broke in half. Pretty disappointing.
Super soft but awful shedding... blue stuff everywhere. I washed it three times and still blue stuff everywhere. I do not recommend this.
Nice design but came with long black hairs in packaging. Nasty. I threw one out and the other has not been opened. I'll probably throw it out because I think they are nasty.
Size description is not accurate. The rug I received was smaller than the description.
Loved my old Dyson. Don't like this one. The main inlet clogs too easily and then the vacuum shuts down. Difficult to empty, you need to stick something (I use a screw driver) to pry out the dirt. When I switch to max power, it becomes intermittent. Ugh. Need to go through Dyson to with the warranty in the hopes of getting money back, or a new vacuum. Ugh.
Could defiantly use more filling in the corners to prefer from sinking in and looking weird.
was disappointed in the amount of toys this box holds
smaller then expected
This rug is very thin, bought a really nice thick door rug the same size at walmart and it was prettier, lots thicker and cheaper. I would not suggest this rug to anyone.
Was a fantastic humidifier while it lasted (only lasted 6 months before it went unresponsive and the power light only flashes red). It would last for days on end which is exactly what I was looking for.
Really nice but once I washed it, it lost its color. A little disappointed.
They were okay for absorbing water, but they didn't stay in place. They were constantly slipping and sliding all over the bathroom. Eventually replaced.
Too tiny for it to be all that useful.
It was probably too late, but it didn't help at all. My dog WAS 17 years old, so it didn't help at all. Used for Almost 4 weeks
O bought this product because of the review. It wasn't what o thought o was going to get. Poor quality, the paint has to be soften with water Andy that makes it uneven. Besides that it comes off easily. I would not recommend this if you want to get a perfect look with no details.
Too short to make contact with my house doors. Have not try with hotel doors while travelling.
Fabric look very cheap for the price. The item was returned and account was credited
It was thinner than I expected and it did not fit my recliner as expected. I'm sure that there are so many different recliners that it can't fit them all, but it just did not work out with mine, so I sent it back. I also purchased the one for the couch and sent it back because I did not want to sit on something every day that feels that cheap. I'm not complaining to the seller, but they are just too thin and basic.
Only reason these get two stars is because they are cute bags but I couldn't use them for anything. They were way to small.
Pillow goes flat. Did not expect that from an extra firm pillow.
The quality isn't very good I thought it would have been made a little bit better for the price . . there's no sliding tray from the bottom you have to pour water and ice through the top, you can't get any of the of the wiring wet.. we haven't used it yet so we'll see
No packing slip to return item....... I donated the unused item. The cushion was to hard and not useful to me trying to find comfort for a severe hamstring.
Ok.but huge learning curve to make them work the way you want.
Travel size pillow was too big and hung loose around my neck. chin support was not high enough to hold up my chin or head. Has no purpose on me other than looking like a scarf. Does not work for narrow/smaller/petite size necks on smaller women. Had to return. Would be willing to exchange for smaller/child size. But returns/shipping item back is not free and cannot contact seller to exchange. So have to spend $ to return item and then a separate shipping cost to reorder item in the smaller/child size. Not worth it.
The photos make it look like a very nice style, but . . . this is a waste of money. It looks like a lousy whatever from the copy machine. The colors not as meaningful. You can be certain there will be a lot of insider 5-star reviews on this product. - those are the reviews by people who only post (1) review - consider spending a bit more, and buy blankets from a store in plain view.
I purchased the "Crystal Clear" version and it was definitely NOT odor free. I opened the package, hung it up, and immediately the entire bathroom smelled horrible. It wasn't a strong plastic smell like you might expect, but instead more sour, almost like vinegar? I tried soaking it in the tub with warm water and shampoo and the smell dissipated somewhat, but was still noticeable. Unfortunately, I ended up tossing it because I know I won't be able to get over the smell. Otherwise it did seem like pretty good quality. Heavy duty, durable material and the stones at the bottom are subtle but effective. Wish it had worked for me.
Not a good size and just not comfortable. I've tried it in my car and in my office.
Something brown came out first..ugh
Lightweight flashy picnic blanket, nothing more. May be slightly water resistant, stitch holes allow water through. Too heavy for camping prepping or hiking. It's a simple fleece type blanket with a nylon backing, that's all you get.
It needs Velcro or something to keep it under their chin. Falls off pretty quickly.
The clips that hold the back on the frame two clips were shot in from the bottom of the frame and two from inside of frame the two on the back broke loose as soon as I bent clips back
I am very disappointed with the ribbons i received. They choice of ribbons I received are UGLY. I understand the choices are random but the colors and patterns I received are UGLY. I thought i would receive something more like what's in the picture. I am very disappointed. I wanted to use them to decorate gift boxes but I'd be pressed to find even a handful I could use.
Very cute but week magnets. One of these won't even hold up a single photo. Goid just to decorate magnetic surfaces. Fast shipping!
I was disappointed with the color, it's almost a faded color.
Kept it but wasn't impressed very cheaply made
New bolts do not hold position like my purchase 3 weeks ago. New motor stinks of electrical oil What was a great fan now sucks
The shade that was delivered was a little more darker and the fringe didn't look like the picture. It's ok but doesn't look like the picture.
I was a little disappointed with this tree. It's a great way to distract the cats though, they know down this one instead of my 7.5 foot tree. It seems like some branches were missing from my tree and it wasn't full at all. I could clearly see each row of tree limbs. But for $25 and a 5 foot tree there's not too much you could expect.
A lot of these came apart from the glue of the gold to the Velcro.
This fan will definitely help to cool down your room. The only problem is that it is loud even on the lowest setting. Definitely not good for sleeping.
Not as effective as described. I have not had a complete stain removal, it;s been used twice. I will try again and update if there is a change.
Not the Best Buy cute but 2 zippers didn't work.
I was truly hoping for a pillow that will last me at least 3 months. This guy started off ok..but within the first week it dente in the middle no matter turning and re-fluffing it didn't help, I tossed it a few times in the dryer EH..it fluffed some but it only lasted 1 night. I started waking up with sore neck and shoulders...
Wasn't true blackout. It's okay but I wish I would have gone with a different brand
Soooooo tiny you can't tell what is. Save yourself the money and just use some of the charcoal from your aquarium filter. Honestly that's what it looks like.
I had to return the pillow because it was too big. If you don't have a fat neck, it's hard to use this for support. Move arounds too much and is too soft to even keep your head up in other ways. Standard neck pillow is much better.
There are not very many of this item packaged. Not sure if I read incorrectly but was trying to cover the ceiling like the picture shown in advertising but realizing now that was either a very small space or they purchased way more that one.
The blanket is absolutely beautiful, of excellent quality in terms of the waffling, and the bamboo cover is uber soft. However, I bought this as it is recommended for "warm sleepers". This blanket was so hot, I felt like I had an electric blanket on my bed. I had to remove every it from my bed, and was unable to sleep with it.
Not as dark as it should. Privacy protector I don't think so.
I ordered two and both stopped working around same time after few months...
The back where the batteries go in is ridiculously hard to get open. First of all... it takes a screwdriver that is small than even an eyeglass screwdriver. So I had to go buy one before I could even use it which was super annoying. The screws strip really easily. Then when you finally pry it open, the batteries are really difficult to Wedge in there. The light only stays bright for a few hours and immediately starts to dim and causes weird shadows within the box and the batteries eventually die because the life is being suck from them, but I cannot bare to go back and try and pry the back off so ibe only had it a few days and it's just off. It's not worth the hassle. Honestly it's cute, and that's the only reason for the second star, but if you need it to light up and STAY bright and lit up- it's not worth the money.
The flower was falling apart and customer service was crappy....
I was incredibly disappointed in this product. The beads were all mixed together and falling out of the package. There is even broken tape on the container. There is no way to tell which type of bead each is without now going through each one individually and looking it up myself.
The only reason this review is receiving 2 stars is because the bottom shelf arrived sign hair in it. Totally unsanitary and illustrative of a lack of quality control where cleanliness.
I thought it said 4 filters in the description but that's 4 carbon pre filters. Next time I'll just order the filters from the manufacturer.
A pretty mix of colors, but the throw is not very practical. The knit is loose and snags easily. When I unzipped the package, threads were caught in the zipper and caused a big snag. I was able to repair it, but will have to be careful when using it. (Keep it away from pets and children to prevent pulled threads.)
I used these to make stress balls with my middle schoolers with water beads. Some already had holes in them and some burst pretty quickly. I'm not sure how much longer the other ones will last. The latex seemed to be unevenly distributed in the make-up of the balloons, which is probably the problem. Unless you want water beads all over your floor, do not use these balloons. They may be fine for regular use though.
Not anywhere near deep. Won't even fit on my mattress. Will be returning. It is also thin.
The seam in one of the pillow cases was opened. You get what you pay for.
The set is exactly as pictured except that the color is not gray-- it is a pale moss green.
Really small think micro
We ordered 24 piece tealights and when they arrived, they were totally disassembled, laying in the box with every light in several pieces. What a mess!! Nothing in the description said we would have to assemble them, but my husband put them all back together and they all worked. Hopefully they will work at our daughters wedding in a month. I will not buy from Novelty Place again. On a positive note, we received them quickly.
Cute product but poor assembly! Will have to take apart and Reggie correctly before it can be used. Item is non-returnable.
This was unusable since the battery required isn't something I can find
Considering that I have received ONLY the glue tube and the gem picker ( NO Gem Wheel and NO Gem trays...), I am obviously not very pleased with this particular purchase!
I feel like you can get the same quality at Walmart for significantly cheaper. Also, they are the same size as standard towels.
While it is a gaming chair, it is a cheap one. This chair leans forward, the arm rests come odd shaped so it hurts your elbows forcing you to buy their pads. Not worth $200. More like $30.
All good except the fitted sheet was torn right in the middle.
Ordered a CA king size and it barely covered the size of the mattress
product was as ordered except PRIME could have and would have paid for expedited shipping to receive on time. will order from other vendors when in a time crunch. 8 days is not PRIME shipping
I like the concept, but putting it together frustrated me. I could barely apply pressure putting the walls in and I cracked a couple. When I tell you barely any pressure, I mean it. I was going to return it, but I figured what's the point b/c I bought it for a good price.
The lamp shade isn't very square and the interior is burnished with black marks. The base isn't as described and instead of being a wood pattern its a freckled dark plastic. It is an okay lamp, just very misleadingly described.
The weight is fine, not too heavy or light. The colors are muted. The white looks dirty offwhite and not like what is in the photo. Not soft, definitely far from linen soft.
These are kinda scratchy and they rip easy
didn't work. Hour/minute mechanisms were not working at all. too bad. very cute.
This nice looking. Very hard to draw on , also kinda odd to hold & light. I'm going to return mine
they don't expand quite large enough for my high boots so they don't fit snug. I do wear a women's 12 but the calf on my boots is not wide.
I had this vaccume for 1 year. The suction was great... Actually had trouble vaccuming rugs because the suction was so strong. But upon arrival the very first day the connection from switching to the floor or the handheld didnt work. I took the cover off and the spring wasnt properly put in. No problem I fixed it myself. But after only a year the vaccume burnt out. I cleaned all the parts by hand every week. We have multiple pets..I have to vacuum every 2 days. The vaccume simply just stopped working while vaccuming one day. I got it on sale from Amazon for $80. Don't buy if you are looking for a long term appliance.
The only thing this product did for me was to leave a greasy feeling film in my stainless sink. I was disappointed in the product personally.
I was hoping to give this item as a gift to somebody, but the item's box came so torn apart and dirty that I ended up getting something else for them and just keeping this for myself. Even so, I think this item is a really fun idea and would have made a great gift if it weren't so torn apart when it arrived.
It is good fabric and beautiful color but I give only two stars because the zippers is SUPER SMALL I pass a lot of work put the pillow inside
Cans won't roll down to the lower rack, just fall off the back
The product was not what I expected. The quality was a bit cheaper than what it looks like and a lot smaller than what they show.
Cheap quality. Striker is garbage and not held in place
Worked for less than a month. Now won't stay on more than an hour. Changed batteries a million times
I made the mistake of buying these on my phone and did not carefully read the long winded title for the product. I thought I was buying what I was seeing... pillows. Nope only the covers. They seem okay, but I won't know until I go to the store and buy actual pillows to put in them. I wouldn't have paid this price for just the covers if I had noticed that.
Top sheet was small and the fabric was not as soft as I expected.
The teeth come through the top metal. But they work if you dont mind.
Makes more of a mess than it's worth. I decided to stop using it!
I have not even had this two years and barely used it the first year. The unit made sputtering noises and completely broke.
I had an older version of the Bissell Pet hair eraser and I LOVEEED that vacuum. Unfortunately, my dear husband accidentally broke it and it had to be replaced. I immediately came to Bissell to find that replacement - and grabbed this bad boy. It is definitely lightweight, which is great, much lighter than the older version. However, it doesn't suck at all! After 45 minutes of vacuuming my small front room, I still had visible pet hair and dirt in my carpet. I am so disappointed, as Bissell has never let me down before, but this is definitely not worth your money.
If you like ironing buy them
At first we really liked these- they look amazing. But the panels are constantly getting “stuck” where the recessed door is, so when you open the door, it slides into the panels and smashes them, which causes them to bend and the fibers break/tear. Once they start to bend, then they really get stuck and you can't even open the door.
This is another great Amazon purchase that if you do not pay attention to the description of it you get it and find that it is a fraction of the size you imagined it to be, I'm used to working with industrial glue guns in this thing can fit in my back pocket. However I don't recommend putting it there until after his cooled off because that could really hurt your buns.
I purchased this and the floating 5-tier wall shelf, but they both came without assembly instructions. I'm hoping to get in touch with the company so I can have the instructions sent to me.
Feels synthetic. Fairly noisy from plastic liner. Terry loop outer covering is scratchy. Has slight chemical smell
For the money, it looked cheap. Not worth the amount paid, so had to return. Cute idea, but didn't do it for us.
I bought this for a trip overseas, but it was not comfortable at all. It's bulky and doesn't offer much comfort. I didn't fit me properly, so it didn't get used. There's no real way to "adjust" it to fit you. I turned it upside down to see if it would work that way, but it didn't help. While it can be rolled up and placed back in the bag, it is very difficult to do so. I think just a standard neck pillow would have been better than this.
I thought this one came with a remote, if you want this toy make sure you get a remote,, other than that it was cool
Disappointed that two of the ribbons were not the same
Using the word "power" in the description is a big stretch here. I bought this to tackle my shower, and was sorely disappointed. It wouldn't even get off the darker film on the tiles, much less the grout. Much better to use around the kitchen for dishes, or light soil applications.
Very cheap. White only. Some lights will malfunction immediately.
It was supposed to be 100 pieces and I only received 96.
Curtain was too stiff for me. I was use to softer material.
While the delivery was fast, I ordered the red plaid tape as shown in the photo and received the yellow. It will do for what I need it for. But not what was advertised.
These are lovely and soft and the covers are made well but I am dissapointing with the details of the feathers it's just a printed sticker and is damaged very easily
Dutch Apple turned out to be snickerdoodle. Smells good enough. We'll see how it burns. Not worth the hassle of returning.
Based on the information on Amazon's web site, these filters look like they are OEM, but when the filters show up, they look like cheap knock offs. They do not have the same characteristics as do the Bissell OEM filters.
Some good questions but had no idea most of the cards have biblical quotes. Being someone who isn't religious had I known this I would have bought the cards. Otherwise some of the questions are good.
it does not look like the same as the pictures. In addition mine didn't even come with the lights. I wouldn't recommend for more than one reason.
No, no, no. Scratched my wood floors, tossed the dirt vs sucking it up. (Level on 3) not impressed and sent it back
Most normal trash cans won't clear the wheels. Assembly was a pain in the neck too.
The clock is easy to set and use, and the protection works well, but it is BRIGHT. I had to stop using the projection within just a couple of days because it was interrupting my sleep. I could have bought a much less expensive clock without projection!
The oil medium had came open and leaked all over and was stuck to the foam in the box as well as the plastic underneath. It was almost completely empty so is unusable.
Would not re buy. All the glow in the dark and color changing beads are all bunched together and you don't know which is which because they all appear the same. Would've returned but wasn't worth the hassel
I Miss Read - I wanted the Billfold Size Ones-- Probably Will NEVER Use these== MY FAULT.
It doesn't working after one month!
Cosmetic damage to a ball. Not as nice as matching dish
THIS WILL NOT FIT A DC 40 ITS TOO LONG........
Damaged Upon arrival, the tops of 2 out of 6 bottles were cracked or completely broken off. (Strike one) Not only that, they are expired. Let's see how the paint is when I start on a project.
Cute and soft, but fading was evident on the center of the the fitted sheet after only a week of use. The middle is significantly lighter than the sides now. It's worse in person than what the picture captured.
Not to be used for faux leather!! Not a strong stick at all.
This item is missing the star that goes on top of the tree. Now, I have to return it and order a different one. An item like this is a timely purchase, and should have been right the first time. Alternatively, the seller could have offered to send the missing star.
Received damaged, can is all dented in, I can't even close the lid. Not a complete lost I guess. But for the price it is worth returning. Thet
This product was not what I expected. To small to hold one key let alone four.
The mirror was easy to install, nice looking and seems sturdy however the distortion on the 10X magnifying side is very bad. The reason I bought it was to put make up on without having to wear my glasses and it is basically unusable for that purpose. I will be replacing it and putting in a spare bathroom.
Hoping for the house to smell festive for Christmas. Not the case.
Update, now that I have used these and washed them twice; the colors held up perfectly. They wrinkle horribly and they stain easier than most napkins. I would not purchase again. These are big and the colors are vibrant. The only draw back is they wrinkle quickly. You have to hang out by your dryer and get them immediately. Thus a bit of wrinkle.
We bought these as towels for the guest bathroom so they are used infrequently. They look really nice and the gold accent looks pretty against the blue towel. After the first wash it started to unravel. Not sure how it will hold up after repeated washings.
I'm really disappointed. Several arrived broken.
Decent product for the price, however I did have some problems. The roll was cut way too short, so I cannot complete all of my windows. The roll was supposed to be 16.4 feet long and is only about 12 to 13 feet!!! Additionally, some of the film was damaged, it looked scratched like the coating came off. Other than those quality issues, the product worked as it was supposed to. I recommend using a lot of water on the window before applying, it makes the installation much better, easier, and a better finished product. Be careful when squeegeeing since this stuff scratches incredibly easy. I used a credit card with some adhesive felt stuck to the edge to make sure it didn't scratch as much. I installed this on two big doors, and I worked from top to bottom in the middle section first pushing everything down and to the sides then did the same on the sides pushing everything gradually outward. It takes patience but the end result is good if you do it in an organized fashion like this.
I purchased this item June 8th and one of the zippers that are sewn together is already broke. I have used this bag three times total. I like the bag and wanted to get a replacement but the Item is no longer available. Called Amazon and they said I could return it and pay a $3 restocking fee. I said I'll keep the broken item vs paying Amazon $3 to have no product. A bit bummed as I love this item otherwise.
Almost 1 yr to the day bottom latch that hold door to stay closed unhooked tried to hook again but it don't hold door closed tight anymore. 11months . Also dials on toaster writing is to small to read what your setting it on .
I have had a lot of problems getting the WiFi to work from my phone. This product will not register in the phone app!
The gold is too glittery and golden making it look too much. So i returned this item
The product photo shows this as a standing cat - the one I rec'd is not quite sitting, not quite standing. Not sure what to do with it since I purchased it to STAND as décor on a shelf. Shame on this product for false advertising, and on Amazon for allowing it.
Broke in 3 weeks. Battery compartment was also starting to corrode.
Exactly as earlier review wrote: The cutter on the box is literally 3.5 inches shorter (1.5 inches off one end and 2 inches off the other) than the box while the box is about the width of the paper. And the box itself is too flimsy to withstand the action needed to tear the paper over the cutter even if the cutter was long enough. The paper itself is satisfactory. Fortunately I opened this box of paper just after using up a convention parchment box and it fit just right. If you don't have a box to transfer it too, you'll have to use scissors to cut the paper which will be a great big hassle.
Turner is decent when it works. I have attempted to make one cup and about 10 minutes after applying the epoxy it quit turning and will not start again. The motor is hot to the touch so Im assuming that is why ig will not run. I would not buy this product again.
Really thin something you can find in the dollar store.
Arrived with missing, dented and bent parts. There were dents in the poles. The "rings" you connect the velvet rope to each post were both missing. One of the "balls" on top of the post was not usable since the attachment bolt was badly bent.. Several reviews of the product were mostly positive but that was not at all my experience. There were 3 separate issues with the product each of which was a reason to not buy again.
Not a good purchase. I returned it. Output was very low.
Have only had this in my bathroom for a few months but it is already starting to rust. How can they claim this to be made of stainless steel?
Didn't like how thin they are compared to other sellers. I can't use these thin ones. The description of thickness doesn't match the product that came.
These pillow covers do not look decorative, just like pillow covers for your bed. The fabric is thin, wrinkled and I returned them back. Even been prime item, the return is not free, I have to pay for it.
It's a good product. Except i did no receive a set. I only received the cake server. There was no knife. I tried to replace the item but it says you don't do that. I would like to get this handled as soon as possible. My wedding is in 7 days and i need the whole set.
I am very disappointed in this fan because when it is on oscillate it makes a clicking noise. I have tried tightening and loosening screws, made sure it's clean and no matter what it makes this annoying noise. Otherwise the fan is great!
I did receive 8 eggs but 2 designs of 4. Deceiving that they show 8 different styles. They should state you can receive duplicate styles! I did contact them and they said"it is random" in selecting the eggs (I assume) :( On a brighter note, as some have reviewed, they are nice tin eggs!! Just wish I had 8 different styles!!
The break when you put stuff in it. Probably not buying again. Cute though.
I really liked the design. But functionality is horrible. The soap takes forever to come out and even if you adjust it to the max flow it is still so slow and it takes a few times to fill my sponge. on the upside you will save on dish soap!
In the description it says , bronze color but when I opened it looks more black to me.not happy with color
You can see through them they are so thin.
There is no where to put the battery compartment without it being seen and they don't lay flat because of the weight of the battery box.
It's a nice rug but it's super small. Much smaller than I thought it would be
I have ordered these before and were pleased. The last few orders I've gotten have not gone well. The candles drip too much.
Had trouble getting these two burn. They do not burn as easily as sage does.
This would have been just what I was looking for, but it arrived with half the glass shattered. There was not enough bubble wrap or styrofoam to keep it from shifting in the box. The product box and shipping box were both in pristine condition.
Got it for my kids toys and while I was assembling I broke one of the pieces of plastic side. & the poles were easy to bend out of shape. Maybe ok for light weight stuff and things you hardly touch.
Very tight and not thick. The bottom is also open, so your feet don't stay warm.
The stitching is coming out. It didn't survive but 1 wash before it began unraveling. Each wash it gets worse.
I liked how the rod looked, simple design and it felt sturdy. I didn't like the directions for installing it or the results I had with the rod falling down the next day.
Received one but not the other. Seller was a tad hateful about shipping status. No point in returning the one I did manage to relieve because I am not wasting the time or energy to ship it. The quality is subpar. It is something that would work for backyard parties. Nothing like weddings, baby showers or anything of somewhat importance because of the quality. For anything else as I said these would be perfect. Bought these to use as table scapes for a dinner party. Wasn't able to use them because they didn't arrive on time and I only received one. Which was fine, I would have been too embarrassed to use it.
The pattern of the quilt is very pretty, but I expected it to be a bit thicker than it was. If you are expecting a thick, heavy quilt, this is not the one for you. Also, it took 3 washes to get the chemical smell out of it. The smell was so strong it made my entire bedroom stink!
Silk is nice but disintegrated after a few washings.
All the sizes are nice to have but the needles are not finished sufficiently for the yarn I am using. I had already taken them out of the bag and began to mark the sizes on the end of each so I thought I could not return them but I received a cheerful refund.
Needed to use way too much to get it to glow. Sadly it glows greenish not whit 😕
So I read the reviews and still purchased them. Yes, I am a fool. Don't be like me. Buy a product with good reviews so you don't end up with two plastic bags full of wrapping paper laying across your closet floor. The more you know...
The pinch pleats on this are awful. No where near the picture. I've had a few comforters like this and this one is the worst I've gotten. There's also a lot of wrinkles that won't come out. 2 stars because the size is accurate and I got the right color.
I purchased these base off of the review but am pretty disappointed with them. They seem well made enough, but the material is very scratchy. I had hoped they would soften over a few washes, but they continue to be scratchy, to the point that I actively avoid using that pillow now. I'm used to the soft sateen cotton, and this material isn't like it. It's definitely a solid weave though, and they look good, but aren't comfortable to use.
I expected this to be more sturdy. I can't make it stay standing up it keeps collapsing.
Stopped working after a months use :(
Packaging facility should do a better job. I found my package with several of its hinges unfastened. Im feeling a little doubtful of the product just by looking at the packaging. Hopefully there aren't any defects since the seller is claiming product is heavy duty. Will update my review if there are any additional defects.
Used it twice and it won't shut off. I have to place it in the sink and let it die about 10 minutes later. I think my cats may murder it.
We ordered two of these... 1 worked and the other didn't. I had to solder one of the led leads back to the battery plate. works great now... but had to fix it fast for Xmas
Not wide enough for any window or door. I wish it was brighter colors like it looks in your pics. I can't use this. If you have a very small window it would be nice.
I bought this to pop out a small dent in my hood. The reviews were pretty negative, but since the price was low I decided to give it a try. The order takes 3-4 weeks for shipping. The first one arrived broken in shipping. It was shipped in a plastic bag with no padding. I reported it broken on arrival, and the seller sent me a new one that also took 3-4 weeks to arrive. The second item arrived intact. When I tried to pull the dent, the suction was good, but when I pulled the handle broke off the suction cup. It might work for dents that can be easily popped out, but if you pull hard it will break.
I've completed a lot of these diamond paintings and this is the worst!! The pattern is not the same as pictured!! The bead doesn't stick onto portions of the pattern or it slides around in the glue on other parts of pattern. Don't purchase from this company!!!!!
I was expecting a blanket and sheet set and I just got a twin sheet set and no blanket. And I need full not twin sheets which is what was sent.
Straps that hold it up ripped within a week
Like the cover pattern and color; however after first wash it lost some of its color. In addition the cover does not rest in place as shown on images and elastic band leaves undesirable impression on leather. With enough friction will not last and cause damage to recliner leather material. Overall, it does not work for my needs, I was better off buying a high quality throw.
Colors and patterns were not anything like the photos. I chose these, because I wanted darker colors, but everything I received is very light and pastel. The quality seems good, but these are not what I wanted at all.
Don't fit my handlebars, missing brackets, and screws. The only good thinks is they arrived in a decent time frame
Died already. Red light no longer turns on and is dead. Used it for only 20 days :(. Worked well when it was working.
Too small to be of much use. Yes, I'm a large man but there are three of them.... just beware if you take a large glove
I purchased another scent from Anthropology and it smelled great! This one barely smelled. Maybe an old candle that's lost it's scent.
yes they arrived on time. good packaging. but why isnt the color options specified?? neon yellow and pink and tan?? no blue or green or that white one as displayed in the picture :( this was for my baby's nursery and now i wasted money on something i cant use :((
The ornament was broken. Packaged poorly, the box was crushed in shipping. I cannot find a way to contact the seller and I can't return it. At least it was under $7. Hope it doesn't melt when I use my hot glue gun on it.
It lasted a little over 1 year.
The hose definitely needs to be longer. Also, every time you push the telescopic wand back and forth, there is this loud clicking noise where it connects to the power nozzle. Personally, I have a difficult time pushing the power nozzle back and forth if I just use one hand. It takes two hands to guide it. I think the power nozzle is too light in weight. If you have any suggestions, I would appreciate your input.
The dividers don't snap in place or go all the way to the bottom so it is virtually impossible to keep the colors separated.
Actually, really nice but doesn't fit inside my vanity door. Be sure to measure and that you have extra wide cabinet doors to accommodate the wide basket. The loop for the hair dryer sticks way out there. Costs more to return it than I paid so ended up being a waste.
I purchased two boxes hoping to have extra candles. When one of the candles stop working I replaced the light bulb, that didn't work. The fuse provided didn't work & the extra candles didn't either.
Well, it seems the beige curtains aren't black out at all. They still let a ton of light through. From reading other reviews, it looks like the other colors do a better job. They aren't very thick and I still woke up to way more light than expected. The beige is room darkening... kind of disappointed. & They look cheap.
Smell terrible when I got it, so washed it, it lost threads in the washer & a couple of pounds of fluff in the drier, and had to cut off lose threads & may have shrunk as it is not as big as I thought it would be
These could be cute earrings if they made sizes that actually fit the ears. I had planned on buying all the different colors that I could find but I'm glad I only bought one pair of first to find out that it wouldn't have been a good idea.
This is the biggest pain to install...I don't know if I got a faulty one but it wouldn't install under my cabinets as the anchor wouldn't go in. Moved it to the drywall and the dull anchor totally destroyed my wall with a giant hole since it took about 10 tries to actually get the anchor in. Had high hopes with all the positive reviews. Did eventually mount but one of the anchors/ screws isn't very tight. Have to see how long it holds up.
Looks good but may fall off your wall. My walls are clean with normal paint but this thing fell off within 30min.
I purchased 2 of these blankets. They are a good size and warm well. They do however shed too much and I find bits of shedding all over the house and clothing.
Two of the candles did not work
Much smaller than I imagined but it's cute.
I like, but when you guy delivery. Had some of them broke that I don't like
Was disappointed because the reverse side of the pillow is a Greyish white color. These cases feel like burlap which isn't very soft. The print on the cover is not as vibrant as they appeared in the picture. Unfortunately, they must be returned ... sigh 😔
The heater itself looks nice and stylish. I wouldn't feel odd putting this thing anywhere in my house. Unfortunately, this thing came with so many issues. Firstly, it came with a scratch on the top. The paint had been scraped off, looks like something sharp swiped it. Next, the feet are extremely difficult to put on, it seems as though they were not made in the proper sizing. Lastly, the handle seems to be the proper size, but the heater's front metal panel seems to be bent and the handle can not be inserted in the front hole. Although this product claims it can heat a room, I don't think it can. I've had this thing on for an hour, but apart for the immediate vicinity of this heater, it is not very warm.
Very thin and not as pastel-ey as I'd like.
The way the dots for were rolled for shipping made approximately 5-6 rows unusable. There was also an entire row and a few more dots here and there on the hook side that were omitted completely from my order. Will not reorder and would not recommend.
I bought 2 of these fans, one didn't work at all after setting it up, and the other one was fine, but it's small, it will be better on a table than on the floor because of its height
Toxic odor! Okay...maybe it's not toxic, but after 3 months 'airing' outdoors, and then through 2 months of use, it still gives off a nasty odor. If you're at all sensitive to smells, this is definitely not the mat for you. On the plus side, my bath floor has a very fine texture to it, and this mat doesn't move.
Low quality, not 1500 thread count not even close, nothing Egyptian about them. NO COTTON INVOLVED HERE .... I should have realized they were going to be cheap crap... You get what you pay for.
Dimensions of mine are 1 in x 2 1/2 in which is not the 2 x 3 inches promised. It's real, but has a lot of brown flaws making it dingy looking and it's smaller than expected.
The ties fell off after 3 months
At first I was so excited to receive this but after a month of use the center began to tear down the middle . Not worth the money
I have two similar handhelds from B&D. One hangs on the wall, one sits on a charging base. Both have flappers that don't close. The flapper opens to allow dirt in when the vacuum is on and then is supposed to close when the vacuum turns off. These don't close. It's two separate models, with similar designs, and both have equally failed. The one that sits on the charging base isn't very noticeable. But the one that hangs on the wall is almost useless as everything falls out of it... I've tries to contact B&D but nothing so far. Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.
Alarm seems to go off randomly. Toddler loves it or would toss out. Gave up on programming
I was very disappointed in the small size of these gorgeous beads.
The inner packing box was smashed up and 6 of the hangers had their hooks broken off. The outside shipping box was in perfect condition.
This product didnt come all the screws and other parts needed to assemble it. It was not very sturdy and I dont think it will hold much weight. Over all I wouldnt buy this product again. I would go somewhere else.
The item arrived three days after the guaranteed delivery date. The box was 10 times bigger than necessary. The item arrived bent and won't stand up properly, likely due to the poor shipping. Amazon is starting to have a difficult time maintaining their guaranteed delivery dates. It's frustrating as I had to rent a replacement for a show over the weekend.
Bought for a gift, was supposed to get in two days through Prime and it's the fifth day and still don't have it. Needed to get framed but now I'm in a fix because it didn't come. Tried to figure out how to contact them but it won't show a link, probably won't be buying anything from this vendor again!
The product required about 20 minutes to assemble using the tools that came with it. Ultimately, however, we found the stand too flimsy to trust with our bicycles. The track for the tires is wide for road bikes, causing the bicycle to torque within the stand. This leaves one with the impression that the bike might fall over with a stiff breeze or mild earthquake (we live in California). We tried a mountain bike, which has thicker tires, with similar feelings of unease. Perhaps my steel frame bicycles are too heavy for the frame... but I consider my husband's carbon frames too valuable to risk the fall! Unfortunately, we were traveling for work when the stand arrived, and so missed our opportunity to assemble and test before the return window.
The curtains themselves are lovely when removed from the package. Unfortunately, they do not hang evenly. I purchased four panels and each one is a slightly (to significantly) different length and none of the hems are even. The result is that the hems on both windows are very uneven and unattractive.
slider caps aren't tight enough and the glitter finds its way out. i've tipped over these in my storage bin and all of them don't keep the glitter in. I think its a design flaw. so they don't work at all for me.
Well... I've had this vacuum for exactly a year. I loved it at first... but then... after a few months it started just cleaning on its own at midnight every night. I checked all my settings and timers. Tried to clear the issue. Nothing. Tried to contact the company... very difficult to get ahold of anyone. I think I emailed them, and then maybe a month later, someone emailed me back with no resolve to my issue. I gave up. Figured... fine, ok... I'll just let it clean at midnight every night. Which was ok as long as it didn't get stuck under something. I'd much rather it clean while I was around so I can clear any jams or get it unstuck from under furniture, etc... But NOW... the thing has just gone haywire. I can no longer get it to connect to my app on my phone, it doesn't work from the remote that it came with... so when I turn it on and let it run, it just stops in the middle of my floor beeping and screaming at me for no reason. Here goes trying to contact customer service again... (insert eye roll)... there is now a number to contact them, but I just get a message stating that there is no one available and to leave a message. I left a message. But, I don't know about you, but my time is very valuable to me. I work full time, single parent to an active, athletic kid in a lot of sports. I'm never home. So... I'm interested to see if and when they can get back to me. How convenient. In the meantime, I'm writing this review and shopping for a new vacuum. Certainly from a different company. Will not purchase from this company again.
Bought this 3 months ago to replace a similar rubbermaid hamper I'd had for over 2yrs that was starting to tear at the bottom seams. It seemed like better quality with the metal handholds, but already they've come undone and I have to attempt to snap them back together everytime I pick up this hamper. Go with the rubbermaid one instead, much better construction!
One screw hole didn't line up resulting in the screw sticking part of the way out. Now it's stuck - won't go in or out and I'm past return period. Too expensive to not look finished.
Sorry I ordered. You pay for what you get
Was not the Christmas design pictured!
not good quality and bigger than presented conditions
This pillow cover is not high quality. A big chunk of the sequins don't flip well.
Not as nice as it appears on the website
I love the print but these feel like cardboard.
Got this at Christmas, in April it fell off the wall of my shower and when I tried to stick it back up I noticed that the cups had deformed and were not flat. I boiled them for a minute and they regained their shape, but then a week later they pulled right through the mounting holes and it bounced off the floor again. So it only lasted 4 months.
These are pretty small and don't stay cold for long.
If you have a darker skin tone don't even think about getting these because it will not hide your piercing
I give 2star because I recieved it on time and it was the exact color as it showed in the picture,but it was all wrinkle ,no tag,loose and cheap material .
Bought this May 9th 2019 and it died yesterday August 18th 2019. :(
These are made of very, VERY, thin plastic. I don't expect them to survive the elements for long. Two arrived cracked at the lip, but I'm not going to send them back. The cracked lips can be masked by whatever flowers I wind up placing in them. Still, very disappointed by this product.
Too hot. Seems to hold heat in.
The material is nice enough, but the sizing is horrible. I ordered the king size for a king size bed and it extends MAYBE 2 inches over each side, as soon as we get in bed it's pulled up over the edges.
The beads are a lightweight plastic. The colored beads are dyed not evenly. You can still see the original off white bead in some spots. I returned these for a refund because they are not what I was looking for.
Too lightweight, did t expand to size of exact same case. Stuffing on pillow was very sparingly added and I would not order these again. Very disappointed.
Actually I have had nothing but trouble replacing a strand of lights from the one's I bought last year. I have now bought quite a few that did not match.
Did not like this one. I still have it. I got a email from the company telling me that some of their kits did not have all the beads and to check my kit. Well after I got back from burying my mom I checked the packet. I found there were three to four pacts missing. I wrote them expecting them yo make good on their to replace the beads. Well they did not replace them so now I have a kit that needs to have some of its beads replaced. Thank u
My boyfriend absolutely loved it unfortunately the mug cracked along the edges as soon as he poured a beverage into it (which was water). Would love for this issue to be solved.
I would rather go to Dollar tree.
Loved it but repurchasing because the original does not lay flat.
Awful candles! Burn way too fast and run terribly since the wick isn't centered. We've actually saved lighting them for Sundays only so we can make them last until Christmas. Usually, we can light the candles multiple times a week for all of advent. Worst advent candle set we've purchases on Amazon.
Purchased to pack college kids stuff zipper broke off when I closed the bag. On the bright side there are two zippers so I ended up just taking one all the way around.
The hip area has the correct measurements as listed and the material is good quality however the legs are way too short when I put it on I was like is this a joke lol For reference I'm five nine a hundred twenty five pounds I have thirty five inch hips and I ordered a medium
the silverware was fading and turn to black color
Very disappointed in this units ability to clear smoke odor from a room. We ran this in a room downstairs where 2 cigarettes were smoked. The smoke odor still filtered throughout the entire house; even with the "ionizer" feature turned on. On the plus side, the unit is easy to operate and fairly quiet on the two lower fan speeds. It gets a bit noisy on the highest level; which is what we ran it on to try and contain the smoke odor.
Wall scroll is advertised as high quality fabric wall scroll. Not cheap vinyl with a hole in the picture. Just a few things on an otherwise awesome print.
No smell waste of money
Large hole in the barn wood. I understand this is a rustic item but a piece of wood should not be used if it has a large hole all the way through it.
Worked AMAZING when we got it. However, we have only had it 6 months and it is no longer working. It comes on, abd blows air, but it's not cooling anymore.
Doesn't include vase. I was expecting vase to be included for these money, not just flowers. Don't know what do do with them without the vase. Flowers I guess are ok.
Not worth the money. Melts fast, pretty though, smells kind of like cologne
If all your shoes are flat and light, it'll be perfect. This is better suited for storage of stuff..board games, or anything flat. The space between racks is small...too small for shoes really..unless they're flip flops
This item is not the size advertised. It is 2'' smaller. I would not have ordered this if I knew the correct size. This is very misleading.
These have a weird unattractive mustard yellow painted tip on each stem, that detail is NOT visible in the photo. Don't think I can correct it so may be returning these. Disappointed, this company usually offers a good product for the price.
not worth the price....its just a fan and even with water in it the air wasnt cooler than without.
I actually bought this for my girlfriend and we like how heavy and warm it is. Made it through a Montana winter. My issue is that it is NOT Korean Mink. It is 100% polyester. Before it was even washed, it barely fit our queen size bed, and I bought a king sized blanket. After everything, except trying to reach out for customer service as it's not really necessary, I have it a 2 star for false advertising, price for faux mink, and size issues.
The latches don't hold onto the lid very strongly. They pop off ALL the time
2 of the letters were fine 1 ripped and 1 wouldn't hold helium. Was very disappointed.
It was much smaller than I thought
After having a down pillow, I hoped these pillows would be a good alternative without the cost of down. They were huge and didn't have the softness we expected. I returned them.
This product was missing one of the legs on the stand so it keeps falling.
This product is great! Pretty sturdy for tiny metal rods I m very happy I have a few issues with it as far as material I would like the seller to contact me I need two replacement parts due to ripping and short one piece if this gets resolved my review will go up dramatically because other then those two things it's a good product
Not good at all,Only sticks for a short period.
Looks super cheap. Wouldn't use for our windows in our house. Sent back!
Hardware (screws) were not included with the product - that has delayed me from installing the weather station
Edit March 2019: just wanted to update because the seller just called my personal cell phone from an unknown number and left me voicemail. Don't buy from this seller!! After sleeping on it several nights, I did not notice an improvement in my skin or hair. But the pillowcase did take on an oily appearance that won't go away even after washing.
Hose does not come with the cover as it shows in the picture. You can tell its poor quality the moment you touch it. Does not clip into heads just pushes in, prone to coming off
The dehumidifier arrived with dark, almost black crystals. I charged it for four days in a room with the lowest humidity and the crystals changed to a brownish color, never bright orange like the product packaging shows. It was less than one week before the crystals were dark again, nowhere near the 20 - 30 day lifespan stated in the product description. I purchased another renewable dehumidifier (different brand) and it is working perfectly.
Bottles arrived broken and gems were everywhere. They will work for what I need but not worth the price.
The breeze is not very strong,even at the highest setting, beyond a few feet I can barely feel it. The handle for lifting it is not in a good place, it's on the fan grill instead of on top of the motor housing which makes moving it feel very awkward. I will not buy another fan from this company
Its very short I would recommend buying longer one to avoid possible mounting issues Buy this if you absolutely sure you need short one
Love the markers if they all.worked. out of a pack of 10 only 8 work.
At first it was really nice. But it was a little snug for my bed i ordered The correct size. But still a bit snug. After about 2 days of the sheets being on my bed.. the corner ripped... all the way up the seem. A couple days later the other side did too. I am Afraid to wash them cause I'm afraid they will shrink. They were nice for a week.. but i dont Think i will Be purchasing from this seller or putting them back on my bed again.
I thought this was 100% cotton so was surprised to take it out of the bag and have such a strong chemical smell. I thought it was just packing smell so washed and dried it according to instructions. Still smelled. So washed it again in warm water and dried low heat. Still smelled. So washed it again in hot water with baking soda added to the detergent. Still smells but the smell is much less. The good. It is puffy and had no problem with a hot water wash with baking soda. It seems very well made. I am currently airing it out to see if I want to keep it. The smell seems concentrated in the bed skirt portion. The cotton top seems fine, as does the filling. The polyester backing originally had a strong odor but it is less apparent now. In the mean time I'm ordering another product in hopes of an all cotton mattress pad that has no odor.
Very cute but you have to glue them together and they do not take the glue very well. Came unstuck after a couple days. I have tried different glues as well.
This liner is definitely not 72” long - too short, it is nice looking but ineffective because it is too short.
Was short on amount I paid for. Had to return.
Product looks great, but the metal part separated from the egg base after the second use, and it would not remain in place once reinserted as if the glue or connection was faulty; had to throw it away unfortunately.
These were small compared to those I've purchased in years past. Same look but half of the size
the instructions that came with it were terrible
-Pro - It works well and was pretty easy to install. We installed this in the kitchen since even with the windows and porch door open in the summertime it gets hot as blazes. Since this is reversible it works much better than the box fan I had there as the air is a concentrated suction out or blast in -Con - Turned on high it's like a helicopter taking off in our kitchen. Seriously the noise is ridiculous. You will not be having a conversation in normal speaking level voice with it turned on. That said it's noisy as heck, so I would never put this in the bedroom or anyplace where you want to have quiet. I'd suggest you try a box fan before getting this thing since they are usually $20 or less anyway, then if you're like us and really desperate to get rid of a lot of heat in the summer try this thing. Just know it really would be a lousy choice for a bedroom.
It doesn't fit well and did not wash well
Cheap product. Not thick and durable as advertised. Would not buy again.
Ordered this twice,the second time was a reorder. There is NO WAY the pillows they sent me were the same as in the picture and discription . The sticker on bag doesn't have any matching numbers and falls short in measurements! The first pillow had no contouring to speak of and second one,only slightly better.
Interesting but do not flow as easily as I had hoped. If the paper is wet you get a better outcome but I was really hoping for nice lines on dry watercolor paper. The paper that comes with this set is not the greatest quality and tends to warp considerably even it work was taped down but in all honesty you cannot expect much from such from a basic gift with purchase. I will continue to play with them, might be great for kids. I wouldn't purchase again unless I can get them to flow more consistently.
I had bought a set for my son and he liked his, so I bought some for myself. After one wash, the pillow case stitching came apart..
Quit oscillating after 2 days. Still heats but wont oscillate.
I ordered the bright blue and the color is WAY off!!!!!!
OK but would be better if Velcro was attached
I bought the Dust Ruffle by the same maker and I loved it . It was very soft and cute. Disappointed in the sheet set thought. They're too thin and just do not feel comfortable or quality.
These are not waterproof! there's no fleece on the back, it's a towel type material which is nice and soft but useless for a drooling baby! She soaks right through it within minutes. The only reason for 2 stars instead of one is because they're cute
Loved it at first but it broke after a few months while going to the airport.
I never received this item because they were out of stock even though it showed in stock on Amazon. Therefore, product never showed up and refund was issued.
I bought 4 of these and placed them where there would be no contact yet of the 8 bulbs, 5 have burned out in 3 months of moderate use.
When I saw this, I thought that it was going be perfect for our couch. However; it does not stay in place. We have to keep pulling it up after we sit on it.
I don't know why this works so well for so many others, but this does not work for us. I have a toddler who wets the bed about once a week. This does help block a good amount of liquid, but some urine is definitely getting through because the mattress is damp to the touch and I can smell it on the mattress. This product does work better than the other ones I have ordered off Amazon, but how can I give it a good rating just because it leaks a little less than the others? A leak is a leak. If my mattress is getting more yellow over time, it's simply not good enough. On the flip side, it is not noisy to sleep on and has a fabric covering over the "waterproof" layer making it soft to the touch. Very easy to clean in the washing machine, and it fit our twin mattress perfectly. But again, doesn't work well enough. Alas, my quest continues...
It is ok. Smells strongly like chemicals.
The one that came with the device was basically a sheet that easily came in and out. These ones are similar, but thinner with a sachet of beads. They don't fit right in the device. I was able to get it in but I had to tape the faceplate to the device. I wish they included a picture of the actual product. Won't buy again
I was excited to find an organic cotton set for our guest room without breaking the bank. They are nice crisp sheets. We have had these for less than 3 months. They have been washed 4 times and already have a hole in them.
I was really looking forward to gifting these, but the scent is too mild. Definitely not strong enough to fill a room.
I do not like it. It is not what I expected.
It is not dual voltage as the answered question says. I plugged it in while in Europe anyway. Smoke came out and smell like burning and it worked! I've been using it for 3 weeks now across Europe. Every time I plug it in, it smells like burning, but works.
Nice design, but very thin, almost transparent. Probably won't last after a few washings.
I have only had them for a few months.
I do not like how this product does NOT absorb the water.
6 out of the 10 Records were broken. I'm sure do to shipping.
Easy to put together, but the cylinder is trash. Chair randomly sinks down after sitting on it for a while. I'd return it, but it's already put together, and it's cheaper and easier to just order a new cylinder. And I'm not over the published weight limit. The chair is comfortable though, when it behaves more like a chair and less like a pogo stick.
Was a lot smaller than I thought.
Material is cheap; a few of the zippers ripped the first time of use!
Very cheaply made. Plastic picture covers fall out as soon as it is hung up.
Loved these when we got them. Unfortunately 2 tops broke within the first month and we just had a third one snap. Was really hoping I'd solved the lunch box dilemma. Back to the drawing board!
I don't know if it's me, but I had a hard time getting the foil to adhere to the laser ink. It was very spotty. I tried to adjust the heat settings on my sealer, but I just couldn't get it right. Or it could have been the paper. We used black laser ink printed on regular card stock.
The first one I installed immediately fell apart. The second one required a bit of tightening before installation; then it worked well. The jump rings are on the soft side so were replaced.
My sewing machine takes a bobbin with a 1/4 inch bobbin shaft not the 3/8 inch one. I am returning it. Hopefully I'll be able to find the 1/4 inch shaft bobbins.
I was so excited to get my color it colored pencils. I have the color it gel pens and just love them. When they came I started using them immediately and was so disappointed that when you sharpen them the lead keeps breaking. Two of the red colored pencils are about half gone already from sharpening and having the leads break. I am disappointed that I cannot order individual red color pencils to replace these because they will be gone shortly
I love the softness of this blanket, and it does great at keeping me warm and comfy. However, the blanket is shedding little pills of fabric all over my sheets. I am pretty disappointed, my bed looks so dirty because of this.
Disappointed that one pen arrived instead of the pack of ten that was ordered. Had to go to the trouble of sending the order back and deciding whether or not to order again. This was the second time we ordered these pens and the first order was correct--that's why I rated two stars instead of only one.
I did nt like the product quality .if u r getting for very less utensils then it is fine .not dat much sturdy .
Smell is way too strong. My boyfriend had a bad reaction to it, it gave him a migraine. If you are sensitive to fragrance, I definitely do not recommend.
The sheet we're not as soft as I wanted to be. The have plastic feel to them
I am really disappointed in the way this product feels. It does not feel like a blanket it at all. It's super stiff and not fluffy or soft like you would want a blanket to be. This was a gift and I am embarrassed to have given it. I am giving it two stars because it does work but it's certainly nothing I would want to cuddle up in.
I was expecting it to be a bit more sturdy for $20. I'll be surprised if it lasts a year without tearing.
product is good quality and looks ok from a distance,but both came with tiny little dents in quite a few places, decided to keep them anyway because they are kinda of hidden behind the toilet. If you are super particular you might want to pass on these or call first to have them checked,not sure how this happened because they came wrapped on bubble wrap!
The outfit itself was adorable. I was disappointed in the shirt as it frayed and the seams came apart after one wash and my son couldn't wear it.
There's a hair stuck inside the clock...and there's no returns on this. Great.
Measurements were incorrect so it turned out uneven. You get what you paid for . I will be calling amazon tomorrow
It seemed to clean well for the first 6 months. Battery life started getting shorter and it wouldn't clean as well as it originally did. The vacuum now 'stutters' forward several times before blinking red and shutting off. Tried troubleshooting and got nowhere. Looked up warranty info and they say we have to pay for shipping both ways, which based on our calculations will be around $50. At this point, we're going to junk this POS and go with a better product and company that doesn't screw you on the warranty when things go wrong.
Cheaply made. The advertisement says it comes with a lid, but doesn't show it. It's just a flimsy clear plastic cover, not really a lid that is secure. The hooks that hold the necklaces look like they will break if you bend them too much. Not happy with the product. Overpriced for what it is, which is just cardboard.
Wasn't thrilled. Feels and looks really cheap. You can see through it too.
Smaller than I anticipated. I realize that the size was going to vary but a lot of the wood slices are smaller than what I assumed based off of the description.
This is a gorgeous cover for a weighted blanket and I wanted to love it so badly! But after two washes (as prescribed by the tag) it broke to the point that we had to jerry-rig it to work; after that the choice was between washing the cover and **having** a cover, which is hardly a choice at all. :(
I thought this fan 2 years ago and I only use it during the summer. Last year one of the fan motors stoped working, this year another one went out. Poor quality. Very disappointed.
Maybe not good for resin? I thought I had a bad batch of resin components, but now that I have sorted last weeks pieces into perfect, needs work, and total fail... most of the total failures are pieces where I used this powder :(
I bought 3 sets as I wanted to create a barrier between the air conditioned living room and the entrance hallway. The three sets combined have less strands than the photo which presumably depicts 1 strand. They are otherwise nice and really do compliment the space. To be an effective barrier, tho, I'd need 3 more sets which I'm not sure justifies the cost.
Liked this at first but took it on a 2nd trip and the light doesn't come on now. So useless in the dark. Would not buy again. Easy to set the alarm, seems durable, and I like the 8 minute snooze. Downside is that the light is bright and a little hard to look at when you're half asleep and snoozing it (not like the old Timex Indiglo which was visible and a softer light). It's a little bigger than I was expecting but I didn't really look at the dimensions. Would buy again.
It's beautiful, it's the perfect size, it goes with the decor....and it's not watertight. Allllllll of the water has gone everywhere. Only good for fake flowers, unless you have some sealant lying around
I guess when you buy cheap it's what you get. The towels are horrible not soft and already raveling. I bought these for the guest bathroom and they are hardly used and more than likely I will buying new ones soon.
I bought this to replace an older dirt devil but the one is like it's cheap cousin. It works pretty well for the little I use it but it doesn't feel sturdy at all. I don't think it would be good for daily use or high traffic places.
I did my research to buy one for my husband to use reading in bed. This one claimed to be X-Large. Once you are sitting down the arms are too short to use. The space between the arms is only 14" !!!! It is sturdy and soft, the only reason I didn't box it up and ship it back. a few bed pillows would have done the same thing.
I didn't realize this was made of plastic. The latch continuously gets caught so the self close is unreliable. I have kept it and it has held up in a rental apartment but wouldn't buy again.
Does not stay in place
I kept the blanket I received - because it is so soft and returns are such a pain. That being said I received a gray blanket when I ordered the teal color so not thrilled with the experience.
Outside unit dies unexpectedly after a year. Bought twice, both did it.
It's CRAPY! 5 AAA and they die in a week. must keep plugged in through AC power. Keeps flashing time and year and did not stop for 5 days.
I had ordered these previously and was very happy; they had come in a flat box so that all the liners were flat. This time, they are all rolled up and no matter what I do, they aren't flat.
You can see smears/finger prints easily. I feel like the glass is very fragile. I've gone through 2 screen protectors already in a month. I barely tapped it with something and it cracked a bit. I guess it's ok to at least keep my actual phone protected
i adore lucite tissue boxes as an excellent source of function and decor. i found this particular box to be wayyyy too long for the standard size kleenex. once the tissues are loaded in here, you will see that there is a lot of empty awkward space on either side. if you are a perfectionist you will keep shoving the stack of tissues back to the middle of the box since they will often get pushed to either side. Also, the bottom tab to open the box slides open at the slightest touch. i am constantly having to close it back up.
I was disappointed in these sheets. I should have known that you do not get good quality sheets for $40 but I was hopeful. The material is very very thin. Like Tissue paper thin. Perhaps it will be good when it is very hot in the summer.
Ugly, don't buy. You can have your child sew a bettet one.
Has hole in bottom and stuffing came out
This candle split and leaked wax all over after only a couple of weeks of use. VERY disappointed. Will NOT buy again.
I've only had this installed in the shower for a few weeks and I'm already getting lots of surface rust where my shampoo bottle sits. These must have a very cheap coating and/or very cheap metal.
I was looking more of a bath pillow...pillow if that makes any sense but, this is not the product for it, I see that many people were happy when I was browsing, but it was for me
My device arrived minus a rubber pad in one of the four foot supports. There is no telephone number in the documentation to call them to send me the rubber pad that's missing.
In the picture it is a rose is bigger or the glass is smaller but in realty the glass is bigg n the flower is really small not worth what i payed for.. i feel robbed....
very soft but the elastic is not great, feels like it will not last very long.
I bought the couch and the loveseat covers. They are very good quality with a cute design and comfortable but they dont stay on the couch or loveseat. I am constantly pulling the couch and loveseat out and putting the back of the cover on. Its frustrating. I really like the idea of these covers but they dont work if you want to sit on them.
it doesn't quite cover up my sheets and blanket
It is a very lightweight plastic which doesn't feel like it will hold up. You can only push it forward to work and therefore requires more effort using it
I don't get why these pillows are rated so highly. There is nothing special about them. They are soft sure, but very thin with not much support.
Not as bright a yellow as the image suggests
It is not actual size of a full bed , it is 1 inch short
Too strong. Does not have a pleasant odor. sometimes smells like burning garbage. Disappointing.
The chair was easy to assemble, and is kind of comfortable, but the spring that holds the lever down for the backrest adjustment is weak. The chair is advertised as rated for 300lbs, however I am 180lbs and if I lean back the spring gives out and the chair ratchets back as far as it will go. This makes the chair back unusable as I can't lean back against it and have it stay where I set it.
This pillow was much softer than I expected. My head sunk down inside it and the pillow covered my nose and mouth, which made it difficult to sleep comfortably. I ended up using it for my decorative pillow shams and got a more firm pillow for sleeping.
they leaked all over package
Good: Table was sturdy and easy to put together. Overall I was very happy with this purchase as opposed to an "L" shape setup. Bad: Disappointed to see that this product went on sale 10 days after I made a purchase. I was debating on getting a second one but I will take a hard pass for now.
Agree with the others that the Bright white LED light is a huge disappointment and changes the look of the whole village. I will try one of the mods listed here (love the idea of the amber prescription bottle plastic to soften the light). I'm nervous about adding any more houses to the collection after this last one as it feels like the company dropped its standards significantly.
Nothing like I expected. Poor quality and small. Nothing like the good quality one even gets on air planes.
UPDATE: Lowered my rating - I discovered the soap is simply leaking from the base of one of the units after taking a week-long vacation. Have not had these very long and they have never been dropped or mishandled since I received them. Based on so many great reviews, it's disappointing that I constantly have soap on my sink / counter. I will now be replacing the units entirely I wanted to like these; they are attractive and match the oil rubbed bronze fixtures in my bathrooms. Unfortunately both units I received seemed to be broken to a degree. They both have inserts that aren't secure, they move separate from the base. Perhaps something detached during shipping, perhaps that's just how they are supposed to be? My bigger gripe is that they drip... a LOT! I have to wipe excess soap off of my counter several times per day after using the soap dispenser. It's like there is a small amount of pressure that stays in the dispenser all of the time, constantly and slowly pushing out soap. Very disappointing... perhaps I just got two bad units, but time to find another set of soap dispensers
Very thin!!!! Not a good shower curtain liner.
I was so excited to get this for my daughter this year! Unfortunately, the package came damaged. I am thinking of a creative way to redo the back because it shows a picture for each day of what is inside. So in my opinion it takes the fun out of it.
After running lots of water through it it still tastes funny. :-(
Very hard to turn, not easy at all.
The label stick to the palette when removed takes off splinters of the pressed wood. There is also already a crack from before it arrived. The knives seem like they'll hold up though.
The only good thing about these are the looks. They slide all over the place, with stuff on them. The sizes are not good so I decided to use on my door shelves. They have a lot of heavy jars on the and move all over the place. I'm quite particular about things being in there place and these are just horrible.
Small and lightweight but lacks immensely in suction power. I was expecting something a little more powerful and basically got a Dustbuster on a stick. Additionally the extension/telescoping tubing is cheap plastic.
Hamper showed up and plastic outside arrived cracked. Decided to keep as finding one this size was a pain but inside is just a cloth bag. Dont get if you need a good hamper we just put towels in it.
Advertised as dark brown wood but black painted is what arrived. Doesn't sit level. Very lightweight. Am returning this item.
Unfortunately one of my shelves has a problem where the paint/coating is bubbling up. The other shelf is in great condition s d they are both hung in the same room.
It doesn't stay put. The weight of a few items makes it slide to the floor. I'm going to have to rig it to where it will hang on the side of the bed.
I excepted better quality for the price. I kept it but I do not recommend it.
These tub mats are thinner and poorer quality than I had hoped. Not much better than putting down a thin towel to stand on.
I thought they were going to come already painted a gold color ( what it looks like in the picture) and they come just brown... you need to paint them yourself.
These gloves are decent, but just know that if there is hot steam coming from the area you are using them in, they will NOT block the steam. Also, I believe it says they are rated up to 540 degrees (can't remember exactly), but whatever it says, it's not. I was roasting some veggies in the oven at 450, and when I pulled them out, the heat got to my hand rather quickly, within 3 seconds. These are decent if you're handling stuff at around 425 or lower, but if you need something for higher heat, I would look elsewhere.
I have had this model for 2 years and have to send it for repair 3 times. Glad I bought the protection plan, but it seems that Asurion's fix for every problem is to change the battery. Changing the battery does not fix all problems.... having to send in Neato again for repairs 1 week after it was returned to me from Asurion. When Neato does work it cleans well but seems to always get stuck under chairs and in corners. I'll stick with Roomba next time around.
After much research, ordered this product, and found not suitable for me. The low wattage is 1000 watts not 700 watts. The eco setting will cycle on and off but the "comfort temp" of 68 is factory set-can't be changed. So if you find 68 is cold for you (like me) you will freeze until the unit turns on and freeze when the unit turns off. Also no batteries come with the remote. How much more expensive to add 2 AAA batteries to the packaging?
This is paper thin... it's actually thinner than my sheets! I understand lightweight but this is a different level. Took pics to try to show the quality. Overall, I've been happy with Amazon Basics: the dishes, white washcloths, white hand towels, sheets...this one just didn't cut it and honestly, for the price, my expectations may have been too high. It was reasonably soft but looks way too cheap to put on my bed. Gave two stars because the price was low.
Comes in a ton of parts , difficult to assemble , directions are picture only yet the parts don't line up to the images. Took nearly 2 hours. The bags themselves smell like a tar / gasoline. Headache inducing. Would not buy this in hindsight.
I am not very happy with these. They are very flimsy and hang right at the level that my cabinet pulls are at. I wish they hung lower. The idea behind this product is great, in theory, but poorly executed. Additionally, every time that I open my cabinet, they come off. I have to consciously open the cabinet carefully to keep them in place. I would not recommend this product.
I really worried about this product after I reading the reviews. I ordered two instead of four, but now plan to order the other two. Putting them together is not difficult, just a little bit tricky. It didn't take more than 5-10 minutes total. As far as the product goes, it suits my needs. I want them to store shoes under my bed. They roll great. They are certainly sturdy enough for shoes. In the picture you'll see that the pieces don't exactly line up perfectly, but for under the bed, it's not a big deal. I'm happy with the purchase. Update: I've changed my mind. I thought they were good enough for my needs, but one is already broken. I now regret having bought four.
Dont work that good i never use this
Very cute. Waaay smaller than expected
Why was the barcode on the box covered???
Well I did read the comments to before I bought but thought I would buy them anyways . They are definitely not the same color red. I'm using them for the mommy/son dance so they will still be used and even tho they dont match my little man will still be excited about wearing them. The white ones I also bought and they are gorgeous .the red ones also aren't glued together real well.
One use the zipper broke on n the bra pouch.
After a little over a year, the automated feature no longer works. It was awesome when it worked, but now I have a open trash can because the closing functionality just stopped working!!
not sure if I received a defective unit but this heater is 100% not quiet like advertised. I wished it had a setting for fan speed. This thing sounded like it was a hair drier.
Everything appear on the up and up. Looked professional. But I only got 25 sticks!
Clearly died to be more pink. I was going to use them as part of the gravel in my fish tank, but when I soaked/washed them the water turned pink.
I loved this. But the light seemed to dim with each use and now even though there is a light it's so dim it's useless.
I bought this board to have a second for working on multiple projects at once. Overall the board is sturdy, clips are okay but I'll remove them soon as I considered clips on drawing boards to be in the way. My gripe with this board is the location of the cut out handle. It is located in the middle of the short side so when the board is used with 18x24 paper part of the sheet is unsupported & difficult to draw on. I consider this poor placement as it out limits the size & type of drawing that can be done on the board. In photo this board is in the foreground while my old board is behind. I much prefer my old board
While it's easy to suck all the air out of the bag, with a good vacuum, the hand pump takes forever, and the seal does not hold. Very disappointed. Look elsewhere and don't waste your $$
Cute idea. Not well made. Maybe for less interactive kids. Within 1/2 hour wheel had fallen off twice then lost both of the treads while playing at a football game. Actual line following was bumpy, not smooth as shown in promotional video.
Cheap frames and one came broken
If you like ridiculous amounts of static electricity you will love these sheets!
These sheets were not sewn correctly and colors were either missing or bleeding into other colors. Sheets were a factory second but advertised as new.
Tried it over and over, looked like it worked at first but after a few rains seemed to just wash away.. repeated several times as per directions... waste of money.
I love the kettle, but based on all I have read and heard I do not use it, but instead use it as an accent in my kitchen. I have been told it will discolor and chip. I have noticed discoloration already from sitting on the stove. I would assume it's the result of the heat from the other burners on the stove. I probably will stop collecting MC since the company sold the quality is awful. Too bad, their customer service is so terrible. I love my old pieces and they are still wearing well.
I'm a little disappointed in the color but they're still ok for what I'm using it for.
Too cheap feeling, very thin and flimsy. I guess it's okay for a backup- but I avoid using them.
Nice bracelet but the clasp doesn't stay closed. This is the second style that I've ordered and it didn't turn colors but I keep losing my beads!
They keep falling off the walls
It does not stay smooth on my love seat. Sorry. I will be returning this item.
I love everything about it EXCEPT for the reason I bought it: To store incense sticks inside it. I've purchased 2 different brands of incense are both are too long to fit inside this holder.
I love the blanket for me, but it will not stay on the bed. It's fits on top of the bed and does not hand over the edges. I will give it another try by putting it horizontally on the bed. It appears to me that the blanket is just not compatible for two people in the same bed. I
Wonderful size, however, it slips.
Lost the wheel after having this for a little over a year. This part just wore out and I am not sure why. I would like a front wheel like this would not be a problem. It sure seems like Roomba and these aftermarket companies can't get it right.
These magnets were not strong at all. I would not recommend.
Do NOT buy this one with the free bulbs. They're utter crap!!! (Pic attached of two in the middle). Save a couple bucks & get the regular one. The variations of fixes get muddled but I was able to get some strands to mostly work & just swap the dead ones out with bulbs that worked. The bulb tester is pretty spiffy but you have to really get it in there. A light tough won't do it. If you have the patience of a saint & a high tolerance for finger pain, give it a whirl.
Great but small, more like for kids clothes
The trash can looks good but the AC adapter doesnt fit. How do i contact customer service
I sent it back because it didn't have a spray set up. I need that for the heavy wrinkles.
Although this was a very comfortable seat cushion, and the massage feature was nice; I bought this to help relieve tailbone pain (because the title clearly says Coccyx orthopedic seat cushion)... and the cushion is NOT built correctly to provide this relief. There is material and padding right where your tailbone would sit. It pushed directly on my coccyx and did not provide comfort. I have a different pillow that has a specific cut out area for the tailbone, and that is the only relief pillow I have found. I really wanted to find one with a massage feature. Don't buy this one if you already have coccyx pain and looking for relief.
I would recommend getting one from a Creative Memories consultant instead of this one. It does not work well.
half of these were came with broken bottoms so I just went in to the store and picked up what was needed for the office. you should pack them better for shipping.
Not what I was expecting but it's not awful. I was expecting something more plush but what I got was pretty flat. For me atleast it did not help relieve any body aches...
Not a true gold at all, but very brassy. Not a good purchase-was looking for a true gold for my holiday cards.
Be prepared to glue a lot of holes
On line the item looks larger. I was disappointed for the Urn was for my Dad. Item returned.
I purchased this product for myself and my mother. We both live in Southern California. She uses hers every day and loves it. It used mine for 3 months in the last year. When I fired it up this year - no heat. No better than a fan. I've tried it at various settings and it won't put out heat. I was thinking about ordering another one - no. Please be advised by our experience the quality of the product is hit or miss. I struck out after 3 months.
Be nicer if the rod pockets alittle bigger . Used 7/16 inch rods and about wreck curtain trying to get rods threw , nice thick material
The ashtray needs a better resting place for your cigarette when you just put it down for a few seconds. It does not pull the smoke away from you or others, smoke just goes up.
I could barely tell they were lit, not much color and barely any flame. Luckily they were for a four year old that goes with the flow pretty well.
I have used this almost every day and I honestly don't see the difference from any other product I have used before. There is no shine or much cleaning power !
I liked it, as did my son whom I purchased it for but it had string out and eventually came loose and pieces lost so now it's broke
My order got delayed and has not been updated. If you could please update me on the tracking, it would most appreciated.
The two-pack ships them together, one inside the other. Jamming the two plastic wastebaskets together clearly isn't ideal because mine arrived broken. Amazon was great with sending replacements, but the replacements arrived broken too. Ultimately, Amazon refunded the purchase.
These are small in width.
The metallic cup is detaching from the black plastic cover with the handle after a few weeks. Worse when trying to take the lid off.
The material is good but it does not stay up. It is always collapsing and folding inward.
The kit was nice but the storage container wasnt wrapped very good because as you can see it was busted up really bad
Omg it is small. Not a normal size poster. Disappointed
Does not have five LED colors as advertised! Get one with more color LEDs for Freshwater Aquariums.
They look cool, especially when filled with colourful soap. Unfortunately one of the spouts popped out after only 5 months of use.
Well, you know when you opt to try something but decide to not spend alot on it. This was the case here. I purchased six of these, 3 black 3 white. First of all, very cheaply made, thin plastic, 2 of the six leaked instantly, 1 around the swivel point if you did not swivel it, it would be fine. That defeats the purpose right, as soon as you swiveled it it sprayed water everywhere. The second one automatically leaked out of the shoddy silicon sealing around the head of it. Next, the feature of the of being able to switch from a "shower" stream to a "faucet" type stream is subject at best. Pulling down on and pushing up on the sprayer never is the same. Sometimes it pulls crooked on one side, than the other and never really gives a definitive difference and says. Unless you full blast your water, then it's a mess. Only a matter of time before that fails. Also, the cheap plastic threads, which I did not think or realize would be plastic, will strip out very easy if you do not line up perfect. Finally the swivel aspect, yeah it will roll around at 360 degrees, but as far as movement back and forth to cover a larger area...nope very minimal. All I can say, if you buy cheap...you get cheap.
Had and still has a terrible odor. It is very toxic smelling and if it does not dissipate in the next week we will get rid of it. This was a little piece of junk which was pains taking to assemble.
The canvas was washed out and when I received it the box it the wood panel in the back had pierced the canvas. I'm so sad I was going to order another even though is was a touch faded, but not if it is going to come to me so damaged.
the stone were dull and some even fell out in the bag
Nice design and colors. However, the placemats are not solid, so if you spill water or something on them the content will filter and damage your table.
Disappointed. I love the pattern, however the fitted sheet quickly balled up and is no longer soft. I replaced flannel sheets that had lasted 8 years before finally ripping. My prior sheets were purchased at a discount store and had better quality. I expected more from the Eddie Bauer label.
Just like several previous reviews, stale taste, my kids like it, my wife and I don't
Kind of difficult to set
This clock is very pretty and woodsy, and it worked well for about two weeks. Since then, it has gotten extremely noisy, to the point where I will probably have to take it down. The second hand also falls off occasionally.
It looks pretty but the fabric feels loose and cheap overall you get what you paid for. I added a throw and decorative pillows to upgrade the look
I'm not a fan. I wake up with neck pain every morning I use this. I keep using my much older pillows instead of this. It was also a hassle to get this shipped because they used fedex. They were nice enough to send me another pillow since the first never arrived, but even then fedex didn't follow the instructions. I wish the shipper had just sent this regular USPS
Lights are very small. There is no provision for making the bushes stand up. The photo is misleading regarding that point.
the item can improperly packaged and broken. The box was undamaged, just the item loose in the box. It is made of plastic but not strong enough for unprotected shipping! IF it wasn't broken it would have 4 stars.
The traverse system does not work well. The cords keep getting tangled although we continue to try to straighten them out. We will need to take the curtain rod down since we can't use it.
I didn't keep this because it didn't look as pretty in person.
It isn't very sturdy at all. Nervous to put anything even a little heavy on it. Not that much space and it's hard to pull the drawers out because the clothes shelves sink a little bit.
duvet cover ties too short and basically disintegrating right out of the box. You get what you pay for.
I've had this sprayer for about 5months. I used it today and went to put it away and saw mold in it! I tried to wash it but there is no brush small enough to reach down there and since it's oil...oil and water don't mix so even trying to rinse it out was useless. I ended up throwing it away. It's very frustrating as it isn't really a cheap item. Very disappointed.
Not at all as described. It's a tiny fraction of what is depicted.
Attractive towels but no water absorption, making them not really towels.
I don't usually write reviews but I was so disappointed with the packaging of this item. As you can see on the photo there are two large cracks on the mirror that it's not even useable. Other than the damage, I think the item itself looks nice. I'll update once I get the replacement. However they need to improve on their packaging.
Very cheap product. Threads were coming out on the first day- don't waste your money
It didn't really work, the smoke didn't pour like it was supposed to and the cones it came with didn't smell all that good, beautiful ceramic tho, and came in a nice box
Dude, this is the thinnest bed skirt that has ever existed, honestly.. I sorta consider bed skirts to have more structure to them and this one is thinner than my actual sheets, which means it won't last long and will definitely be destroyed in the wash, if you had a pet that was prone to biting anything, the slightest scuffle with a nice boot or a piece of jewelry and this thing is going to be DESTROYED. NOT WELL MADE!
They came in warped i have them under heavy books. Packaging not very good shipped in white plastic envelope and cards were shrink wrapped. I make an origami crane on it so it will not be so plane
The product looks good, but the hole in the accessory tray had a metal insert without threading that would not accept the screw. For that tiny item, I had to repack and return the item as there was no option for part replacement. The product could not be functional without it. I bought another brand replacement for half the price and that assembled easily in minutes.
If your buying this to try to do any kind of art don't!!! spend the extra 25 bucks and get a Neo -Iwata you will be so much happier.Mine broke the first time I tried to take off the tip to clean.The trigger pull is like sandpaper, do not recommend.
The connectors fall off and weak.
Very disappointed!!!! The marble part that is supposed to be white is like a light purple. It almost looks faded and not like the picture. I just got new sheets and everything to match this comforter!!!
The more you put in it the faster it falls from the chair Need something that will stay on the chair's arm
The item arrived with the Box open and without feet, caps and screws. Totally unusable. Would love to have kept it if all the parts were included
I got this in early August because I needed a little fan for near my chair. I basically kept it on all the time, which I have done with other fans. This fan however quit working already and it is only September 13th. I would prefer a fan that can hold up a little longer than that.
My shelf came incomplete with only 24 plastic connectors (the product descriptions says 50 connectors). It's disappointing and I will have to return since there is no option from Amazon to contact the seller.
Too big for my fireplace, looks very fake.
It's not wooden material which was misleading as when purchased, it wasn't written anywhere on the page stating the material and the caption was "wood". The steam is too weak to be used as humidifier. After 1 month using it, it gave a long beep sound when trying to turn on, after the beep it will not turn on so I have to unplug to reset it. This happens often.
This was useless! Smells awful! I still had to clean the toilet bowl just as much as before. Waste of money!
So nice, but so HOT. I've always wanted a down comforter, and heard great things about this one and with the price I figured I couldn't beat it. It is so hot though I can't take it, and I'm a cold sleeper who never gets warm at night.
We bought this mattress pad in January for our move that occurred this past week- we just washed/dried it for the first time and it came out horribly! There are now chunks of material missing from all over and what is left is hard to the touch- it is entirely unusable now. Apparently it cannot be machine washed & is not dryer safe. We had initially thought it was great, but are now very disappointed.
It doesn't really work. Not ok. Not recommend. You will regret buying it. Waste time. I don't recommend it to any one.
Too big. Disappointed
It's big, but no very sturdy. The suction cups are completely useless. Why they even bother including them is mind boggling.
The towels are not soft and are scratchy. Would not buy them again
These were very flimsy and the small post that holds the rear of the seat to the frame broke within a couple uses. They definitely will not hold a 260lb person as I am 210 and my husband is 190 and they broke, several of them. If you are buying them for children or small adults, they will be perfect.
The lady's hair is purple on the pic, but red in person. My shower liner is 1 1/2 wider than the shower curtain itself.
I ordered this for my liquid lipsticks but came to find out they don't fit all the way. Besides that as soon as I took it out of the box it has a very very unpleasant smell to it. I left it out side my room for 2 days now and the smell seems to not go away.
It is perfect! Just as I thought it would be! Adorable in my laundry room!
They do what they're supposed to, but not high quality. Reminds me more of a tarp than curtains.
Arrived broken, was a Christmas gift, didn't have enough left to order new one, plus it looked like it was cheaply made. Not worth the money.
Bristles are too soft to do any serious scrubbing. The length is nice for tall bottles but I ended up having to use a wooden skewers to try to scrape off some baked on gunk at the bottom of one of my kombucha bottles. Very disappointing.
A little bit of a let down, a lot smaller than the picture makes it look. the application could have been better too. Having to apply the transfer paper was a pain
I loved this when I fist got it and so did my teen grandson. It was so very soft and felt so good UNTIL it was washed. The picture shows all the lint from washing it. On the left was lint after the wash. On the right was after I put it back in the dryer to try and get the lint that was still stuck to the blanket. It still has lint balls stuck all over. It is a HOT MESS!!! So disappointed. All the softness ended up on the lint filter....The only positive is the picture. 😉
Read the reviews on these pillows and hoped they would be good for my husband. He typically likes sleeping on a lower profile pillow, however these are too thin. There isn't a lot of support on them and even doubling up doesn't do much. Really had high hopes for these after seeing what others had to say, but these pillows fall flat (literally).
Material is soft . It did not swaddled though and as far as the price it was OK I would not purchase again
one fall off after some use. the glue isnt that strong i guess
Won't really catch hair. It has larger holes in it than I expected. It would be ok for in a kitchen sink or a sink with no drain stopper, but not a regular drain in the bathroom.
Returned, not working.
It arrived on time. The beads are not 8 mm they are more like 6 mm.
Product arrived in rough shape. Several small chips on the bottom.
I ordered this before I moved. Just inboxed it and was putting it together and the clamp to secure the shelves broke. It just snapped off.
Bought three and noticed one had come unraveled 6 days after the return date. Will not be buying another.
I had a really hard time with weeding this htv. It ripped pretty easily.
The product is nice but the packaging is awful. I'm giving this as a professional gift and there is a barcode sticker right across the front of the box and when I tried to peel it off, it tore the material apart and there is an obvious color difference so I have to keep the sticker on which is really upsetting. I almost returned because of this but I needed the gift right away.
The tail is waaaaay too small, tiny tail
Pictures had folds in them.they wasn't packed & shipped properly
I like this jewelry box but very hard to get open, needs a handle on the top. Also very hard to get top layer out of it and trying so hard to get it open the dividers broke. I like the color and size.
Bought this because jt stated it was rustproof. Went to change the liquid out and boom. Rust. Disappointing.
It's a rather thin blanket and the gold letters feel like iron ons. It feels and looks cheap in person. I bought some lovely thick throws for cheaper that are significantly nicer. This is overpriced.
Don't work in car, it's very width
They are hard plastic and I feel that once they are on. Putting them on is a hassle. I cannot reach around and put them on once the bra is on and it is almost impossible to put them on first and turn the bra around. I live alone and needed someone to help me with them. Not for me but maybe okay for others.
World's best? LOL. Nope. Really awful. Remember, you don't get what you don't pay for. NOTHING like the nice soft micro-fleece blankets you get for a few dollars more.
Looked great- followed directions to a T. Sticks to wall- doesn't hold soap. With bar of soap product falls off the wall.
I returned it. The pushes were too slim and the wire not strong enough to hold it between the platform and sleep number mattress.
Once washed a couple times, this pilled horribly (like nothing I'd ever seen) and the pills stuck to everything else in the wash along with the blanket.
The shells did arrive intact. However, there were only 38 shells and not the variety pictured. All of the smaller ones are the same kind so I do not have any variety, nor do I have enough shells. All of the larger ones are orange, so not suitable for my purposes. The caption on the ad says 80 shells. In the description it says 50-80 shells (quite a difference) and in reality I received 38 shells and not the variety pictured. These will go back and I will go to a store to find what I need. Two stars are for the packaging and delivery.
Soap dispenses with a red rust residue
I purchased this set for a king size mattress. Based on all the glowing reviews I figured they would exceed my expectations, but after washing them, fitting them on the mattress and sleeping on them for a night, I was disappointed in how thin they are, how they stretch and bunch up on the mattress, how the top sheet isn't wide enough to tuck in, and how uncomfortably hot they are to sleep on a memory foam mattress. I decided to return them and instead purchased the best set of 100% cotton sheets I've ever purchased for not much more than I paid for these polyester sheets. Feel fee to look at my other reviews and see the review I have for the 100% cotton sheets I purchased. I hope this review was helpful.
No air tight seal. Came in chipped. 2nd issue with anchor hocking order. 1st smaller ones came in completely shattered. Poor packaging.
Unit plays fine but is very sensitive to jostling.
After 3 months stick stopped working properly, now it is completely broken, it doesn't spin when pushing it up and down, completely useless. I used the set carefully just to clean the house.
These arrived in good shape. They are super super thin and bend easily. I could not use them as hoped due to their flimsy material. Once you put anything with weight in them they can not be stacked as the lids can not support the stacking. I wouldn't use them to organize anything except maybe shoes. And then they dont have a good enough seal to protect.
They are pretty colors and fabric is nice but the design is zoomed in close so it's hard to make out what it is. I bought standard size , maybe it's better on the king size.
Ok but not good value for what you get
Seems instantly starting fraying and breaking. Sheets feel nice but sown with poor quality.
I would not recommend. The cord does not stay in and the light flickers.
Doesn't clean very well— cheaply made
Falls apart it is very dry and falls apart. Ended up throwing away 1 of them because it just kept crumbling all over the place. The other two i started burning as well and are already almost all crumbled
So the clock is not always on. It turns the display off after five seconds. You'd think there would be a setting to keep the display on always like a normal clock, but their isn't such a setting that I could tell. The settings for setting an alarm clock should be simple so you can set it while your not fully alert. But setting this alarm feels more like coding and requires a bit too much of my attention. It does look nice though.
These would have been really cool if they didn't peel off in 3 days
Pictures can be deceiving. The wood is cheap at best. Installation instructions were horrible. I would avoid this and buy something a little more robust.
They were not the length described.
Material is coarse and several threads were pulled when received. Color is not as vibrant as in the picture. I did like the thickness of the quilt.
Very flimsy plastic. Hardly pushes any air
It came banged up and partially open. Scratched up, it looks more like a used fan than a new one. Fan only blows fully through the left side.
Clogged up after the first week. Motor works but it will not dispense soap.
I know, they're somewhat cheap, but the pictures don't capture what junk these are.
this frame is not 5 x 7 it is about 4.5 by 6.5 so it cuts off too much of the picture inaccurate description on amazon and now I am stuck with it because it would cost too much to return
Not sturdy, broke after 3 months
Cushion absorbs and radiates a LOT of heat. Also- since it's memory foam- it flattens out after a while, and you have to stop using it for a few hours to let it regain it's shape.
Not as expected. not soft and cotton does not fill out pillow.
Honestly haven't used it yet, but I definitely overpaid for a uniquely cut piece of flannel.
Looked really small and cheap, had to return them lol.
To make most bath bombs you use citric acid. This doesn't hold up to that. The plastic is brittle to start with and the tans to help you open them broke easily. And after 1 use they cracked in many places. Second time I notice the surface was etched from the acid... maybe my error but that was what my recipe had us use, but it was too much for the molds I'll keep using them til they fall apart but I won't reorder again.
Really crunchy and noisy. May soften up after a few washes. Largely unusable as is.
The mesh is only attached to the outside of cloth.. I had to cut them off of mine.. they work fine without the mesh.
Poor quality, or I got a lemon. The white bungee strap snapped when I tried to install it. Still works without the strap since the skirt itself has elastic in it to hold it up, just not as tight around the mattress.
I was looking for a shower glove for cleaning. Unable to use this product with cleaners that have bleach.
They look great, but they absolutely do not absorb water. Literally pushes water around on the counter if you try to wipe up.
very thin cheap quality. has a really strong odor to it.
Only lasts about 4 to 5 hours total.
I've had other mattress pads that are waterproof, and this one feels like plastic. Not a huge fan.
I love this spray but one of the bottles had a nozzle that just spurted out the spray and couldn't be used.
These feel sturdy, but they are pretty shallow. You wouldn't be able to drain a lot of noodles or whatever at a time.
It's rolled down to about an inch in diameter making it HORRIBLE to try and unroll. It creases, it lifts from the paper, and it's basically impossible to lay flat. The color is good and the reflective capacity is good, only reason for 3 stars.
not the greatest quality but it did what it was suppose to do
The picture is deceiving. image is smaller than what it appears!
The cardboard holding it was torn and I was unable to gift it as I needed. :(
Looks pretty but very thin cheap metal.
A terrible item I ever bought. Upset. To be truth, rubbish! Fake product! Pure Junk. This was my worst buy yet.
So much larger than expected, hard to fit in pockets
Drawer organizer is just as pictured but the slide out sides are pretty flimsy and probably won't last too long.
Probably very comfortable but you will need new sheets with extra deep pockets. I didn't think about that when I ordered. And it's not that easy to get it into another box.
I really like that they are sheer enough to let in light yet provide privacy. I also like the fabric. however, they are so crooked. I moved them around to fit the best they will, but I sure wonder who hemmed them. I didn't return them as they were inexpensive, and you do get what you pay for. they'll be ok for a temporary curtain.
These containers are the perfect size and the lid fits the container...which is a problem that I have had when buying a different cheap container. My only complaint is that these are NOT sturdy. Two were completely damaged during transit, even though the packaging was perfectly fine. The containers are made of thin plastic, with very little give. I also dropped one...less than two feet onto the carpet and it cracked it. They are cheap though.
Battery run out very fast
These hangers are soooo useful ans space saving. However they are not durable i have had at least 10 of them break out of the pack of 50 i bought les than 1 month ago. They break when you rotate the hook. I wish they were more durable.
The product is fine, we've been using it for years. What chafed me is the way it was packed to ship. The box arrived with the tub on its side inside, loosely padded with large blister packs. The cap was unscrewed from the tub and the foil seal was torn, causing some of the powder to spill into the inside of the box. Messy, but not a total loss. Still, the least effective packing job yet by Amazon.
While the lemon scent was very nice, the packaging says up to 60 days. I used in a non-smoking car and it has had it after 20 days.
I love the design, the quality of the piece is not as good as portrayed.
looks cheap. feels ok. my guess is it will not last long
Not of Swarovski quality
Nice sizeable rug, very soft maybe a little thin making it cheap looking
The battery is great! I now have at least four hours of battery life, as opposed to about 15 minutes before I replaced the old one. However, the tools that were included are simply caca. I had to buy a whole set of security tools just for the three-bladed screws that need to be removed. Very frustrating! Be sure to factor that into the total cost when considering this vendor.
the top is hollow so you cant store anything on top
Looks like it could be a beautiful mirror but it came damaged. The packaging was not damaged at all.
Shipping label was placed on the box itself. This made it look really tacky since this is a gift. Item itself is nice.
Doesn't work as well as I'd like. Falls over.
This thing is not as large as I had imagined when I purchased it. That said, it would probably be a decent bag for travel if you only have a few items of clothing that you need to carry. I would probably not purchase another. I gave it three stars because the construction seems to be solid enough, it's just too small to be of much use to me as an actual laundry bag. YMMV.
it does not stay on tile
Battery does not last and should for this price. Shaves delicate sweater nicely but goes slow. No indicator saying when battery is dead or charged. Light indicating when it's plugged in is functional but useless because it's obvious when it is plugged in!
Very cute and very tiny.
didn't fit on my cabinet door but I still use it
Not strong enough for heavy drafts But minor works pretty good
It works right out of the box...just plug it in and turn it on. HOWEVER, I got this for a very humid basement and it just does not take the moisture out of the air efficiently. I've had it running nonstop for over 2 weeks now and can only get the humidity down to 56%. I recommend finding and spending more on a better one.
Well... I've been looking for an indoor/outdoor weather station and although there are a lot of options out there, I couldn't find the one I was looking for necessarily. So I tried this one. It doesn't look bad and temperature seems to be relatively close to accuracy. The “only” drawback is that if you stare at it anything further than 45 degrees from the center, the screen starts to look distorted, meaning, you can barely see the numbers. When you're looking straight to it, then it looks great. I played a little with the brightness of screen and it didn't do any good. I think it will depend on where you set it on but just bare in mind that if your angle or view is wider than 45 degrees, this may not be as useful as it is designed to be.
It's super cute and not hard to install but the wood are a little cheap... one of them is broken ☹
Still trying to figure out how to make it work!!! Watching the video, have tried 2x and didn't work.....
I expected this to have some cushioning and it doesn't. The ground is just as hard without the rug. I will say I like the color and the rug looks nice in my bathroom. No padding at all though, so I was disappointed but kept it.
Wish that the backlight stayed on permanently it makes it difficult to see the time without touching it every 10 seconds. Also this takes some time to get used to how to set it despite instructions provided
Love these curtain. Exactly what I needed.
They had a great variety of stickers and all in great detail but, they do not stick for longer than a month without rolling up.
Thought it would be brighter! But when it is in the bathroom it is sort of ok... Bought it for Christmas gifts (9) and was going to return till I took it to the bathroom it was ok. If anything more than 7x I would have returned.
So slippery. Great color. I love them. Daughter did not
I've never done any scrapbooking before, but I wanted to make one for a trip I went on recently. I thought this kit would be perfect. It had a few items to start me off without spending a ton of money on it. I was really excited about it, but unfortunately my kit was missing the stickers, stamps and stencils it said it came with. I do love the book and the case itself though. I like that I am able to customize the cover of the book and also the box that came with it. I just wish I had all the cute scrapbooking supplies that I thought would be with it.
Wish the felt it's were a bit thicker and the adhesive would stay stuck :-/
Assembly was not clear. I had to assemble, test and reassemble till I got it right.
I did not purchase this pillow for sleep. It is too firm for my use as a pillow as I have extremely sensitive ears to pressure as well as a neck issue. I bought this pillow for my recliner to use as a cushion. So far, I am pleased. The washable cover is nice and is soft. Delivery was timely as well.
Thin like a micro towel, okay, but I like the Terry cloth better
The clock digits are nice & big so they're easy to read. Because they're so big, the dates and temperatures are much smaller. Depending on the lighting, the clock, as a whole, is difficult to read. I'd prefer to have a lighter background so the digits are more legible.
Was a great gift my friend loved it but one necklace the stone broke in half the other the stone cane out but other then that it was good
Very cute design but fabric was rougher than expected, especially for a kid's use. Have washed a few times but still no softening. Hoping that will change.
These are really big and ugly in person but they do work. I'm sorry I got them but it's too late to return them.
My daughters were so excited to begin their countdown, I purchased this one and another style for my 7 year old and 3 year old. Unfortunately after recieving and opening the first 1, the chocolate had made their way to the bottom of the package and were no longer in their slots, defeating the purpose of opening each day, and hanging to reach down to the bottom to retrieve a chocolate. However the design was so cute and colorful. Maybe update the design with deeper chocolate pockets so they dont fall out at the warehouse or during transit.
I just washed my tablecloth for the first time and I used the recommended ultra clean crayola brand. I'm sad to say it didn't all completely wash out. My kids love the product but wish it had completed washed out like it said.
Made well but missing magnets in the bottom. Would hold up very well.
Seams started splitting after about 2 weeks.
Have ordered these four times because one square is the size I need. they work fine but break after a few uses.
I like that this product is perfect for traveling purposes, but it's not the best to remove wrinkles very quickly. Also, sometimes it spills some Of the water inside, regardless of how you hold it. Good, but not great
I like that it doesnt stain But its not waterproof
You advertise hepa bags in both your wording and your pictures. But you shipped and I received just micron bags not the Hepa one's pictured or worded in your listing.
So the 4 or IV is wrong. Displayed as IIII - I cant believe I didnt notice. I knew something was off. It didnt look quite right and then I realized the typo. It's actually on the image. Otherwise it's a nice cheap clock. There is no tick.
I expected better Not great around walls. Constantly shuts off doesn't seem to be able to navigate around objects real well (inset doors)
Using essential oils on these wool balls doesn't really give the clothes much scent. Also, even using 3 balls in one load there was still static. Still like the fact that they're more natural than most dryer sheets though.
Each section will hold a pair of flip flops comfortably, but most other shoes will need one whole section per shoe. The product images are misleading; there is definitely not that much space.
Received totally different color.
Good looking but the steam power is weak. I assumed I could use for bathroom too but seems it's more suitable for jewelery cleaning and maybe kitchen.
Works as a humidifier great as a atomizer not so much... if you expect this to smell good like them little defusers your gonna b disappointed
I wish it had 3 more slots. The Happy Planner has 12 slots so I need to shift the paper down for this to work.
Ordered 2 of these got water in the first one just fine went to fill the second one and the when I went to open the little stopper it either ripped open or wasn't fully attached to begin with 😑
not sturdy at all..like the layout just wish is wasnt so wobbly..
This would be a really nice duvet cover, nice quality fabric easy buttons. But it showed up stained with green dye and bleach marks. I will be asking for a refund.
I like the durability, easy to clean only problem is getting it to lay flat on one end from being rolled Up. Any suggestions would be great 👍🏼
Substantial and seemed well made, but had a peculiar smell to it. I'm pretty sensitive to odor, and since my head would be lying against it, that just didn't work for me so I had to return it.
Dented at the bottom when it arrived. Otherwise it looks alright
If you're purchasing this duvet cover for your king duvet comforter, please note that it's for king AND california king. So, my king duvet comforter did not fit inside the duvet cover properly and left a lot of empty room that is super annoying / looks bad.
I really like the look of these, and they are no so heavy to where when they get wet they will take forever to dry. First thing I did notice is they slip really bad on my tile floors. I am going to have to get some sort of non slip to put under. The color is spot on. - Update- Once these rugs warmed up and the rubber material on the backside was no longer cold from being outside, they stick to the floor perfectly and no longer slip.
The material isn't as good of quality as I was hoping for but the color is pretty.
As advertised light fabric.
giving it a 3 simply because, like another reviewer mentioned, the LG dryer has a grate at the bottom and this didn't do well at catching that build-up. i'm sure it works great with other brands (or types if this particular LG is the only one that has a grate) but for me, no go. i got angry at it and ended up trying to use a long straw cleaner...don't try that unless you strap it to your hand - it's now hanging out at the bottom of the grate cuz i dropped it and all i really wanna do is dry my sheet so i can go to bed. such is life.
I ordered the tan velvety and received the black. I have to give as a gift on dec 20. Disappointed
bought it as a present
Love the artwork, but looks cheap. Put it in a room with low lighting so you can't see how cheap it looks.
Ordered beige and came in brown!!! Didn't expect these are so big!
The instructions are not in English.
Decided not to use the hanger because it would wear off the paint at the top of the door due to indentations in the metal that increase the effective thickness while giving the hanger strength. It would be helpful to advertise the effective thickness because exterior doors have tight clearances.
Had to cut to size and it's see through, not the same quality that the machines came with at all.
I didn't receive the blue or mint colors (which were the main colors I wanted). Got cream, taupe & peach.
When I pull the yarn through, it gets stuck on the light. The light should be moved back on the hook about a half inch. Nice concept; just didn't work for me.
These sheets are described as being made from Egyptian cotton with a 500 thread count. I was hoping for luxurious nice soft sheets. These sheets are OK, I guess, but neither luxurious, nor nice and soft. The price should have been a tip-off. They also took quite a while to arrive, not the 2 day shipping I expected with my Prime membership.
They're nice and silky but they definitely don't look like the picture or the same color even. They wear and tear very easily.
As an overall product, this is nice. It is soft, has a nice color (we got the tan colored one), and serves its purpose as a cover to the duvet. However, the main annoyance is that it doesn't have ties to attach to the duvet and keep it in place. I don't know how durable this will be because the fabric is similar to sewing two sheets together; it's pretty thin. But for now, I like it and will keep it.
It not worth your energy. Not happy. Unqualified.
I agree with most of the reviewers here. Positives: the eyes look great, the case for them is nice. Negatives: the separate baggies for the backings, backings feel kind of cheap. I haven't tested them against the rigors of children playing, but I may not even try without gluing them given the problems other people have had. I'm giving three stars because these will work just fine for what I want them for (mostly cutesy gifts for grown-ups).
The one and 9 lost its helium the same day it was inflated
The rod seems sturdy and high-quality but for whatever reason it falls down so easily! Whenever I pull slightly at the curtain, it just slips to one side.
Attractive and comfortable but we give this a low rating because the zipper came apart within a month of use. We like the rest of it, but thumbs down on the zipper.
Very nice looking clock but it is NOT silent!!! There is a quiet and noticeable sound to the second hand going around the clock. Our sound machine blocks out the noise so it works for me but if you were going to silent this is not the clock for you.
As others have noted, this is an oxidized, brown powder. It can be polished to shine if doing inlay by sanding up tp 600 grit. HOWEVER, the common technique of inlay - filling the void with powder then dripping CA glue (thin super glue, 2-3 cP) over top of the powder does NOT work with this material. The CA beads up and rolls off to the side. I tried to use Super Thin which is intended for this purpose. Guess I'm on to epoxy instead.
Just regular markers I guess
Distance between two layers is too short. Most of the shampoo and shower jew won't fit. But it's stable and looks great.
Decent curtains but not blackout by any means.
Not a lot of ink on pads
If they work they're great but if not, your stuff just keeps falling everywhere.
very thin construction, not sure they will hold up
This is a bad designed heater. It's too heavy so be mindful that it can fall over easily. It can with a screw that supposed to connect the post and heat together but it didn't fit. So I got a heater that's not secure.
It looks pretty, but came broken. I'm returning it and I don't know if I'm ordering one more.
I purchased this set of sheets for my father to use as they were fleece. When I received them, I opened the package and washed them. After drying I folded them and found a thread run on the pillow case. Who would have thought. I have never seen this and I have purchased a lot of sheet sets over the years. Anyway, I tried contacting the seller and heard nothing. I went to return them through Amazon and when I got to where you print the return label, in fine print it says they seller will not take the product back if it has been washed. Amazon contacted me once by email asking about my return and I emailed back that I had not heard from the seller. So now I have not heard from the seller nor Amazon. I don't want my money back but it would be nice if I could get a pillow case. So from now on I guess I have to inspect the sheets before I wash them!
Nice, but the quality is okay but the price was the bested.
handles break very easy
I suppose this is true of all brushes used for blending--needs too much ink. It does eliminate the stark outline of the blender, though. I thought of buying the more expensive sets, but I'm glad I didn't. This set gave me an idea of what the blending brushes are like at a lower price. I think I'm going to try some of my old make-up brushes.. .
Bought a set for mom. Comfortable at a good price. However if you have kitties of the longhair variety that enjoys sleeping with you, these sheets are a magnet for their furs.
I picked this up specifically for the usb-c connectivity to use with a new MacBook Pro. Unfortunately, plugged in the usb-c cord, hooked up a few simple things and got a whole bunch of nothing. Thankfully, it also came with a usb-a cord so I swapped out and that seems to be working out for now, but it's now clogging up a usb-a output on the hyperdrive.. 3 stars because it's functional with the usb-a cord, but definitely not working as advertised.
I loved this coverlet on my bed. I laundered it per manufacturer's recommendation and the navy stripes bled into the white leaving the navy stripes faded and the white tinted a dingy blue color. As disappointing as this was, I was very pleased with the customer service from Great Bay Home. They immediately responded to my email and offered a replacement or refund through Amazon. I opted for the refund, which came immediately after I posted the return. It's a lovely coverlet - if only it hadn't changed colors on me.
Scratchy with a weird smell even after multiple washes.
A couple of them (Patina and Ruby) seem to be defective. They are runny and not color saturated / thick like the others in the set. The rest of them are utterly fantastic, used them on etched glass.
OK shelf. Came missing a few pieces, but I was able to make it work finding extra pieces from past things. Very basic.
got these to try and make sewing a lot of patches onto a jacket easier. i have no idea how folks use these little fellas! they waggle around all over the place and, if anything, made the project substantially more difficult and time-consuming. however, i can see these being useful in making plushies in the future, so overall not a huge loss. it takes practice if you're only used to hand sewing with a regular needle, so keep that in mind!
Pegs not uniform in size making it a pain to assemble. Just ok.
They are little oversize cover's. Beside that excellent quality.
The lavender in this pack smells great but the rest of the flowers don't have much of a smell. I know that the company does not add scent which is good but I think it is good to know not to expect them to be very fragrant.
If it's waterproof, I should be able to pour a cup of water on it without it almost immediately going through.
It's just okay. Flimsy, but what did you expect at this price point? Doesn't hold up things well but only the lightest items. Easy to install and use, and I do use it from time to time, but it's a simple device. Just be aware of it.
Pretty cheaply made. I'll use it just because it's to much of a hassle to return.
they are too small for the holes in my ear lobes. I can't use them.
needed 300 for a project and fell about twenty short. They were good looking leaves though! smaller than an average leave but nice looking
Cracks developed quickly on some of them - not good to keep things fresh
Nice. Just very very small item.
They were too small & I didn't realize they had no rubber slip proof material on the bottom.
I've used lots of transfers, but this time it was a real challenge. I really believe that the hot summer delivery had something to do with it. Parts of transfer looked melted and wouldn't come off.
The item comes in a lovely box and I like the smells of the oils but was disappointed to find out one of my bottles leaked out a lot so much so I knew before I opened the shipping envelope as I smelled it! And also several caps were loose or not screwed on all the way.
Used for staging a shore house for sale. I washed them before using, and they pilled a lot and left a lot of lint on the dryer filter. I had to brush them and use a sticky lint roller. They aren't very thick, but are nice looking for staging a gray and white bathroom.
Product is ok, but not great. No way to hang it and said there were 30 pieces. Apparently I was missing some as I don't have enough ornaments to cover all the velcro that is sewn on. There are 2 that don't have anything for them.
Had issues with it heating up properly and staying on fabric.
I haven't taken them out of the bags because "Dry Clean" only is typed on the package! The item is described on Amazon as WASHABLE! This really is false advertising! Manufacturer, which is it?
I purchased this diffuser for my classroom to provide aromatherapy to students. After about six months of daily use, it had become so dirty and sticky that I threw it away. I tried cleaning it without lasting results. I will note, that despite having aesthetic issues, the diffuser was still functional and working at the time of disposal. If I were looking for a higher quality and/or aesthetically pleasing diffuser, I would purchase a different product.
The size is great, but it's not very sturdy. Other than that I like it .
I ordered the California King & it didn't cover either side of the bed yet drug on the floor on the end of the bed. VERY, VERY disappointing.
Comforter was smaller that I thought. It barely covers the sides of the bed.
These dyes are not made for soy blend wax. I tried different colors and could not get the results one gets using dye chips. The candle comes out with dye spots /light areas on it. I blended the dye properly and poured at the suggested temperature. I kept trying over and over. I then bought paraffin wax and the blend is much better. Little help from Maple street though. Not meant for soy blend wax.
It's pretty wide so for a small person like me. I don't find it fit under my neck's curve. But if you are looking for stretching the back if your neck in a tuck-the-chin motion, then it works well.
printed black and white on foam peice. its not very high quality but it is light weight so i just taped it to my front door glass.
the flat bars only work on late model cars but the other tools work well. The bag for the pump wedge was missing. the whole kit comes in a very cheep plastic bag that ripped during shipping.
They are indeed comfortable, but they're leaking feathers. Not just through the seems, they're coming through the flat sides of the pillow too. The two I have from the Company Store don't have this problem.
Will only fit the most basic circular coins. If you have anything more unique it's not gonna happen. Like these two it just wasn't gonna go. Had to keep them in their sleeves to make it sort of work
This filter is not very good, it doesn't feel the water, it doesn't work, I have no use it.
How do you iron them on, received product but no instructions
Colors fade real quick if you have it outside in the elements. Less than 4 months outdoor and color quality looks like i had it for years
I love this product! However, I give it 3 stars because I ordered the white transfer paper but when opened it is the graphite paper. Unfortunately I did not open the box until I was ready to use which was past return date.
This is a gift, hope the recipient likes them.
Not quality expected
They do work... mostly. They have held my sheets down from coming off the corners in the night for a few weeks, but it seems like the elasticity has worn off a bit, and it seems that the clamp isn't clamping as well anymore. Especially on one of them. Fortunately, there are 8 included in this pack so I will have to swap it out and see if there is any improvement. Ok otherwise. Update: I'm actually not even using these anymore. They're just more of a hassle to put on than it is to pull the sheet down every night before bed.
The pieces were seperating from one another the day it arrived.
Only have the candle a few days and bottom trim is falling off.
This is a very nice trash can....... if you can get the lid on. I had to go on YouTube and watch a tutorial on how to do it. That's ridiculous. Do yourself a favor, read the negative reviews about the lid before you purchase. Just know what you're getting yourself into.
Product was suppose to be grey but was white. Length of them was 5" short. All in all, for the price I got what I paid for.
Made from a cheaper snap plastic, similar to a hanger, but does the job. Not as sturdy as I would've liked or hoped.
The look and quality of the bins are fine. Frustrating though that the sides are slanting, not straight. Therefore, the sizes given are the top of the bin dimensions, not the bottom of the bin dimensions. We were planning to use to store DVD's. Fit is the top, but don't fit in the bottom.
Very cheap material and poor design.
Was very good the first 6 months of use due to the mist expelled off center, once the mist began shooting straight up, it would fall back on to the Unit itself and leave a pool of water and miscalculated the relative humidity of the room since it would be very humid around the unit.
Hard to use. Tiny squares. But got the job done. Hint- turn off ac and any fans in area!
They do what they say - but very annoying./tough to open\ - no matter how many times you do it!
It does bubble. But the candles sit crooked. The plastic foliage doesn't attach and isn't long enough to wrap all the way around. Only supposed to run it for 4 hours.
These will come unwrapped from the ring very easy.
Not as soft as we expected. We have other sheets from Costco that have a lower thread count but are much softer and smoother.
This synthetic stuffing seems softer than the others as it's more slippery - so it feels softer when laying on it. Still evaluating it but so far it's not cooling off during the night and is getting warm.
Don't like crushed tubes.
A couple of the frames had black scratch marks on them. Otherwise, got what I expected.
I ordered these in white and black. The black box had a black sticker but the contents were white.
It's an okay handheld vacuum. The price was good and I needed something to clean my car. Suction isn't the best but it does the job.
Pretty and a good size but take more effort to use than most scissors. Would not buy again.
I didn't particularly like the sparkle pins. The look too plastic for my taste and it didn't blend well with the flowers. I gave it 3 stars because it wasn't bad but not what I wanted. I need it to bling and pop more out of the flowers. Very dull shine.
The point is not really sharp at all. I had high hopes of using this for weeding vinyl, but this is just okay. It certainly won't work for fine weeding, but it's okay for big designs.
These are cute, but unfortunately the fabric snags very easily! The tie back that comes with the panel snagged mine despite my best efforts to put it on carefully ;(
Was not completely satisfied with product. Too much prep to move obstacles and instructions were incomplete.
it scratches off. i've had the necklace for two days hanging on a Wall. i look at it. a huge scratch on it in the picture... the picture itself is printed not engraved. other wise. good quality picture.
Functional, but not very sturdy.
A nice collection of crimp sizes and colors
These were great however one of the bottles didn't work. Don't want to return the whole lot because I already used them but then the last one's pump didn't work.
This little vacuum is a good value. The main attachment is good for cleaning up pet hair or crumbs--there's suction on the top and bottom so it's great to stick in corners or behind couch cushions, etc. I keep it in my car to vacuum the seats and other nooks and crannies. But it's not the best on flat/hard surfaces. It's also not the best at getting dust if you don't attach the hose. The exhaust on the sides it really intense and might blow the dust away before you have a chance to vacuum it up. Also, if you don't empty the canister after every use or keep it upright, the dirt/hair/dust can just fall right out again. Finally, it's very loud. But for the price, it gets the job done and I'm pretty happy with it.
Did NOT expect it to be ther size of a barbie clock. I couldn't stop laughing when I opened the box.
Very nice But too large
I'm not too happy about the illumination I'm getting out of this bulb. Bulb has kind of a shadow or streak on it. It does fit though
Mine is loud, the cooling is not all that great, and it's Bulky for my small apartment. The plastic install kit is also very cheap. All in all, seems pretty normal for these overpriced monstrosities. Better than nothing.
I like it's lightweight. The head of it swivels too much too easily. Not a great suction. It's ok for price.
Absolutely stunning piece. Hate that it came with a broken foot!
This is pretty rinky dink - made very cheaply and doesn't hold together like expected. Wouldn't recommend or buy again.
High quality but I didn't expect I'd need two sets of six to make it around my tree!
Made from steel, so this is strong. I only wished that it wouldn't be to easy to misplace the toothbrushes so they won't go into the wrong holder.
These were bigger than I thought they would be. The head is like the size of a dime and they took a long time to receive. But they are cute.
I really like the IDEA of this item. We have 2 people w ALS and Arthritis using them, and they help w gripping & turning the tops, but on the 16 oz water bottles, they are making them so cheap and "shallow" caps, that this is unable to grip well for that. A coke bottle w a higher cap top works fine. its just the lower profile water bottles they dont work as efficiently. I dont know how durable it it, we just got them. But they are not made of a sturdy plastic like the other gripper items we purchases. But hopefully will work to keep in car, pocket when in need of opening a bottle to drink! MAYBE the company will have to look into re-designing to meet the new low profile caps?
I would've been 90% pleased with this purchase had my order not been damaged when I got it. It's exactly what I needed other than that. It was somewhat easy to put together and the quality is pretty good.
At first I loved this clock because it was so quiet. About two weeks after I owned it, it started making a 'ticking' sound and sounded like a old time wind up clock. Because it is noisy, is why I am giving it a 3 star rating.
I ordered just the valance for my bathroom window. Material is wonderfully soft, but the stitching on the valance I received was more like basting stitches (very long large stitches) and not stitched in a straight line so that when I hung them there is about a 1 1/2 inch difference from one side to the other. I am keeping them because the color is perfect for the bathroom, which has grays and browns and I like the material. Next time I have the sewing machine out I will fix the stitching and level them out. Just disappointed in quality of sewing.
Too firm after you put a pillowcase on.
The candles were cracked. The outer color was coming off the candle. The wax also cracks when you place them in a candle holder
Sheets are comfortable enough, but they smelled very badly of plastic when taking them out of the package. Even after a wash, the smell of plastic lingered for a bit. Airing them out afterwards did the trick.
The steamer works great. Actually much better than I thought it would. I tested it out on my most wrinkly pair of pants and I was blown away. I am having an issue with the soft touch button on the back bottom surface. Mine doesn't seem to work therefore had a really hard time turning it on and off. I actually couldn't turn it off appropriately I had to unplug it and it caused a spark. Overall performs well but still has some bugs to work out pertaining to the soft touch button.
The print quality isn't as bright as the picture, it looks faded. It's also not sparkling, but still pretty.
Used less than 5 times before the hand piece got really hot and started to melt. Tried to return it but the return window closed a week ago. The user manual says there is a warranty but has no information on how to contact them for that warranty. Edit: the company contacted me and has sent out a new machine. they actually were quite helpful...I will edit my review based on the performance of this new machine.
Although it is advertised as "non-stick," the liner does not stay in place in today's new wood cabinets. I even tried using small glue dots to hold in place with no success.
The light is super cute. However in the description and on the box it states batteries are included but there were none when my daughter opened it for Christmas. Haven't had a chance to go out and buy any to actually try the light out. That was disappointing.
The product looks okay, haven't used them yet, but was surprised that delivery would not be made to Canada, very inconvenient.
Six it good for an average tree. Soft. Hard to keep fluffy and cute
They look nice but the top comes off very easy so that's not good for traveling. I am using in my shower here at home and in our motor home but wouldn't trust it in a suitcase unless it was sealed in a bag.
The topper on some of the ornaments were broken. Discovered it after already starting to decorate tree
I thought it was an actual ornament, just a statue, not suitable for a young child.
Smells like plastic & chemicals.
It's already together when you get it..just be careful don't let it fall over mine broke at one hinge ..i thought it was a little bigger cuz I have a lot of jewelry beings I sell jewelry also it is a little harder with long earrings
The toilet seat cover was a little awkward and the flor mat for the toilet is a bit small and doesn't sit around the base well. Over all they feel nice and look nice.
Wrong color was sent. I ordered nickel but received black, I did not process a return because I really needed it for a guest. The rod itself fit the length of the room I needed but is a made of flimsy thin metal. I tightened it as much as I could and it is still wobbly in the center I do feel like a accident tug may bring my curtain down.
Item is solid. However, the fan is louder than expected.
Didn't know they were so tiny!
These sheets aren't very soft, even after washing a few times.
These sheets are kind of weird. They don't stay put and they are a little scratchy. We have a mattress topper and a mattress cover and these slip right off and I can't keep them in place. The elastic is too loose.
I do wish the light was a bit brighter but overall I'm fine with this for my use, which was just as a Halloween decoration.
Not as fluffy as picture shows but still worth it
I guess its okay paint but didnt stick to my porcelain cup that I was trying to decorate for fathers day so I dunno. Not very happy but could of been user error
Too large for my king-size pillows. Material too thin to hold a nice look. Wish I had just purchased material and made.
These are the same as some others I got. But i was assuming with the price they would be a lot larger or something? I can get 30 same sized ones on here same quality so do your research
I've had latex pillows in the past but never a shaped one. These are harder than expected and they are so low I have to stack them and sometimes add a poly pillow, too. You can only use one side of the pillow because of the zipper on the other side and only in one direction bc the hump is higher on the bottom than the top. Like all latex pillows, it does stay cool which is a plus in Phoenix for a menopausal woman! Washed well, too. Took awhile to get used to them. As usual with latex, there has not been a change in the condition of the pillows over a year of using them.
Color was not the gold I was looking for. Too dark.
Looks great but not sturdy
I absolutely love this, and the way it adjusts is super nifty... but it's silky, not exactly the material i would expect for an apron. Still love it though!
The tree is beautiful. It was easy to assemble. A very important thing I was disappointed with is that the branches on the first row of the tree sit up to high and do not look natural in how they hang. Another thing is the branches that stem off from the main section are to soft and and ornaments do not hang well on them. One other thing I did not expect was all the shedding of the flocking from the tree. For the price that I paid for this tree I expected better quality. My tree that I retired is 9 years old and was just beginning to show wear. I not sure this tree will hold up that long.
One of the legs just broke. Upon getting it it was a little hard to put together as there were no instructions. I would've preferred to jyst not have bought this one. Still does mannequin things, jyst can't move it a certain way out it'll fall over
Blade cuts well but the plastic piece at the top keeps popping off, even after I snap it back into place well. I'm told this is NOT supposed to happen but it's done it since day one. Wondering why it's so much cheaper here than from Cricut. Perhaps a knockoff?
I've been using these sheets for a month. The sheets fill really nice. It came and had some kind of oil stains on it. I've washed it but it still there. The mattress sheet is too big. Every morning to have to pull and straighten it out. I was hoping they were more fitted. Material feels really nice though.
These are pretty bright yellow. They could be Much more real looking but I've seen worse.
Very disappointed with how the product was sent. Bead were put directly into a plastic shipping bag which ripped in transit and was taped back together. The product really should be sent inside of a plastic bag inside of a box. Not directly in the bag. I thought they would be a more cost effective option for making a weighted blanket but when stitching them into the blanket the needle hit one of the beads and broke my sewing machine. I would have been better off buying a blanket since now I have to buy a new sewing machine.
I really hated cleaning this thing! My first one grew black mould (i was terrified of the thought of my baby breathing this in!) after 3 days of use (Amazon had me return it and sent me a new one). The new one i just hated cleaning it, took so much of my time! Soaking it for hours and then scrubbing all the little parts (ugh i hated cleaning this so much!!) There is still pink mould on the inside bc it's hard to clean the inside part of the tank. I would soak it each weak in loads of vinegar + water but it never got the other half I couldn't reach with a toothbrush, clean. I finally gave up after 2 months and bought a mister (used for essential oils but i just put water) and I couldn't be more relieved and happier! It's just a bowl i lift the top part wipe it with a vinegar paper towel and it's good to go. Being a mom takes up so much time already! Cleaning a humidifier shouldn't add to taking up time.
Low quality and bed small but because it's Tony Montana I gave it 3 stars
When I used this stuff, it was hard to get on my face and once it set, it dried and cracked. The brushes don't help spread the paint and the yellow stained my skin when I tried to take it all off. :( other than that it did its job decently.
Need a cheap plastic magnet clip? Look no further. One broke within the first 3 uses others seem to be holding up without issue
Worked and fit for what I needed. My windows were 68" wide and one set covered them well.
It looks real, but on wearing it for about 3 times it changed color.
I just received my six piece set of bowls and the large purple lid is missing a lock I would like it replaced please
It says 24 jars but I only got 20 and 19 corks. But overall they're perfect for my projects.
I order gold and blue but received black and white. Very cool pattern but the colors appeared dull.
I ordered two of them at the same time. One was fine. The other one came dented.
Don't think it's worth the money. It's just an average doormat. I followed the instructions (wash before use) it gives off alot of fuzz. So I'm not sweeping up so much sand but I'm constantly sweeping up fuzz.
I like it because is fits pretty snug but I don't like that I have to take it off to charge every time it's a struggle
I've wanted to try a weighted blanket for a while and very happy I chose this one. The only problem is, I washed mine and it came apart. I have ordered a new one and will not wash this one. If you haven't tried a weighted blanket and need a little more help sleeping give this a try!!!
I bought this piece of jewelry for my sons college graduation. It was delivered in a plastic bag and after opening it I found that the Box it comes in had been crushed. I do not have time to reorder the item because the graduation is tomorrow. I have never had any problems with Amazon. It was a last minute gift idea.
This product is beautiful. Have had a wonderful time putting it together. The only upsetting part is that the letters/words are not legible. This was going to be a gift. Its going to take me a little longer to figure out how to adjust. Hopefully the makers can either enlarge the letters or find another way to add the verse so that it is not distorted.
I gave one star for each hook that actually stayed up through the first night. Two out of four. One of them couldn't last over 10 seconds before loosing suction. The other lasted about an hour. Two of them did great and I'll use them. Updated to one more star. They stuck a little better after some hard cleaning.
It's going on and off
First set arrived missing parts. Decided to try again and second shelf arrived with all parts but one of the hooks was broken. Still we like the shelf and it fits nicely in utility room. I wanted a non-solid shelf unit and use the bars to hand additional hooks for dog leashes
The picture on this is very misleading, you shouldn't use a picture of full set if it's not a full set. The design is nice but now I have to go buy more pieces
did not heat as well as I expected cost too much to return it so I was stuck with it, do not order anything from amazon if they are not the seller
I bought this fabric on a Lightning Deal. The fabric itself is lovely, but when I saw I was overcharged and did not receive the listed Lightning Deal amount I called Amazon, who told me they have no control over what third party sellers list their prices at. The main reason I bought this was for the sale price, so was upset when I didn't get it & the price had been raised. The whole process seemed extremely unfair, but it wasn't worth it for me to keep fighting over a few dollars, so I kept the fabric but will not be purchasing anything else from this seller.
Looks great. Had a little trouble with the edges of the vinyl adhering well.
THE COMFORT OF THESE PILLOWS APPEARED TO BE VERY GOOD QUALITY OF FILLER WAS EXCELLENT . WE HAD AN ISSUE ON THE PILLOW HAVING A STRONG ODOR THE COMPANY TOOK IMMEDIATE ACTION FOR A FULL REFUND. BASED ON THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE I AM SURE THIS WAS JUST AN ISSUE THAT CAN HAPPEN.
Nice but I wish I had returned them, really expensive for what they arw
Anchor that came with the hook cracked while being screwed into the ceiling. The hook itself seems to be up decent quality which is why I'm giving it 3 stars.
The item was exactly as pictured and I was not misled in any way but when i actually received the clock I believed it to be low quality. It works fine, it just seems very flimsy. For the price i paid I would not buy this item again.
I like the print and design but the clothe is not so great for me.
This was easy to assemble and once it is it looks nice but if you touch it/ use it you can tell its wobbly and cheap. Would not recommend for this price. Would be a fair value if $20 cheaper.
This mask is made well and fit my face well, but it left me with a ton of glitter EVERYWHERE. I used a clear craft sealant spray on it and that helped the problem a bit. The color was true and very pretty.
They are pretty small but they are cute. Sturdy wood.
Looks great, feels great, color is as pictures but I washed it for the first time and it ripped at the seam in 2 places. I washed it on delicate and dried it on extra low and this was the result. The threads are already coming out as well that makes the pattern. Wouldn't recommend, especially for the price.
I love silk pillowcases and this was a good price. But they're sized too large. The standard pillowcases are too roomy for standard pillows. I've used both soft-medium and medium-firm down alternative pillows from Target, brand new and lofty, and in both instances these pillowcases sag and look sloppy. If a silk pillowcase sags a lot, it can tend to wrinkle at night especially if you sleep on your side or stomach, and/or if you're a hot sleeper. So it kinda defeats the purpose of getting a silk pillowcase if you're going to end up with a crease across your cheek, although it's less of a problem if you sleep on your back; you'll just notice the wrinkles on the pillowcase in the morning and it's more disappointing rather than presenting a real functionality problem. Anyway, if you have super overstuffed pillows somehow, maybe these will work better for you. But I don't think it's good for my neck to be propped up that high so I have average-sized pillows and these pillowcases are too big and not returnable.
Actually, I haven't put it on yet because I have a disability and can't do it. My cleaning person will do it next weekend and I'll let you know. I would like to ask what is the best way to wash it? Thank you.
I bought this product back in October and the price was a little cheaper and it came with 2 pairs, but I re-ordered without re-reading the description and didn't realized you only get 1 pair now for a slightly higher price. Despite that, the slippers are very comfortable and it appears to somewhat clean while I trekked around the house. The bottom part of the slippers are washable, but not the top which is unfortunate. It is made out of cardboard so it warped when I accidentally threw the whole pair into the washer. Not too sure if I will re-buy after this time.
It's not too hard to put together, but the baskets are FLIMSY. I bumped one putting it up and it broke in two places. The black bumpers on them very top and bottom will leave black marks if you have to "push" them into place. I'm sure I didn't do it exactly right. Once again, I get what I pay for.
I love this actual organizer but the first one they sent me was cracked in half. The second one looked like the box had been torn to shreds. I haven't had any issues with it yet but be aware you might have to send it back a few times until you get a good one.
jars too exact for cotton swab. could use a little more head room
Would buy again cuz it's cute and convenient for small sewing projects
The head broke for our Dyson, so I ordered this instead of the $150 replacement. It works ok, but the suction opening is small and only in the middle of the head, so it doesn't suck anything on the sides.
I love this i have 3 big dogs that love to sleep on my couches the only bad about these is they slip off even when they are connected to the stretchy holder that goes behind the couch
The fabric is very nice. I like the feel. It's not scratchy. It's easy to tie to the comforter. I also really liked the directions that came with the cover itself for easiest way to get the cover on the comforter. I have a king sized so that was really helpful for me. When I went to zip the cover up I noticed A LOT of loose seems and loose threads along the seams of the cover. Especially around the zipper. Very very disappointed by this. I've decided to keep it as I like all other aspects of this cover. I got mine in white and it's true white. I just wish the quality was better. That really was a disappointment for me. I've reinforced the seam as best as I can by hand. I will just be sure to maybe but the next cover in person.
I ordered these curtains and they are so pretty. The problem is I orders 96" in length and they were not. I will try to order again. Hopefully they will both match and be 96" long.
Doesn't really make my laminate floors shine. Gives a dull finish.
Bought these for my daughters bed, and she loves how pretty they are! That being said, even after a wash with fabric softener, these sheets are stiff and thin. If all your looking for is to add some decoration to the room, these work, just buy a comfy comforter to go over them! If you have a child with any kind of skin sensitivity, though, I'd steer clear.
I love these sheets but they ripped down the middle in just over a year.
It's a cool ring but doesn't Actually look like the picture. It has cheap stones around the big on in the middle and DOES NOT shine and sparkle.
I'm not too happy with the quality plus in less than three weeks two of the ties fell off..😑
Did not stick as I had expected them to. Leaked around the design.
Sometime its great, sometime they break
I don't get the heat from my gas stove to get a good spin to force much air, But it does work and if you get a lot of heat on top of the stove it will push the air
Product is fine. The description is deceptive - only 1 pillow case when clearly stated comes with 2
All but one was broken at the bottom and Amazon wanted all of them returned .
I like the weight of this iron, but that's about all. It took forever to heat up and then didn't seem to hold the heat, only too late I learned that it needs distilled water (just like the old days, and no way am I going to buy distilled water to IRON with.). I'll sell it or give it away at my next garage sale.
This clothesline was HORRIBLE to install; manufacturer did not ensure that the line was threaded properly before shipping. If its not properly threaded, you can't push it open and lock it! We had to completely remove the line, set in the dryer and then re-thread from scratch, which took 2 of us to untangle the mess, and re-thread from scratch approx. 2 hours! Manufacturer needs to ensure that 1) it is threaded PROPERLY before shipping, or 2) don't thread it at all, just include the line for threading after installation. It was ridiculous, stressful, and unnecessary that it took so long and so much effort to be able to use it. With that said, I love the dryer, and hope that there are no further problems with it!
won't stay on the bed
Very nice but with the picture I through the rug came with it.after reading information I saw no mention of rug.I have to be mote careful and read not just take the picture for. Its worth 3 cause shower curtain amazing
The quality was very disappointing.
RAN VERY SMALL AND WAS NOT COLORED AS SHOWN, UGLY SENT IT BACK
They look nice but they are not even at the bottom.... just enough that you can tell over my floor & no real way to fix them..
Beautiful item but the glass cross was broken in 4 pieces when I opened the box due to no packing material. Needed ASAP for a gift.
Only complaint is the size. Wish they were a little smaller.
Note: if you have a lip on the bottom of your cabinet, this will not pass over. I had to build a riser for it in order to be able to use.
I was so excited to find a diffuser that includes the Himalayan sea salt, in my head this made sense. Sadly though while this product looks pretty it has been disappointing. The sea salt is simply for looks there is no way it is doing anything for the room - where as with my other salt lamps you can feel a difference. The diffuser is also EXTREMELY picky! In order get a good mist going I have to fill it almost a half inch LOWER than the max line making this small water well even smaller - causing a shorter diffuser time. While it does look pretty - this was NOT WORTH THE PRICE.
Okay, but material is too thin and can heat through material.
The front is too big and difficult to go in small areas.
Did not like the color of transfer once on the mirror. In the sample picture it looked darker and more definition. Kinda looks like a gray blob in the mirror. Very easy to transfer onto the desired surface.
String pops on my quite a few times. After alot of stretching, it wears thin....pretty quick I may add.
Holds everything I need it to but will not hold itself up because the folds keep wanting to go back the opposite way (back to how it was folded for packaging). Thick strong plastic but does not want to be the right shape.
Say curtain not curtains and would be more clear for those that are inexperienced at buying curtains and otherwise wonderful product quality
Rarely ever write a review because I'm lazy as hell. HOWEVER, I haven't used my product yet because only four of the seven containers close properly. One of those was actually very hard to open that I thought it wasn't going to and almost gave up. Guess it was real leak proof. Anyway, I also got mysterious possible manufacture markings on one of the container lids. Yo girl is little disappointed.
I like that you can throw these in the washer or dryer to clean them pretty easily. The colors are off though with the listing photo. The blanket has a lot more brown than it seems like in the photos.
Good softness feel and not heavy. But too hot for me.
Had this blanket for about a month now and the stiching has come out in two spots allowing beads to travel and not stay in a section. The beads not staying in one area wouldn't be so bad if it also wasnt leaking beads every day. I'll probabaly stop using it soon.
My bad for not reading the sizing but I really didn't know shower curtains weren't all the same size. As cute as it is, it isn't large enough for my standard-issue tub/shower combo. I still use it, it just looks a little silly :)
Very good great for the price
Does what it says but as others have said is super bright, although this can be mitigated with paper "filter." The quality of the wood varies from unit to unit. One of the wall warts went to very low power after about a month of solid on-time but was easily replaced with one from a Samsung phone. (Should you decide to do something similar make sure the voltage matches!)
The edges are not that sharp so you have to hammer more than normal Leather Tools. I've had to sharpen the edge in a few already and I've had them 3 weeks.
I love these and the idea of them. However these do not seem to hold up like I would hope.
This air conditioner will not fit properly in a window opening of 23 1/4" Wide by 16" High even though specs say it should.
The tassels are not attached and i preferred another rand that came with tassel attached AND in individual bags.
Tre fur is nice but be careful it's top heavy and the lights are not spread even and not enough lights
Its ok. Only fits on the "outside" of my hose, so I can only use it with extension. The original fit inside AND outside so it also fit the flex hose coming from vacuum.
Ugh washed before using. Bottom sheet had to be turned inside out. PILLS on the top. I can't believe it. Washed on cool, delicate wash. Feel smooth but not smooth enough. Pillow cases are short for queen, I think they'll tear if not treated like silk. Useable, not great at all.
I had to go online and watch a video and it is still confusing on how to actually get this tool to do your binding closing
I thought that it would be larger. The stiffness doesn't allow for a lot of comfort either.
Goes dim pretty quick. I'm going through batteries once a week
Does not come assembled. Had to string each word through yourself. Also came creased due to soft packaging.
Looks nice. Bright white
Yes the first few times you wash these sheets you will get fluff that comes off of them, but they are still very comfortable sheets to sleep in. My husband and I immediately noticed the difference these sheets made when it comes to night sweats. I would definitely invest in these if you are interested in bamboo sheets.
It is smaller the stated on description.About 3 inches shorter.I had to return it.
My husband was rough on cushions that tie to the dining room chairs, and I got tired of repairing the little ties. These are a great alternative because they stick to the wood chairs without ties. My complaint is they attract everything except men and money. If you have no pets, I highly recommend them.
This vacuum worked great for a few months but then the lid stopped closing and a pin fell out of the debris receptacle. The battery life is great. It is a bit loud, but no louder than the Rumba's I've had in the past. I wish it were better made.
sheet is a little too thin, different from what was shown
It does the job, but only just. The pictures do not sit in the frame very snuggly and it is very difficult to hang on a wall. I'll probably end up getting a better, more expensive, frame in the future, but this one will work for now.
I think it's comfortable enough and has enough padding, but you have to wear the opening facing backwards otherwise your chin (your head) falls forward. Also, the storage bag isn't built to last because the snap disconnected from the stitching and doesn't close to secure the pillow.
They were what I needed. Nothing to dislike.
returned these - ordered 4 white, they sent 3 white, 1 silver. I've used these before - they're easy to install and nice looking
Works but wish it had more weight to it
I thought that the seat was going to be comfortable, I find it to be hard.
This mattress pad is OK. Mediocre. Nothing special. I expected more for the price. :(
While I like the bags and think that they are of good quality my biggest qualm is that I was not given the option to choose my colors. I received one back that was dark blue, but the other two...a brilliant sky blue and a shiny metallic purple bag...were not to my liking. Could have been four or five stars if color selection was an option.
The material is a little stiff and I wish it held more plastic bags. The overall quality was good.
When attempting the hang this product, it broke
These sheets are so cute. My son loved them!! They aren't super soft but they're really not so bad. Only issue is they shrunk after washing. So they don't fit the mattress perfectly now. But they still work and son really enjoys them.
These shams are just “okay”. I'm a little disappointed in they way the look but they are soft.
The fitted sheet had a three inch tear on one of the seams when I got it. Other than that, it fits my bed nicely.
The cost was too high considering when I dry it , everything I wash with it , the lent sticks to it.
I have used this mat for cutting fabric and materials for quilts using a rotary cutter for approximately 6 months. The markings are accurate. The double sided feature is a plus. However, despite making sure to vary my cutting locations and using sharp blades, the mat shows significant cut marks that do not self heal. I had expected this mat to last through more than one quilt. I am less than impressed.
The paper quality is great, but my cover was damaged which meant every single page was also creased. Still works but sad that it was flawed!
The paper material is super thin, like printing paper material. (You know like book pages or school papers). IT IS SUPER BIG! I literally can't find a place for it. That may be my fault though. I might have skipped over the dimension part. The picture quality is great. The picture i added with this goes to show how huge it is compared to my tiny room. As you can see the poster is quite close to the width of my door, but obviously the length isn't as long as my door lol. However if you have a huge room and have space for it. And well of course LOVE supernatural, i'd recommend this.
I put these up in my room, and I didn't notice a difference until I walked past my brother's room. I did see a difference between the two, but it's still bright enough that it's difficult to sleep.
Not as good as it was described. Totally junk! Deleting it completely made me feel better.
If it did not cost so much postage I would send these back. Have other hangers I have had for years and they are much heavier and the arms are longer - these would get lost in the closets - also a number of the black stops at the end of the hangers are missing. Will donate to church rummage sale or something.
Came scratched and less than perfect looking. Worked well. Cheap looking.
The vacuum generally works well except on our shag rug. The cheap model that this unit replaced had no issues with the shag carpet. This also will not go under a bed with a bed skirt. The cheap version had no issues with that either. This does however seem to have near upright vacuum suction.
Its a 13 piece sticker. I stuck mine to the ceiling in my son's room and it lasted three days before falling down and sticking to itself so badly I couldnt reuse it.
Towels are a bit small. No really a bath towel for wrapping yourself in. Barely covers my head.
Too thin, too expensive
Worked great initially. Went through batteries quite quickly. Then just stopped working. Never used outdoors. Always inside. Disappointed overall
When I first ordered this product I was dissapointed. There isn't much clay to work with and the substance of it was quite strange. I felt like the quality wasn't really there. I expressed my dissapointment in the product and the company was very attentive in assuring my satisfaction. They sent me a whole new box with a larger variety of colors and I can say I'm satisfied with the company's effort in itself. Revising my review from 1 star to 3! 👍🏼
Once this unit is in place it is fine but my husband had to add boards for sturdiness and the assembly is a nightmare.
I really liked color and consistency. Only issue is on smooth surface it wants to peel off.
My lace that goes around about four of my placemats weren't sew on. Not so satisfied I had to buy new ones.
Heavy duty & soft but keeps slipping on leather recliner during each use and must constantly be repositioned.
I thought the extension and fuzz removers were awesome. However, the length of the broom is just super short and extends to size normal size. This would be best for a smaller place. Our house is quite large so the short length doesn't come into play often so the extension aspect isn't really a benefit. I like that the dustpan and broom lock together and the hair/fuzz remover on the dustpan, though.
This is a nice size shelf. I am using this for storage in my closet for sunglasses, etc. Mine arrived with a crack on the top shelf, but I decided to keep it since I was not using it for anything heavy.
It's ok. Some of the individual boxes are hard to open, some wont stay closed. I bought them to hold my diamonds for diamond painting. It works for that purpose but I don't see them lasting through more than a few projects. Was hoping for better quality that would last. I will not get these again when its time to replace them, I will be looking for something sturdier.
The outer bag had a hole but luckily it didn't affect the other bags. Packaging was not good. The bags are just what I was looking for. The material is adequate.
The color washes out and the zipper broke - Its okay for the price. Still using it.
They look nice but do not absorb. The price was good. I guess you get what you pay for.
I ordered this print to save money and purchase the frame myself. However, the print did not come flat. It came rolled in a cardboard tube. I did not see any information the print would be shipped rolled in a container. It is hard to lay flat and put in a frame. Shipping took 10 days. Hope this helps other buyers.
It's about what I expected for the price. It's not at all soft and it left a ton of lint in the dryer on first wash. It also pulled in a couple of spots. I bought it to protect my duvet from my dogs so it meets my needs but if I'd gotten it to use as a blanket for humans it would go straight back.
this was not sturdy enough to keep the keurig on
Great design, but mostly put together with hot glue. The clock face fell out when I tried to put the battery in, luckily it glued back in and has held up nicely.
Product must have been old. First battery only lasted about 4 months. Recently installed the 2nd one and will see how long it lasts. Will buy from a different supplier next time.
I purchased larger ones from Walmart for just under $19 and they were much thicker and more comfortable. This was about 60% of the Walmart thickness.
The picture is misleading. It looks almost olive, but it is definitely brown. This is a nice-looking comforter...until you wash it. Then it bunches up and pills.
The fit is a bit sloppy but the material feels ok.
Not crystal clear as is shown in the description! It is clouded as though it has a light, mist or uniform soap scum appearance.
Just like the star rating, it's ok. The red/burgundy material collects lint very easily. The cover also slides off all the time. I have a daybed in the kids TV room in our basement, so with them sitting on the top cover, it always looks disheveled.
They look fine and were very inexpensive, however the quality is only fair. The length is around 16-18 inches, so they are not very long. Also, they came with a tag on each marked 925, which I removed as they are silver PLATED not sterling. That is rather deceptive.
this is more of a vellum than a tracing paper texture. Unfortunately I could not use it for what I needed.
It works, but the little plastic screws broke. Never got a replacement for them. Got a lot of complements from customers though.
I ordered the Pattern 5 pillow- the Amazon picture depicts it as white background with flowers. My pillowcase arrived YELLOW. Not really what I was looking for. I tried hand washing it and its still yellow. Its soft but left my hair smelling bad.
I don't really like these covers. I should have returned them.
Nice pencils but didn't like the colors they are neither pastels or neons. And colors rather dull
Got it. Thank you. Great product
Not a worth product. Seems some problem with it. See attached image for actual display.
I was excited when I got them because they look so elegant and special until I took them out of the paper and looked at the label - made in China! I bought them because of the fact I was under the impression it was crystal from Ireland. This is an ultimate lie!
These only get three stars because they leak around the caps. I use these to pre-make and freeze green juice since I don't have time to make a fresh batch every morning. Though freezer friendly, I have ended up with unfortunate green splatters on my work clothing as a result of shaking the bottle to blend my juice.
The clock seems poorly made. The hands of the clock came bent and they hit each other so that it would not work. It is also made of laminate not real wood and it came blemished. Not sure if it we just got a defective one.
I wish I could give this 3 1/2 stars, but since I can't I rounded down. First off, this a really nice set. The colors are gorgeous, and the comforter is the perfect thickness. I have a full sized bed and ordered the full/queen size, and unlike others I did not have an issue with anything being way too large for my bed, although I have a very thick matress and matress topper. However, I'm knocking two stars off for the quality of the sheets. I wasn't excepting amazing quality, but the sheets that came with this set were not up to par for the price of the set. The set I got came with white sheets. They were very thin, and you could see the pattern of my matress topper and through them. I've bought Amazon Basics sheets before (and loved them! I still have several sets) and expected them to be the same, but they are not. They are a different material than the separately sold Amazon Basics sheets. At first these sheets were nice, soft, and somewhat silky. They held up perfectly after the first few washings (according to the wash instructions!), but after only 2 months of use they started pilling (I feel like it's really important to note that out of the 8 weeks they were on my bed, I probably only slept in them for a total of 6 weeks!) Also, if you have any imperfections on your feet (patches of dead skin) the sheets will catch on your skin, which is annoying. The bottom line is, the set is nice, but do yourself a favor and buy some different sheets. It might be fine is this set is for a guest bedroom, but not if the bed is being slept in at least semi regularly.
These are really pretty but smaller than I expected. Package next to a roku remote for perspective.
First one that came was completely smashed in. Returned and got a new one that looked pretty good. After two months of regular use there are now a few dings on the side, even though we are not rough on it. Not very happy with that.
Love the color, texture and size of these patches of Old Glory. Quality is fine. The backing though is not very rigid. Over time, while attached to a range bag, the backing becomes even more flexible and the patches' corners curl up rather than remaining flat. Got OCD? You won't like these patches. Give up the bright color of fabric and instead buy rubber or silicone. Otherwise, this is a good value for 6 solid quality pieces. God bless the People of our great country.
I had hoped to use my palette as soon as it arrived, but the lid is broken and apparently my only option is to return it for a refund. This is very disappointing because it seems nice otherwise. Porcelain objects should not be sent in a regular padded envelope with no other protection.
I received a text saying this product was delivered. I immediately checked but it was nowhere to be found. If and when it shows up, I will be able to fully evaluate this product.
I expected it to be a lot heavier but the value is in the actual painting. And....it is very large so it is really a good thing that it isn't heavy on the wall. It is a very pretty accent to my living room entry and gets a lot of attention from visitors. I was hesitant to spend that much money on something we that I was ordering on line, but we really like it!
Apparently the post couplings are not included
Very nice design and bell sound. However, had to re-assemble most of the bells as they had broken apart in the package. Only 2 still had the bell post screwed in( makes the sound)
Does hold a lot of bags, however it will only hold a few heavy ones, otherwise it feels like it may break.
I didn't pay much, but I got some usable bra bags. Bag sizes are nice and large. The zippers are a bit sticky and break easily, but I expected a few not to work at this price. Colours are nice.
literally 1/2 of my order was broken. they advertise a nice neutral color but only give you a choice of rainbow colors. However, the half order of rainbow colors which I received that were functional, work exactly as I needed them to.
I like it very much but some colors are you doing after the first wash .
While I think this tree topper is great it is not what you see in the pictures. Santa and his sleigh are quite small and do not rotate below the star but well above it. The start is clear and white with no silver/gold embellishment like seen in the photo. It is because of the misleading photos that I am only offering a 3-star review.
So it's supposed to be removable, but it peeled several layers off the drywall like a scab. I won't purchase peel and stick wall tiles ever again - they looks like plastic sticker tiles.
Doesn't work that great. I have to ladies in my home and they both have long curly hair. Caught some but not all. Still gets clogged
Photo makes it look much more vibrant and a lot redder than it actually is. Doesn't match my sets and slips around a lot. Sad I made this purchase.
Very strong suction. Easy and convenient charging. Only reason I gave it 3 stars is because the hose comes off the base too easily, which is annoying because the debris comes out and you have to vacuum that up again.
The glass that came with mine was slightly misshapen, so one side wouldn't fit into the metal groove all the way. As a temporary measure, I unscrewed the base from the rod that holds the glass (slightly), and assembled it like that. So now the base on one side has bout a millimeter space between it and the rod, so that the glass will fit. But it looks nice. I'll probably keep it as is rather than deal with replacing it.
Doesn't stay on bed like it should. Product ok.
Product seems ok and was fast for coming from Japan, but we thought we were ordering a set of 7 colors and only got black. The picture (showing a 7 color set) and the product description were very misleading.
Not very good. Very disappointed and would not recommend this product as looks unsightly. Terrible product.
The good news, the plastic piece that goes in the stand worked perfectly and seems like a really good reliable float valve. Our tree laster until January 8th and never dried up, with very few needles falling off when we moved it out of the the house. The bad news is the bag that you're supposed to use is absolutely atrocious. There's no way to hold this open and fill it. I ended up spilling more water on the floor trying to refill this every few days than I would have just using a pitcher straight in the stand. The hole to put water in is too small, and there's no useful way to hold the bag open while filling. Once you've got it filled you have to figure out how to out the cap on, without the water coming out the front. Camelbak has already solved this problem with their water bladders and I think next year I'll swap out the bag for a camelbak bladder.
It is very small. Looks big in the picture but when it got delivered it looks really small. Returning it.
They are okay for lighter items.
Very lightweight and white on the backside.
I brought the canvas without the frame and as soon as I got the canvas I regretted not getting it framed. The canvas is good quality and the paints. Even the brushes are good quality. However, I believe that there should be a thin long paint brush included. The brushes the include is not fine and thin enough for the small pieces you have to paint. There are really small narrow and tight spaces to color that I had to use a toothpick to help out. And that is the only reason I don't give it a higher rating.
Pretty wide for my pantry shelves
After four months, the zipper broke.
I'm returning it because the lock is very tricky. A couple of times I almost couldn't get it open, had to really struggle. Otherwise, it's got plenty of storage, nice handle, no complaints with anything but the sticky lock. I just can't take the chance that medications will be inside and I can't open it.
Please I need my package or my money
These were great for our christmas party. The kids had a lot of fun making their own snowflakes..downside...price. Drop the price and we will raise the stars.
They sturdy but not as thick as a long shower rod. Also, they do not extend to the length stated with the product.
There was a crease when it was rolled up and put in the box which was untouched when it arrived but it isn't too noticeable worth the price
Bad quality and cannot return after it's installed.
Product was much darker in color than I had expected. It is almost a metallic black. Plunger does not work well.
Delivery that was super fast but there was a screw loose inside
Mine came with a tiny dent in it, picture quality is medium tier.
There were some damage spots to the cabinet when I opened which were all in spots that could be seen so I wasn't to worried about it...the assembly would have been easier IF the directions were written better. They are terrible. The holes for the hinges for the doors were drilled in the wrong place and I could not get the doors on. It took me longer to get the doors on tan to put the rest of it together. It's a little wobbly once it's put together. The legs aren't wide enough to support it all that well. Each individual part should be labeled. Trying to figure out what part if what is difficult. Once I had it together I was pretty happy with the finished product and it's worth the money you pay but I'd rather pay a little extra for better quality and better directions
I bought this to use with sodas in our fridge. The sodas fall off the back end when dropping down, and sometimes turn diagonally in the dispenser, jamming everything up. I would not recommend this for use with sodas. It might be alright for soup cans, but that's not the purpose I had in mind. It is light and sturdy-looking, but it doesn't work well.
It's a pretty curtain but the light and medium gray leaves were actually greenish colors when we received this item. Our bathroom is gray and white and having a mossy-green color on the curtain looked weird. We would have kept this had the coloring of the leaves been light and medium gray. However, the curtain seemed to be of good quality.
Functional, but wood seems to be sticking to the bar of soap.
Arrived with a dead battery, but seems to work after I went out and purchased more batteries...
I got this device to get rid of cat hair and associated cat fallout. It doesn't seem to clean the air very well -- lots of dust. It is small, quite and cheap -- but the core function of cleaning the air-- I am not so sure.
Expected to be smaller
The picture for the item does not accurately reflect what the product is. I did not read the text carefully to know that it was not the pillow, just the pillow cover.
I bought these threaders because they appeared to be stronger and more easily held than the traditional metal ones - those qualities are true for these threaders; however, they are too large for the size needles I regularly use for sewing and embroidery. They work best with a large-eyed embroidery needle. My grandchildren love them for their sewing and embroidery projects.
I purchased several of these sets for gifting and one for myself, unfortunately 3 of the 4 sets we're dried out, one set was perfectly fine. With respect to the set which was fine, these are your basic alcohol markers known by many other brands and are actually Touch Soft alcohol markers and manufactured in China. These have a hard broad nib and a thin nib. There's a really nice variety of colors but some are close in color. The set does come with a blending marker. The caps indicate the color but unfortunately they are not close in color and I suggest you make a chart for referencing them. I also suggest writing the color number on the barrel itself because the names and do rub off after very little use. These markers do tend to last for a reasonable amount of time and are great for basic illustration, indoor temporary signs coloring and more. They are permanent markers. These markers are not Lightfast at all, a sign I created for a door began fading after a few weeks and had to be replaced after a 2 months or so as it faded so much so it was almost difficult to read. If using for signage I would suggest it be limited to indoor and outdoor of direct sunlight. These markers are good markers when work (I do have other sets of the Touch series and there wasn't any issues), but because so many we're dried out I was disappointed with them hence 3 stars. It is possible the ones I received were old stock, improperly stored or just a bad batch.
Been using it for a few weeks now and it's definitely glass and not quartz but it holds heat and tastes better than any other cheap bucket I've purchased. Good purchase for $12
Very thin, not what I was expecting. Barely does its job.
I have been using o-cedar mops for a long time. The quality of the product is excellent. I purchased the last one because i give my old one to a friend so she can try it. The quality of the bucket and mop its as always, very good and durable but the head mops that i got are different that the ones i had before. They are less quality, less density when they get wet i don't know if its because i buy the bucket with 3 extra refills but i would like and answer from the seller!? Thanks
I was not aware that these filters were not useful for a home that has shedding pets. They don't collect as well as ones that are designated. I will be more careful in my selection next time.
I thought the fold marks would go away after washing and drying, but unfortunately they still do not lay flat.
I really wanted to love these and hoped that I had found my solution. The concept is amazing, but they would not stay locked in my sheets. I would get them on and before long, if not right away, that would pop off. I tried everything but it seems like my sheets are too thick maybe.
I liked the this had a back piece to keep me from rolling over and sleeping on my back. I originally bought this thinking I didn't want the kind that was full length on both sides, because I didn't want to feel claustrophobic. However, after using this pillow, I realized that not having the full length on both sides meant not being able to switch sides in the middle of the night. The piece keeping the 2 sides together tore at the end of my pregnancy as well. Now I just use it as a regular body pillow, which it works great as!
I used this my entire pregnancy. It great. My only issue with that the pillow cases and pillow ripped easily. Stuffing was everywhere by the end of the pregnancy. Inexpensive but worth it for the money for me.
Not worth the money. Very disappointed. I am not happy leaving a negative review, but it is my honest review, I won't lie. Just So-So.
The suction on the shower wall is not that great.
The black tourmaline was broken and crushed in pieces. It was packaged in bubble wrap. So I don't understand how it arrived this way unless it was already broken. Selenite was also chipped. The other stones were ok.
I wished it was a deeper purple
One of the prints wasn't Christmas and the feel of the fabric is not soft.
I actually love these because they do stay cool. However, they are so deep that you can't keep the massive wrinkles out of the bed. They were supposed to be standard fit.
I searched Amazon for an Atomic clock and this was included in the results. For being a clock it does what it is supposed to do. As an atomic clock, not so much
Oddly enough, found fingerprints inside (back glass) and they remain there. Attractive clock, however, difficult to see time when room isn't bathed in sunshine or lights.
Just opened it, and I'm disappointed in how thin the fabric is. I was expecting a heftier waffle-weave fabric. The curtain had a few smudges on the back side. Also, I should have chosen an ivory colored curtain, not plain white (my error, not a quality issue.). I'm going to see if I can return it.
The way these are packaged causes a fold in the center of the filter. This creates a bump out when you attach it to the filter. There are no velcro strips to hold it down in the center area. That means that particulates can get past and not trapped in the filter. Perhaps rolling the filters when packaging would be better. Just a thought.
It's a fun painting, but the colors are sssooo bad. I know it's a paint by number so it's not going to look like the picture they show. The trees are brown, the lake is brown. Poor unicorns have a brown lake. I've double checked there numbers and I'm for sure using the color indicated.
I love the glass. I don't like the glitter. It makes the ornaments look cheap. I used nail polish remover on the stars to get the glitter and glue off. They look much better.
This product isn't horrible, but it isn't great. The plastic is really cheap looking and one of the bulbs is a slightly different color than the others. Other than that, it looks pretty much like the picture and it turns on.
I thought it would be larger for the money but I like it
Initially this was a 5 star review. After 11 months of daily use, this coverlet is starting to suffer. We do have a cat who sleeps on the bed, and the top material of this coverlet catches easily on her claws and pulls as shown in the photo. We have not had this issue with other bedding (with the same cat). On the positive side, I can say both the color and size has held true through repeated washings. The cat "claw catch" areas have not disturbed the reverse side of the coverlet, so I can probably squeak another year of use out of this by using the flip side until it too suffers the same fate. I just wish it was a little sturdier. ******************** Color is as advertised, great for the price.
For some reason my shams were two different sizes, like one was normal pillow sized and one was square. This is a bit annoying because it means I have to get different pillow cases. Everything is fine other than that, but the weird sizing inconsistency between the two of them is unreasonable. Be sure to get different/extra pillow cases if you get this, unless it was just an issue with my full/queen set in which case that's just a bummer.
I tried this product on my vinyl garage door. As I applied it the paint started to come off of the door. It probably works better on metal surfaces.
It is a great value, but they are not labeled with the DMC numbers for coding. Had to wind up getting a DMV color chart and try and label them all
It is not water resistant. If you accidentally spill liquid on it and don't wipe it off immediately, then it absorbs in. But it is soft and comfortable. Just don't use it as a water/spill deterrent.
We bought several of these last year. The plastic speed switch broke on 2 of them. And last year we paid 65.00 for each fan, so the price wasn't bad. The cost jumped considerably a few weeks before we purchased again 2 weeks ago. But we needed more fans and reviews on all fans seem to be equally disappointing so I just reordered these again. Very much NOT worth the money, this is at most a 40.00 fan.
More of a personal-sized fan. Placed it on the windowsill by the kitchen sink. Does not move a lot of air, but it does provide a slight breeze.
I was disappointed in the quality of this product. I expected something different from the name with which I am familiar as I have several of their other products. The gauge does do the job however it is very thin and is not something you can keep in a knitting bag or take with you. In retrospect, I'm not sure what I expected, but I was disappointed with this product.
Pretty good. You can't put shelves right next to each other which is annoying. But easy to put together.
The material was not stitched well, or matierial is just very thin, because it ripped when i put it on. The material does not keep.a stiff shape like pictured.
Sleeves are much shorter than pictured. I'm 5'7" and sleeve just touches wrist. Does not bunch up like picture shows.
meets our needs but cheaply made
Very disappointed. I order this product because it said TWO PACK Valentines Table runner and I only got the red one which it is the one I wasn't planning to use 😩😩
This is a great egg holder. It holds s lot. But, it is not dishwasher safe! It will melt and shrink in the dishwasher. So disappointed.
Cute, but it came deformed around outer edge & much thinner than other silicon pans we have. Also, it is purple not the pictured pink.
Different spaces to put things
The fabric is beautiful and soft. Overall I liked them. However, the zipper seem does not go the full length of the bottom of the pillow case. So this it made it quite difficult to get my pillows in thus actually ripping one of them. Other than that they are great.
Just received this and it has two Titanium white paints and no Cadmium yellow. Not intentional but frustrating. I assume I'll have to replace this one on order to hopefully have all 8 colors? Boo.
Got the package today missing item I was so surprise very disappointed
Doesn't last even in small spaces.
Disappointed that out of an order of six, I only got red and blue.
Started fraying after a few washes. They might be cotton but found them way too hot for anything but winter due to the way they cling to your body. Not percale-style so I do not advise for warm climates.
The stainless steel is very lightweight. The lids are very flimsy. If you are thinking to buy these boxes for long term use then i wont recommend it. But its a decent alternative to plastic storage boxes.
Good wreath though artificial flowers seem a bit too much. Wish it had more organic look to it.
It is exactly what I wanted. The perfect height and very good looking.
These towels are not as absorbent as I had hoped. I received a microfiber waffle dish towel as a gift and it is fabulous. These are not nearly the same.
I thought I was getting a deal, make sure you size it right. I needed 3 of what I ordered it was not worth that much. The quality however is good
Fit my couch, but the styrofoam noodles used to keep the fabric tucked are worthless. They just keep popping out as soon as you sit down.
I've had a few different fans at my desk at work over the last few years and it was time to replace my current one, so I picked this up based on the reviews and price. I was very surprised at how small and light it is, but that's a good thing. The USB cable is plenty long enough to use at my desk and even though it's a small fan it's quite powerful and feels great. The only downside is the buzz that comes from it. It's a LOT louder than I expected and is clearly noticeable over everyone else's desk fans here at work, and that's at the lowest setting. Raising it to medium or high and it's super loud. Again, the fan works great and I've never an issue with the "fan" noise every other fan I've used has, but it's gonna take awhile to get used to the buzz this one has.
Item smaller than expected. Probably will not use for any project.
I expected more from this pen.
While the KOUSI company was exceptional to work with (having promptly corrected a partially mistaken order, unfortunately, it's a bit of a get-what-you-paid-for scenario. The cubes look nice and as described; however, it's challenging to get all the pieces to align properly and mesh with enough stability to trust the unit to hold much.
Not as soft as I thought, but good value
I waited longer for this one, I almost forgot I sent for it. But they came in good condition and the size and color is exactly as the picture.
The case and pink color is why I purchased this item. The tool works as it should but the snaps are thin, making it very easy to bend the points and causes the snap to fit together loose and crooked. Therefore a few get wasted. The case is cheaply made and very flimsy. Therefore I'm disappointed in this product.
It came very fast which I liked, but I was a little disappointed that the cover came with scratches and little dots that i cant remove.
Feels really nice underfoot and feels like your feet get very clean, but it catches hair and gets disgusting pretty fast (about 3 months).
This fan did not blow very strong at all, I suppose it's better than nothing but I wasn't impressed. It also was so top heavy the clip didn't hold it up well.
I got a full size sheet for my full size mattress that also has a mattress pad on top of it but the sheet was annoyingly too big. I had to tuck it in a lot which is alright I guess but annoying
Not the highest of quality materials. Also, the steal components came twisted and warped; I had to take a pair of channel locks and bend it back into shape so that I could assemble it properly and assemble it. But now it looks good and functions well, daughter loves it.
Does not foam liquid soap as well as store-bought dispensers, like Dial, or Bath and Body Works. Don't waste your time and money on these.
I have to say I was expecting more! Because it does not have sides they main focus is the light bulb. I may be sending it back since I paid more than I really wanted to.
Hard to work with. By time you remive kt from backing.it's twisted up. Seller needs to cut up in small pieces. Mine was a disappointment. Need bigger pictures.
I really, really liked these sheets but am returning them. Website info says it will fit a mattress up to 17". Mine is 16", so ...should be no problem. The fitted sheet barely gets to the bottom of the mattress and pops off repeatedly overnight. They might be okay if your mattress is not larger than maybe 14". Too bad, they are great otherwise.
Nice for short term but the paint on the brushes peels off almost as soon as you try to rinse off the brushes which just leaves the barren wood and it makes them uncomfortable to use. Nice case to them though
They are soft but much to thin.
I ordered this earlier In the week, one of the frames glass was broken. returning it was easy, dropped the return at a kohl's nearby. Received the replacement today and same thing, one frame came broken. I'm over returning it and I'm on a deadline so I'll keep it because it's just not worth returning again and I feel like one of six being broken may be a consistent problem.
My scale seems to be very sensitive and will weigh accurately across a broad range starting off with just a few ounces. However, the touch screen on/off switch is very finicky; often times you have to press/touch it several times to hit it just right to get it to turn on. Ditto with the tare function.
Disappointed in how light weight this is, would not hold my pantry door open. Would work better for door without a hinge.
Product looks good, material is not the best for the price
I've had this for a couple of months now I bought it to use in my bedroom, because my central ac is finicky and hardly ever works. The unit cools really well, but unfortunately it has this really annoying rattle, which makes it so I cant use it in my bedroom. That was it's only purpose. The rattle wasn't there for the first few weeks I used it, but it just randomly started. The window kit didn't fit my window either and the tubing was crushed and wouldn't fit in any of the connectors. I had to use a lot of duct tape. The app also does not work with Alexa. I would reccomend going with a different product. I was expecting something better for this price.
Bought this because we have 5 people that share a shower and run out of room on the shower caddy. I thought it would be great to have! Which it is, but it is shorter than expected and when there are things in the pockets, it gets shorter. It needs to be a little longer to make up for when you have things in the pockets. And i dont have much in them, the top pockets have one bottle each of shampoo or conditioner. The middle ones have conditioner or body soap, and the bottom one has a few bath toys is all.
The product looks great and holds my razor, but the mirror steams up in the shower. Have to use it before turning on the hot water.
The warmer works great and is not too heavy for the socket (an issue I've had with other plug-in warmers). I purchased replacement bulbs and had to grind the opening on the bottom to make them fit. I'm not sure the size bulb that ships with the plug-in and could not find any information on the page, but when I purchased the Scentsy brand and the 'wax warmer' bulbs from the big-box store, both were too large. If you have to do the same as I did, be careful you don't grind too much. If you do, the top will no longer lock in the base.
The low power man not be the fault of blocked hose. Can't really give good evaluation.
It's a cute little 6" long bird - but you'll only receive ONE, not six. I needed this for a pirate costume and affixed it to the hat, since the little feet felt unable to withstand being jostled on the shoulder of the costume. Good luck!
Not a very good quality and it was small.
This wasn't what I wanted the product was fine it just wasn't what I was looking for but I wasn't very happy I had to pay to send them back I love the ease of ordering from amazon but I'm not happy about having to pay to send them back I will think twice about ordering from you in the future
Read the reviews before I bought. Ordered two packs just Incase some didn't work. Sure enough 2 in each pack didn't work
Overall, I was disappointed. I found that when shortening the line, even just a few towels made it sag because the grips used to shorten the line aren't very strong. Also, 2 clips weren't strong enough for a standard beach towel. I might go back to the traditional rope and wooden clips.
Very hard to put together, not straight against Wall,
I hate vertical blinds, but since I'm not going to replace them all together- in a rental, replacing the individual ones missing was my only option. I first ordered the 10 pack, received a box with only 2, contacted amazon, I had to receive a new box of 10, take out 2 and return them. Giving 3-4 stars because they are what they are, and I'm feeling generous, didn't compare prices, and they did snap in place easy enough. A couple seemed a little long so I had to trim. So, for being the total POS that vertical blinds are, this was an okay experience.
I absolutely love the blanket. It is comfortable, soft and appears well made. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars across the board is thing is that this 60x80 blanket is advertised for a queen size bed. If I were the only person in the bed it would be great. But with my husband and I both in the bed, the blanket is not wide enough. It just barely reaches from side to the other when laying completely flat. I know it should not hang over the sides, but once you get two people under it... It doesn't cover you both. And when one of you rolls over, it pulls the blanket off the other person half way or all the way together. This needs to be at least 20 inches or more wider so that each person is covered and allows for some movement. Otherwise the blanket is absolutely awesome! I wish there was a larger one because I would purchase it.
They come all uneven and they have a funny odor to them
I thought the pillow would have actual waffle like crevices but it's just flat
So I decided to order a MyPillow after seeing how comfy they looked and how well everyone in the commercial was sleeping! Lol! Based on their chart, I went with the Yellow. When it arrived it was rolled up in the box, and totally flat. So I did as recommended and put it in the dryer. For 40 minutes. That's how long it took to fluff up a little. My first night it felt pretty comfortable, but still like it could have used more fill, because I had to keep plumping it up underneath my neck. It is a lot like a feather pillow in that regard. Once you fit it to your neck it's great. I had less neck pain than usual (I have 1 slightly herniated and 2 bulging discs in my neck). But in the middle of the night you have to keep plumping and fixing it every time you roll over, or when it flattens out. The fill is great -- there's just not enough of it! Such a shame they have to skimp on it. I wish now that I had ordered up to the next (White) level, instead of taking their advice for Yellow.
There were cracks and broken corner when I received them. I need a storage badly that is why I did not return them.
The concept of wireless is charging and it's a relatively inexpensive piece for what it is. My problems are that it's really hard to find the spot where it charges, and even then it stops charging periodically. The light itself also is either too bright and keeps me up or too low and I can't see it during daytime.
I would not consider this heavy duty. But it does the job.
I have not burned my old chair yet. I'm sure the new chair it will fit & look good.
Was looking for something to help heat my garage here in Texas. It's a two car garage and although it gets in the mid 30's and 40's there are few hard freezes. I first rand it for about 5 hrs. Temp on unit said 61 at start and I had it set for 75 just to see how it worked. After 5 hrs. the temp read 64 or an increase of 3 degrees. So, it didn't help me at all. And yes, the garage door was closed. Maybe it works better indoors in a small room, but pass if you're looking to heat a garage.
The jars are nice and large. Seem to be high quality. However, it came with no labels even though it says they do on the box they come in as well as in the description of the item. A little disappointing.
Hard to Iron very wrinkled
Slider on unit is stiff and basket pulls out when attempting to slide by grabbing basket. Amazon lower price by $17 2 days after ordering and refused to make a price adjustment which clearly impacts my review. Debating returning and reordering unit but such a hassle...
The Safety eyes themselves are fine and the ox they come in is nice, but the washers to attach them are absolutely atrocious. There is no way to easily attach them. I've broken several finger nails trying to push the washers on (I've only used 4 eyes so far!) and had to try to stretch out the holes using scissors and crochet hooks. My fingers are all but numb after finally getting a washer to go on. For the amount of work it is use to use these, I should have spent a couple extra dollars for some better quality ones.
Once I opened the box, it seemed old and maybe used? Not sure. I have applied a gem to 3 teeth one being my own. So far so good.
It's hard to judge size and plushness online but it was a little smaller than I expected. The wrist band is functional but if you pushed the pin in to far it would come out the other side.
Works well but not real powerful
Ok. Nothing exceptional. Could by at the quilt shop on sale.
It's a nice wedge, but just a bit bigger than i thought or needed.
It'd It's just OK. I know it's a small battery-powered fan, but I thought it would be stronger.
Legs were more orange-brown than I expected. Would like to see if I can exchange the legs for another color if possible. Otherwise I will need to disassemble and spray paint myself.
Good for price paid. Literally just velvet fabric made to fit curtain rods. The material has some, not a lot, weight to it so it hangs nicely. Doesn't really work so well as a blackout curtain - more like a room darkening curtain. I like my room super dark, so I have a blackout curtain behind these. But I love them. Beware of pet hair - it sticks to velvet like glue. I got the royal blue color which was surprisingly beautiful. it's a little darker than the stock photo, so if you're looking for a deeper blue this is it.
I AM PLEASE WITH: The cooling capability of this device. Easy to move because it rolls easily Weight of device is not too heavy (compared to other devices I have owned) NOT TOO PLEASED WITH: It is LOUD -- I couldn't sleep with it in my bedroom.
On about half of the frames the little metal tabs holding the backing in place broke immediately. I just taped them into place since I'm kind of lazy about returning stuff. It works, they're fine.
We have previously used cheap ones from Walmart that only last maybe a year so we decided to get these to try. Unfortunately this product broke after our first sheet change. That's even faster than ones half this price. The metal clasp on one of them broke and fell off. I don't know where all these positive reviews come from! Update: contacted the seller who sent me a replacement. Good service.
I was so excited for these beautiful sheets because they matched our room perfectly! We have a standard queen sized bed, and the fitted sheet goes on, but within minutes of lying on the bed with any form of movement, the corners pop right off. I wish the pockets were MUCH deeper, because I had to remake the bed every morning because the fitted sheet kept coming off. 😔 I loved everything thing else about them, but they definitely didn't fit like they should have.
Very nice looking set. Some fading after wash.
I didn't want to spend a ton of money on one of these, so I found this one. It works great! You can't hear it at all and it's both battery operated or electric. I prefer the battery because of where I wanted to keep it, there's no outlet. It doesn't run all the time, which is nice. I've had it for a week and so far so good. Update: I've had this now for about 3 weeks. While it works great, the battery has already died. So, if you're looking for a battery run watch winder, this one isn't great because it won't last long. I pretty much wear my watch everyday so the only time I run it is at night. The battery life is terrible.
The scent is heavenly. It just wasn't very strong.
I liked the option to increase/decrease the brightness. Also the large numbers for older people to read without glasses. I was surprised that there was no option for battery, rechargeable or not. Too cumbersome with wires. I was also surprised that one cannot turn off the alarm without turning the lights on, putting one's reading glasses, turning the phone over and switching the little tiny square button down to "silent", instead of just pushing a button.
It works, but would have loved for a border to be around the wall sticker
They are ok for a while .. thats it don't load them up!
They are ok they don't stay in place well
Quality isn't great here. The handle ripped the first time I tried to pull it out from under by bed. It does hold a good amount of stuff, and keep it off the floor, so it's working well enough for me. It's kind of a pain to not have a handle, but for the price, it's not too bad.
I am using this for a dorm bed, and so far it does the trick, but it is too soft for my liking. Still better than the bed itself. Sometimes difficult to settle in and feel comfortable and I still wake up hot sometimes even though it has gel and cooling properties.
Was more time consuming cleaning the product then just cleaning the drain.....We discarded the product.
A lot more yellow than gold, so it doesn't match like I had hoped.
Very fragile and received mine busted, so I had to return.
Tiny, really tiny. Fabric is awful.
These are very durable and thick. I needed thinner tubes that I could cut. These are not to be cut like a normal toilet paper roll.
Love the colors and variety in colors, however, both packages were short by 10 pieces.
The apron looks nice. Before purchasing I asked what the size of the belt was and the numbers i got should have been fine. The belt on the one I received was much shorter and did not have any stretch like others had said. Since I like the actual apron, I will just modify the belt myself.
I really like the graphics on these coasters. They go well with several decors. The down side is they are VERY fragile. One of the coasters fell from my end table onto my laminate floor and the corner broke. While I know these are not meant to be dropped, I would think they'd be able to withstand a short drop. A little super glue should do the trick, but don't let them fall!
Their WAY smaller than I thought they'd be. Luckily they fit the earrings.
This product only works in a smooth tub. Are tubs have small texture came right up. So if you have any thing but a smooth tub. Not recommended. I would like to know what to use in a lightly textured tub.
Poor package! The quality is just so so! See the picture I attached
Bag pierces very easily. Returns are fast, but amazon and seller do not communicate. I was charged twice, once for the original and again for the replacement (I returned original immediately and they claim they never received it). Replacement bag is already starting to fall apart in the same spot. Faulty. Do not buy, look for something sturdier.
a little small and faded
Eh I wasn't very impressed with the way the scents lasted or smelled
It was nice and soft but the pieces to hold in place are a bit ridiculous. I cannot comment on longevity because the first night my dog ate a big hole in it. He also ate the styrofoam pieces to hold in place.
I bought a toilet seat that was recommended by the lux bidet folks.. It was in an answered question by the seller on one of the lux bidet product pages . I have a Bemis Solid wood seat which is "easy clean". See the pictures for how I installed it.. And to see how much of a gap it leaves. I tested it out before gluing and the bidet doesn't spray through the gap.. The spay goes... Where it needs to. I got these bumpers because the first Bemis toilet seat I got, broke (pictured). I am quite a heavy gentleman. The angle of the seat caused by the bidet caused it to bend and break. I plan on getting four more of these, I will use two of the new four pack to put between the upper and lower ones., The middle of the seat clearly needs some support too. As to how sticky these things are.. meh, I used a scraper to take off the double stick foam tape. I could tell that foam tape wasn't going to hold. I used two part epoxy instead. I advise placing the bumpers with masking tape first. Take it for a test run. I had to move the bumpers a couple times to get them just right and not wobble. The suggested placement may work well for a round seat, butt it won't answer for an oblong seat. The bumpers clearly need to go horizontal instead of vertical in the case of my bowl and seat. Not all are the same so... use scientific method. I can see how the gap may cause an issue for some, do to spray... it didn't for me, but four isn't enough to get the job done in my case six.... Good luck, I hope this helps. Give it a "Helpful" click if it did please. :)
the color was not as expected
Really cute craft and doesn't use glue so it doesn't make a mess. Problem is that it is really top heavy and makes kiddos pretty upset that their project doesn't work.
I was wanting this to support my neck while sitting upright. It is good but I thought it would be able to bend and stay in that position like some of the others. It does not so it will not support my neck while sitting upright.
Daughter says they were ok.. couldn't really see the glitter/sparkle
A piece of the side paneling was broken off when I received this item in the mail. I had wood glue, so it wasn't hard to fix, and I didn't want to wait for the item to have to be returned and then reshipped. But I would not buy it again, even though it is a beautiful item with good storage.
While this works properly -- if you haven't used it for a day or so the first soap comes out dark, discolored and I was using Softsoap in a clear color.
The fabric feels good. It does not stay very well, but I kind of expected that to happen. So that is ok to me. But the item is different from the picture. Please see the photo attached. Only one side has cartoon design and the color is a little darker than the image posted by the seller. So that is disappointing. I am keeping it because of two reasons. The fabric is kind of what I expected. Two, I do not want to go through the return procedure.
When I received I was so excited. Used for Christmas mantel and fireplace decor. Love them but bummed by New Year's Eve I'm buying batteries. The remote a must but you do have to get close to the tea light, better than manually turning on or off. Go ahead and purchase a bundle of batteries b/c you will love and like me continue to use year round. I just thought batteries would last a little longer. I've turned them all on and the remote just went dead. I guess I'll let them burn out and will order my batteries ASAP.
Only came with three screws and anchors..? That's not very helpful... yes I checked all the packaging
The picture they showed of this Christmas tree skirt it was a lot fluffy or looking and thicker I was a little disappointed it's all flat-looking and I've had it out for a few days even tried to fluff it up and it's not working
They were a bit of a mess. Almost like they had been stored in extreme heat. The adhesive was all over the place. Some of the strips were actually stuck together. I had to throw away half of them. I had enough for what I needed them for.
This copper is exactly what I wanted, easy to work with, durable, not so thin that it tears but still workable. I have used this to cover my light switch covers and use a sharpened end of wood to engrave designs of flowers and leaves into the surface. I am only giving this 3 stars because it is not rolled around a cardboard tube and therefore comes with a lot of dents, creases and other flaws which would have been prevented had it been packed better. Otherwise great value for the price.
Little disappointed. Had scratches on the glass globe. Too much trouble to return. Not terrible but definitely some imperfections.
Pretty colors. Wear and tear so some broke
Easy assembly, beautiful and very easy to take down
I accidentally dropped it from a 5 inch height (dropped it on my table as I opened the box) and it broke in half. Elmer's glue is holding it together now. I would opt for a larger sized statue because even though the description is 4" they ought to have a photo of a person holding it cause it is VERY very small. I'd also prefer better packaging in the future. Way too fragile. Bummer.
I thought it was real netting on it but it's like fake. Looks good from a far. I don't hate it just thought it was different
Love the quality but is almost too small for a large family Bible. It works, but is small.
It took over a month to receive (which I knew when I ordered it) and then the part that holds the halves together broke after two times of using it. Now it doesn't close. I liked it other than that. I tried to super glue the piece of that part back on but no such luck.
The magnification is much weaker than what they state in their ad.
I love the product, but it showed up damaged, wrinkled and was rough to use with my Cricut. I plan on reordering to try against
These fit properly and do the job, but IMHO, are VERY, VERY overpriced- hence the 3 star rating!!!
Absolutely love this product except some purple dye from another set into mine so I have random purple lines I'm not happy about. Otherwise great
It came out nice except the text along the bottom is off center. So that was disappointing.
Worked ok, but I prefer mop n glo
Looks as advertised. However if it's in a room you may want to sleep or nap in, be aware it does make small noise when it flips. The noise is doubled when the hour and minute flips at the same time.
I use this at night in our bedroom and smells great at 1st, smell does wear off after a few hours I have a 500ml diffuser that last 10 hours on high so I normally will need to add more oil to it.
Length and color were true to photo and stated size. I was disappointed with the weight and feel of the leather itself. Overall is acceptable.
Great scent, good staying power. Burned very quickly though.
I purchased this hoping I could fit three cubes since there are three openings with two shelves inserted. Dimensions make it too small to fit more than two standard size cubes unless you stack one on top of shelf. Came with small chunk taken off top corner. Overall what I expected for cheap furniture to be used in kids room though.
Arrived ripped on the side and it very hard to use.
Don't try to assemble this with one person. I don't have anyone to help me so I gave it a try. Broke all the shelves and dowels to pieces. I had to throw the whole thing out. Plus make another purchase to complete the project. So it's going to cost me about 3x more than I planned.
Have to be close to the battery box to use the wireless control.
I should have gotten a med sized mannequin. I'm a size 10-12. The large seems more plus sized. But overall it serves its purpose well.
Not a true replacement for paper towel, just kitchen rags.
These hooks are useful & would be a good value but for the fact that the smallest hook is not properly formed on one end. The hook part had not been carved out. Of course, the smallest hook, the one used for fingering weight yarn, is the one I needed. Double sided hooks are a great tool for fixing dropped stitches!
Did not fit what it described
Reasonable quality. Smaller than I expected. Price is for one grinder only.
Nice cutters but were shipped in an envelope/ bag- not in a box as shown. They were all tangled together and I had to reshape
I ordered this to assist in drying herbs in a small area and the battery dies SO quickly. It doesn't matter how long I charge it, it's dead in under 30 minutes.
It looks like an actual picture and I am positive that no one could tell the difference unless they touched it
Cute and the time worked, but the alarm didn't go off despite setting it correctly. I had to return
Not nearly as nice as the other 2 towel racks I found. Kept the pinecones but trashed the rest.
*edit, their customer service representative reached out to me and offered to replace my fitted sheet and 25% back off of my original purchase price. This was a nice gesture and I appreciate their service excellence. Star upgrade because of that** Purchased in March and one of the corners split on the fitted sheet last night! The material doesn't feel as high as the thread count says it is and like others have said very wrinkly and stiff.
These are not as heavy duty as I had hoped but they will work until I can order better.
Quit working just after a few months of use.
Nice mattress pad, but doesn't have the cooling properties it advertises.
Nice flowers. Not super great quality, but worth the price. Note: these vines have a rotten smell that you'll need to air out
Works great but when I put in washer, it started shedding in clumps. Afraid to wash again....there may not be any rug left.
These hangers work, but I will not buy them again. They don't come with a wall hanger, not a deal breaker but inconvenient. I don't like how the four holders are attached to the springs. It's hard to explain but a zoom-in on the photo should explain it. They seem flimsy and don't cooperate if you need to make adjustments. What I dislike most is the vinyl covering on the hooks. They don't all reach to the end of the holder, exposing some of the metal on some of the ends, not on others. Try as I would, I could not pull them down to cover the hooks to the very tip. What's more, the color is not quite transparent. It looks a little too white and doesn't match the hangers I have on other plates. Those hangers work and look so much better than these.
I like the style but had to return because it stuck out too much onto my counter.
Heats fine. Has a problem in a large room turning off when it reaches temp. Temp it measures as it heats up the room is wrong. If I turn off the heat and let it set a few minutes then it's measured temp rises as much as 5 degrees. So, with a temp of 65 set, it heats up to 70 and the measured temp on front still says 65. It does not shut off properly and I wake up in a really warm room.
Ok holder but hooks a little thin
Description wrong. Picture correct. I love this ink pad, which is why I still risked ordering it. Its lasts a long time. But the two I just got from Amazon came almost dried out:(
It only Works well in the daytime but at night time you can see clearly through the window. It only works when the light outside is brighter than the light inside.
These pillows were something of a disappointment to me. They are very firm and uncomfortable directly under my head, and the feathers are hard, so I am using them as base pillows with more comfortable down pillows on top.
These prints are nice, but require a good mat and an unusual frame to look right.
I usually use Alumilite resin which can be very yellow-tinted to begin with. So this was a lovely change to find the resin slightly tinted blue and the hardener was completely clear of tint to avoid yellowing. My pieces come out clear and that makes me a very happy lady. However, I didn't notice much difference in the bubbles. Usually I mix on the faster side, but I've slowed down a lot and noticed there were still tiny bubbles. I don't mind, my work's aesthetic forgives imperfections (and sometimes welcomes them!), but I was hoping to see a decrease in bubbles after I changed brands. I attached photos of (unfinished, so don't judge!) pieces I made with a close up thrown in there to show the bubbles. I didn't warm up my resin, but I did take a torch lighter to the resin a few times and tapped the filled mold on my counter to help the bubbles rise. Oh well. I'm still going to buy another round of it!
Misinformed by the manufacturer as to what I was receiving in my package. This is what it entails from the manufacturer: , and 5 ½ foot flexible hose with 4 interchangeable steam heads consisting of a 9 inch bent aluminum pipe head attachment, B-brush steam cleaning head, 6 inches wide metal steam head and a 12 inch wide carpet steam head.
The bottles were the size I was looking for but are VERY soft. Because I am storing a solvent in them I worry they will not hold up.
Product is good for what u need it for but I found some difficulties detaching them after first first. Very difficult getting a good grip to unscrew them. After 35 minutes of trying to take then apart I gave up and now have a long stick sitting in my garage
Too many parts to assemble
Wish was thicker an bigger
I purchased this to help organize my sons sporting balls. He is 3.5 years old so I feel that some of his miniature balls are a little small for this, but he will definitely grow into it. I didn't know you needed a rail system to hang this so we just screwed it into a stud instead. The hanging devise looks a little strange and bulky without the rail system.
These wicks don't light well with soy wax candles that I make they don't crackle very much and they don't seem to stay lit
The canisters were smaller than I thought they would be- especially the smallest one.
I've ordered from this company before and been very pleased with the craftsmanship but this one ripped by the zipper as I was trying to stuff the pillow in. Still a cute cover though. Good vivid colors.
More faded than product photo. I thought it was going to pop but it's more watercolor and therefore looks cheaper than I'd wanted. It's a white bathroom so it's not the color fading the curtain.
Good medium quality, washable. Would buy another one.
Seems really nicely made but there are no non slip grips like the outside of the package says. And the company says to reach out if you have problems but there isn't an email or number. Very frustrating as it slips around.
The package says it was delivered on Thursday which was the 2-day prime expectation. It came today, Saturday two days later than the order status said. I was ina panic that it was stolen and started to track the package. Someone has to properly document when it is at a house like by taking a photo. To say it was delivered at someone's hous is inaccurate.
Packaging not very good so they were a mess on arrival but I'm sure they'll work nonetheless.
These sheets are very soft, but the fabric is thin and easily wrinkles and pills despite following washing instructions.
The hammer starts coming apart after a few hard hitting
The foam is too thin for flowers. Dont like some colors in the pack specifically black flowers.
Scent wasn't as strong as I was hoping.
I can't heat enough for my living room unless I come really near in order to feel the heat.
Broke at the hanger pretty quick.
The rugs were nice but there are so fuzzy and fluffy that I couldn't close the bathroom door over them.
I gave this product an all around 3 stars (would have been five) because to me it really is too small. I measured before I bought it and even had my husband measure it for extra comfort. By our measurments it should have fit perfectly. However, like most others we left one panel open in the back. Not a huge deal because you almost can't see it. However, I would return it and buy the more expensive brand that measures bigger if it wasn't so close to Christmas. Also, for anyone who likes the galvanized metal look, this is a very shiny version. It's lovely, but not very rustic.
I got it to cut fabric. All it did was chew up my fabric... Complicated to set up on computer. Not very user friendly.
Like the pillow case, but the color did not match the sheet set I bought that was suppose to be the same exact color. These pillow cases were a lighter color
The container is pretty cool but I have 11 duplicate colors and the numbers on them are questionable since they are just little sticker (part of them were hanging halfway off It). They came in no order of color and once you take off a tray it's a bit hard to get back together. I'm disappointed with the numbering. I DO love all the color selection.
This surely is a beautiful case....really to bad it doesnt fit my phone...
This is the 3rd year I have baught these for my kids. We have only got $1 Bill's out of 6 bars. Does have a nice scent though.
not that easy to use
It's okay. for kids!
They are sturdy and lightweight but unhappy with the notches in these hangers. Hard to remove clothes from them and they leave bumps in the shoulders. Unfortunately, I now own 100 of them. I think I would be happier with hangers that just have a slight texture on the top to hold garments in place.
Quality is very good. The slope of the pillow is a bit too steep to allow easy sleeping but it is OK for occasional use.
So not have fireplace so this fuel is allowing enjoyment
Seems to be slightly decreasing the amount of mud my pups drag into my house. Good quality.
Worst pillow I ever bought. The smell lasts for weeks. I use it now to put between the mattress and headboard so my good pillows don't fall through.
It works, there's no doubt about that. However the water drains VERY slowly even if the shroom is completely clean. It's kind of annoying, especially when I'm brushing my teeth, but otherwise it works well.
Clock is very clear and bright .
I like this, I do. But they colors on the pictures show a deeper teal and almost navy blue. But they are brighter in person. Again, they are nice quality, I just wanted a deeper color. They are almost too bright for my liking. I'm keeping them because I was able to find another pillow cover to blend in the brighter and deeper colors in my living room.
It is very nice, but it arrived damaged, scratched. Please sellers pay attention to details when sending something. The packaging was ok, it just arrived in it original packaging (not the Amazon box). I will not return it, we will try to fix it, but will not buy again from this seller.
Arrived with bottle open and leaking. Solution is not good to form satisfying bubbles
The brushes look decent, the case is cheaply made.
Help me from burning my fingers
The boards are very thin. I feel like it won't take long for a knife to cut through the material. Also, the white symbol on the green mat smeared. Doesn't seem great for food safety if the material used to create the symbol (tomato?) will wash off.
I prefer the spendy stuff at the hardware store because it has paper backing you can use to mark your cut.
unit works great but is loud. sleep mode does little to make it quieter. some of the buttons on the machine itself have stopped working 4 months in and the temperature screen light has gone out in certain spots as well.
Product was good value but spools don't fit my sewing machine. I didn't realize these are so big and didn't see any other options in size to order.
One of the plastic pieces broke off just after I got it so I'm not able to use one of the compartments. I like the way this case locks but I am not impressed with the breaking off of one the lids.
What came is definitely not what was pictured. After opening they were so flat and directions say to put in sun....well I haven't seen the sun in days so I put them in the dryer on low heat for about 20 min and then they filled right out. But they outside of the pillow looks so cheap and see through, that's why I gave it 3 stars.
I bought several, loved the color and the price. However, washing them, several of them frayed on the edges.
Wish it longer. Use it for knee support, neck and back support, and found it could support a pillow to help me in bed. Get 2 might help.
I know they are cheap laces, I did not expect high quality. But i did hope they would all be in one piece. Other than the one tied back together the laces are exactly what I expected for the price.
This is okay, definitely got what I paid for. At first it worked fine and then after about a week I noticed it would stop producing the mist because there was too much water build up. It starts working again once I take a tissue and soak up the extra water, just kind of a pain to do.
I love these brushes but the travel case smelled horrible! I'm not sure if they were authentic, though they seemed to be, but with the odor issue I sent them back.
Work ok but the lid breaks off of the collar too easy. Also is best to put it on an un opened can, or you might crush it.
It was a nice heated blanket for two years, then the heating element broke at connector. Now it's just a nice over-priced throw.
Easy to install, trimmed nicely. Started peeling off our door within a couple days. I really liked the texture and appearence once applied. I moved to a window and it is staying up well there, however we needed it for our glass door.
Its a lot shorter than I expected and the shelves were not as wide as I need, so my printers had to be turned sideways in order to fit ... but other than that it was okay for the price.
The product description states that they are smooth. However, they are not smooth. I had to sand the tip of the hook and the inside of the hook for it to glide smoothly with the yarn. Also, where the plastic goes into the wood handle of the hook can get flat or bent easily depending on how you hold the hook. It would be better to hold the hook without resting the end of the handle on the palm of your hand. The length of the plastic is wonderful for working a Tunisian stitch blanket of any width.
Not as colored much lighter in person
The only reason I gave it three stars is because as soon as I put it together the bottom bars bended. Made cheaply.
Just got it so don't really know much about it. So far so good can't complain
Nothing special. No heat control. There is a safety feature (turns off when it's knocked over). However, beware that the screen does get very hot to the touch. I keep this under my desk at work and it works just fine. Not overly warm, but does the trick. This is definitely a one-person heater. Don't expect this to warm up a room.
I thought the panels on the lantern were glass and they feel more like plexiglass not real glass. The clips to hold the panels in seem flimsy and not the best quality. The door on the Green Lantern does not close properly and is not level to the rest of the structure.. Thr lights sold with the lanterns are bright and very beautiful so therefore I will give it 3.5 stars.
I really like these for nursing. The only reason I only give 3 stars is that one began to unravel at the bottom seem after the first wash
Apparently it's not a cover it's 2 sheets but in the picture they make it look like a cover
I really like the concept of this product. It wasn't a great fit in my 2015 Chrysler T&C for the 3rd row where I installed, the table top part is pretty much seat level and for middle row passengers it's to far away. That said it holds our travel needs and comes out easily for entertainment at our destination, be it a hotel room or a doctors appointment.
Pretty fun, probably not worth more than $10 though.
Great little lights, nightmare to untangle them
These are not very fluffy or soft. They are definitely huge towels but I was hoping for soft definitely. These are a Christmas present. Next time I get something like this I'll probably go look at a store to make sure I get exactly what I want.
Nice towel set. Get what you pay for but the body towels are very small.
I don't think these are As stated the scent is same but it's watered down in my opinion. Not nowhere near the original ones when I bought my Rainbow. Color is lighter as well I did a side by side.
Not the best quality. After a few hours it starts to make a terrible noise too. Used it 3x and happens each time.
It is scorched very quickly
I thought you would be able to slide the pictures in there but this is not so, had to cut them to size (some of which had to be uneven) and then tape them in there. It is very pretty though and my boyfriends grandmother loves it.
I really wanted to like this pillow. My neck was hurting for weeks. I read other reviews that had this complaint. My husband likes the pillow. No neck pain for him.
A bit of a pain to put on but it works OK.
I'm kind of new to quilting. In a resent class I found six inch ruler is not a six and a half needed for a lot of blocks. Also, my instructor found them worthless for making and cutting a 45* angle.
This is a big bag. It held my 7.5 tree and 2 smaller accent trees easily. It was easy to use and zip up. The problem is there is no real definition of the bag so if your items shift the big can become larger on one side than the other. This became an issue for us when we tried to get the bag in the attic. It is a great price and would work great to store in a garage/closet but in and out of the attic not so great.
Does what it should. Not for a whole room
I am a beginner. I have never felted before. I had to watch a few Youtube videos to understand the process. The instructions are not clear at all. There is a piece that looks like a glue gun stick. I have no idea what to do with it. In the end, I figured out the process and my cat looks nothing like the picture.....
The pillow is soft, but I would not buy again. It is a standard pillow and the memory foam does not add comfort
Box looks big on the picture, too small for a gift . Could be bigger to created more room and to look beautiful on the outside .
find of thin I did like the softness of the rug.
Is not the size I request. I will use it anyway but I'm not so happy
I don't understand why these bags are so long. Feel like they have combined several model styles in one bag and it's not perfect
Item arrived bent. The package was in perfect condition so I can onl assume that it it damaged at the warehouse before packaging or while being packaged.
I should have paid more attention to previous reviews. Balls themselves are nicely shaped/full but color is indeed unnaturally, vibrantly and uniformly dark. Color is much different than other preserved boxwoods I have purchased from stores such as Restoration Hardware.
Not the best hooks, they stick to the yarn.
These are super cheap. They keep breaking (tho full disclosure I keep trying to twist the loops to different angles so the earrings fall a different angles, but a higher quality item would hold up to my gentle prodding). I used them to make earrings for myself with light metal wire or metal sheet hanging from them, but they clip really tight and my ears wind up hurting like hell after a few hours wearing them. They do the trick and they look nice enough, but working with them and wearing them you can tell they're cheap and I wouldn't want to use them to make gifts or items to sell.
They carry your laundry and they don't fall over. However, these are a lot smaller than I thought they would be and a lot flimsier. If you actually fill it to maximum capacity and lift it up, you can feel and hear the straps of the bags starting to separate from the bag, so I would recommend carrying the bags through the side holes instead of the straps. But if you have quite a distance to walk and a lot of laundry, I wouldn't recommend getting these bags because they really hurt your hands when carrying them, either through the holes or with the straps.
This is great for someone who has a lot of time and patience. I just can't do that many small spots that this has.
Cheap and the sand needs help falling. You need to squeeze the glass to get it to work
I Washed these Sheets 2 times , right out of the Bag.. Nice and warm. Not that soft.. I do like the looks. Will report back.... I have only rarely had Flannel Sheets feel soft ight out of the bag. ( meaning just 1 or 2 washings)
Overall it looks like a good pattern to learn EPP with. Only downside I see right off the bat is one of the L1 pieces is missing. Guess it's not a big deal since it looks like that is a common piece and I can just make a copy of another, but it would be nice to have all the pieces starting off.
I like it but the elephant is much bigger than I anticipated. Because of that I will not be wearing :(
It's cute, but thin and blows away easily if outside.
It is nice, but unfortunately one of the corners is cracked with a couple pieces broken off.
Love the color, but wish the containers were larger.
Ok product but didn't receive in time
Works fine while it works, however, I didn't realize I would have to refill so often even when on low. Also the touch pad to turn on/off isn't accurate and you have to search around where to press. On low only works for 2 nights.
I haven't actually hung these yet. They look OK, but as many other reviewers noted, it came damaged....not enough to make it worth returning as the damage will be somewhat in a corner and barely seen.
It definitely helps with my anxiety. But it isn't cooling. I still wake up sweating in the middle of the night!
The finish chips off real easy, and the instructions are garbage. That being said it does look nice on the wall and a marker can hide the chip. Use a 1/4" drill bit for the drywall anchors pilot hole.
The dowels would be fine but the poor packaging gave me a pack of broken dowels. Broken from 6 to 12 inches from ends because the box was way way too big and nothing but the rods inside. Absolutely no stuffing to protect them.
Unfortunately, they get hot to hands quickly and I did not find them effective for oven use.
The plastic mixing pan stains. I'm not sure I like wasting paint in the small reservoirs I forget what I put in each one. Every artist is different.
2 out of 4 bags I tried dont seal. after a day. the air goes back in.
This bath towel is pretty thin to be really called a decent bath towel. And the texture and feel are off after first wash. Looks great in pictures only. Not Recommended.
I got this mop in November. Today it broke. The part that attaches the pole to the revolving part on the mop-head broke off. I was happy with it until today.
This thing is MASSIVE and is a couple inches deep with the suction back part.
In less than a month 1 of them fell.
Works ok for pet stains. Wish they'd bring the one specifically for pet stains back, however.
Didn't receive wax pads but got everything else is good
Durability, easy to clean, easy to fold.
Would have liked more large, longer options in package
Price good but only last 3 weeks .
Accidentally bought the wrong size container
I need a very thin pillow due to neck damage. This pillow is very full of stuffing and does not fit my idea of a slim pillow a slim. I am not able to sleep on it. I cannot answer the other question since the pillow is brand new.
I like this product although I think its a little overpriced. However, I was excited to get it and went to assemble it last night but due to not having nuts am unable to connect the three baskets together to hang where I want to hang it. There is no way the baskets will stay together with just the screws they provided. I am not sure how to put it together without a nut to secure it. I'm not sure if nuts were suppose to be provided or not but I defiantly did not have any in my package.
The size is perfect. Bought 2, one for my husband and 1for me. One is very difficult to open, don't really clean very well.
Material thinner than expected. Not wrinkle free as advertised.
Once you write on it, it cant be washed off, a little disappointed
Very nice ring that does what it is intended to do. Well built and durable I see it lasting many years. Uses the standard size candles. Though the fit fine, I would have liked a slightly deeper cup to hold the candles even more securely. Given that you are using a lot candle around pine branches, you can't be careful enough to ensure the candles don't tip over and start a fire. Though I had no problem with it, I wouldn't feel comfortable leaving a lot candle unattended in this ring.
This is the second attempt at a review. My first one somehow never showed up. This little wine rack is handy for a shelf or pantry, but be careful when screwing in the screws because in my case the wood split. My first review got an immediate reply from the manufacturer with an apology and a promise to "make it right", but that was a couple weeks ago and I haven't heard anything since. The silver screw is one I added through the split to hold it together.
Straps broke within 1 week of buying. Otherwise pretty good
This is a cool star. But it is large. I wouldn't purchase it if you don't have at least 2 feet between the top of your tree and the ceiling. The rotating led image on the ceiling is pretty, but you can hear the motor rotating when sitting on a couch about 5 feet away...
Great mattress protector but doesn't keep me cool
They are pretty however the roses started falling off as I was taking it out of the package. Very delicate.
Good luck finding a replacement battery. I found it difficult to set the time and date. If you have it next to you, it's easy to hit the top for the light to appear. Love the functions, about humidity and temp. I felt they were shady about the tiny batteries.
I like this clock and the numbers are large. I can see them during the night without difficulty. My only issue, and it is my fault, I thought it had a radio, but it doesn't. I just misread the description.
These sheets are unremarkable. They're fairly thin - I can see the pattern of my matress top through the white ones - and neither rough nor markedly cushy. I'll probably look for something softer next time.
Product quality is severely lacking. First use one of the blades broke. Still love using it. It is a definite time saver but not built for long term or high usage.
Item did not come in a box. It was just clear wrapped in plastic so it was awkward to explain when my husband opened it on Christmas. It does fit on the door but the "hooks' that hold the hats are flimsy. It does the job but don't close the door too hard or the hats will fall off.
I have two and both have arrived with strong odor but look really great. So I'm going to try fresh air and sunshine exposure. My Mongolian lamb products have not had this problem.
Very simple but perfect for my needs
Liked the variety but wished it had more kettlebells. Not all the wholes were the same
Did not work as described. Worst Worst Worst I was expecting better than this.
They wound up not working in the cupboard I wanted to use them in, and they are too short for an alternate use. When I looked into returning them I got a note that they are not returnable. In reviewing the item description I found nothing about that restriction.
This was such a cute mat! I wanted to love it ...but too small for my 3yr old for her cot at nap time. This is great for a 2yr old.
Really like the look of this, however, when I pre-washed it all but one of the tassels on the pillows fell off (even though I turned things inside out in the dryer) and there were lots of odd dark stain marks on the duvet. I had to hand scrub with spot remover a bunch of areas. Overall it's nice, but why bother with tassels that are going to be destroyed with one washing and I am not just getting the stains. It does wrinkle a great deal so pull out of dryer half dry and hang to minimize wrinkling.
The wheels already broke but it still functions as I intended it too
on the bottom L there was a large chip broken off.
The picture makes this seem like it's a structured and thick material but it's actually very thin and flowy microfiber. Also, when I put it over the box spring, I noticed there was a small hole already on the bedskirt. I really can't be bothered to take it off since my mattress weighs a ton so I am keeping it until I find a better quality and more structured material.
I've purchased this before and really like it so I reordered. This set is missing purple.
The earrings are extremely well made and beautiful. Unfortunately they are too heavy for me and pull on my earlobes. The shipping cost is triple what the earrings cost and it is not worth the time or money to return them. I will have to give them away.
I like the feeling of the sheets. But when I opened the set. One of pillows case the side was ripped, I was able to sowed it back together.
My Husband thought this was hilarious. Product was as described. I thought I could use it in our bathroom during our anniversary day. The tissue paper didn't even last for a few "times" on the throne so I felt it was expensive for the quality.
It's pretty hard to work with this frame on. It isn't too bad to assemble, but as everyone says there are no instructions, but it's very hard to start a new thread in this frame since you need to work with the backside and hold on to the thread tail while pulling the thread through the front. It just winds up being awkward to try and access both sides of the piece at once. Might be nice for finishing work like back stitching, but I will be going back to my normal hoop for the most part.
I wish these came in a frame
WORKS GREAT EXCEPT BATTERY WAS DEAD I THINK FOR $25.00 THE BATTERY SHOULD NOT HAVE BEEN DEAD. WOULD HAVE BEEN 5 STARS IF NOT DEAD BATTERY.
Very cheaply made, not as nice as expected. Can find similar at dollar store
too large for my small space..returned for refund
As long as you used it during sunlight, it's okay. At night must connect to a battery source.
nice for the price, but comes with string to use as the hangers...was very time consuming for me since I have handicap in both hands and a fused finger.
Ordered one for my sofa and loveseat and was sent one in the dark gray that I ordered and one in the lighter gray. Would have given five stars if I had gotten both in the dark gray that I ordered.
disappointed in the quality
Once I got the right size, I was expecting a heavier material like canvas, but this is made with very thin cotton and frankly I give it 3 months before the draw string breaks and the bag to rip. Glad I did not pay very much for it. At least I have something in the mean time to put my laundry in.
They are nice enough, but they don't mist. They have one setting and it's more like a stream. I was hoping for a fine mist to use as a room spray.
I ordered this sign for my daughter-in-law and when the sign came in, it was TAPED together. My son had to glue it before they could hang it. I feel that there should be some sort of compensation for the condition of the product! Very unhappy that I sent a product to my daughter-in-law and it came to her in that condition.
I thought they were larger, but they work fine for the kids, not for adults though.
Very small in size and not good adhesive
This is a neat, modern looking rack that I use for towels in the bathroom. The only problem I have is that the plugs that cover the screw holes are too small, and they fall into the holes. I can't figure out how to contact Amazon to get new plugs. Is anybody out there?
the product was as described, would buy it again
Not as quality as the photos portrayed.
Really love the design of these sheets! I've had them for about two months now and some seams are already coming undone, which is a bummer. Wish they were a tad bit softer, but overall I'm still happy with purchase. The print is definitely my favorite part about them.
a bit loud/annoying. otherwise keeps time well
The glass dropper is too short for the bottle. Is it posible to buy longer ones?
the print is somewhat smeared. It's not crisp. Very thin but I figured it would be. Just wish the designs were more crisper.
I really do love this blanket. When I bought it, it was super soft. Unfortunately each time I wash it, it balls up and gets everywhere and is starting to not be as soft. I did buy this for a personal blanket, but it is very big and makes it harder to take on trips to hotels and such. But I still do it.
I love the quality, I just wish it came with a cover for the tank
well constructed but too big. will use it for something else
It would have been perfect but the gray stand for your tablet is leaning too far back. I would need to sit up very straight and have a low tub for it to be usable. I ended up using a kick stand on my iPad case instead of the one built in to the tray. The quality is excellent and was wide enough to fit my large tub.
It's probably my fault for not paying attention to the demensions, but this thing is tiny. For that reason alone, I feel like it is not worth what I paid for it. It's very nice, very well made, and all that. Just way tinier than I though.
Had to order another set as I wanted a little more coverage, as at night I do not like to use the blinds if need be. Otherwise color is nice.
great price - fast shipping - works as others di
This was a light weight cart. It did not come with written instructions and I put it together wrong the first time and had to take it apart and try again. One of the welds broke when I was putting it back together. It works well if you do not move it very much, but mine leans if I do not place it near a wall.
Can't comment yet on most of the questions but I'm a little concerned that the website description says there deep sheets (16" sheets) but the one's I received say 12" and my 1st email to the company, they wouldn't answer my 2 questions... 1st being: why do the sheets you sent me say 12" deep not the 16" from the website description and... 2nd question: what is the thread count... All they wrote back was thanks for your purchase and rate there product... Will try to update as I get more information.
I like it. It fits my bathroom sink. The only problem I have w/ it is that, even after I have cleaned it, it makes the water drain slowly.
It's fine - does the job for house files - wouldn't stand up up to office wear and tear
Too warm for all season. Woke up several times during the night due to being too hot.
I have mixed feelings about this neck pillow Read the reviews that led me to buy it I purchased the XL version for $10 more fir the past 60days I did 8 flights over 14 hours each and 10 between 2-5 hours each On the long flight I managed to sleep a good 7 hours and in all cases I ended up sweating needing to get the pillow washed after a round trip as a stiff or sour neck but on the up side on short flights It worked perfectly managed to sleep easy and no side effects
I started using fresh wave a few years ago and have used it on and off over the years. I loved the natural scent. But for some reason now it does not smell as natural as it used to – smells more chemical.
I bought this because I loved the pleated detail on this. I initially loved it until I washed it before putting on my bed and realized how easily those pleats can be undone due to being loosely sewn together. It 's somewhat lightweight, but I find myself sweating a lot using this comforter. Overall it's not bad, but just not made of the best quality.
It doesn't stay put on the shower head pipe, slides down all the time! Also the back grippers don't stick either... Its a little irritating, but I ended up buying an extra shower curtain rod to hang the baskets against the shower wall instead of the shower head pipe. So the versatility of the hooks actually came in handy! 👍🏽 But still irritating because the baskets still move against the wall
very comfy with the 4 inch one. But as soon as its time to roll over or roll out of bed, your butt is stuck!!!! Should have gotten a thinner one
The first day the small knife was broken, I tried to cut some box to make home for my kid's dolls . Now when I know they are not that much study, use more careful and the rest two still alive. For the price I think I should expect thin quality .
The quality appears to be good and it's comfortable but the fitted sheet like to pop off of the mattress with just a little movement.
Misleading photo. Not really a California King.
These coasters definitely have the look. We got them to complement our Friendsgiving table, and they certainly fit the theme. However, one of the apparent uses, as suggested by the product photos, is as a coaster for hot beverages. Placing a mug of hot coffee on top of a coaster caused it to split. Additionally, the attractive bark around the circumference is very fragile and breaks off easily. Recommended use: decorative.
I really liked this at first. It will not stay on the wall.
When I saw this it was exactly what I was looking for… Big digital blue back light and when I received it I realized that in order to have the blue light lit all the time it has to be plugged in to the wall outlet. it can be operated by battery only but the blue light does not stay on.
Great item, it is just much darker than pictured.
Suction mouth area size could be larger
I first thought the wheels were the problem - but it is really what you screw the wheels into that doesn't hold - it is a black plastic accordion type of holder that slowly comes out and thus the wheels start pulling away - they need to fix that problem. I ended up just putting some plastic movers sliders under it to slide/move the shelf around. I left the black plastic piece that you would screw the wheels into and just put them on top of the sliders.
came promptly, well packaged, and so far has endured the family. My issue is that it does not say on as well as I had hoped. bought it for a leather piece and it slips, the seat stays in place for the most part but the arms and back not so much. Anyway, quality is pretty good so far (couple of weeks).
these were a hit for our photo booth! however they were not sparkly and don't have a lot of shine if that is what you are after! but we are so happy we got these. they held up all night with no problem!!!
i like the size of these and the paw prints are cute. for fleece they do get a lot of static when washing and they lose the original softness very fast
i messaged seller 4 days before it actually arrived to ask about any tracking info. got no response. came in a letter size envelope so theres a nice crease down the middle. the crease isnt directly through a letter, but its through the word "awesome" so applying it to the wall is a pain
It is on regular fabric, not Aida (cross-stitch) fabric. It is difficult to make even x's, especially for children.
Received more pieces then the listing. Wish there was the same amount of each color instead of a lot of purple and clear.
They are ok, but are much brighter than I wanted or expected. They are a very bright white.
Beautiful Piece, just wish the chain would have been a little longer. Also the essential oils only need be like 1 drop...otherwise its too strong.
the sheets don't seem to fit my queen size bed. they are too big, but they are real soft
The material is very thin. Hold them up and you can see light through them. They came folded in the package and after laying out kept the folds. After ironing they kept the folds.
Quality wasn't what I expected and I couldn't tell if it was working on my hair or not but meh
Big poster, but rips very easily. If you want to put it in a frame, I recommend it.
So I love the canvases they are very beautiful and detailed. I love when my room is dark and I have a candle lit and the way it reflects on the canvas making it glow... BUT even after taking off the felt I can't get these to hang on the wall with commands strips the heavy duty ones. I'm not sure why they slip right off the canvas I even tried Super gluing the command strip to the canvas no luck. I'd use a nail to hang it on the wall if you purchase
I really wanted to like this purchase, especially because I am always cold and wanted a comforter that would keep me nice and cozy at night. But.... this makes me sweat. I wake up drenched in sweat and then I am freezing cold when I get out of bed because now the sweat is making me have chills. On top of it all, my hair is drenched in sweat and I have to wash it and re-do it every time. If you are a woman, you will agree that we should not be washing our hair everyday, and definitely should not be blowdrying everyday, but my hair gets ruined from the sweat. I will keep looking for something that is warm but does not make me sweat.
Nice soft fabric, but the zipper broke after very minimal use.
I tried using this pillow in the direction shown in the illustration and it made my neck, back and shoulders hurt worse than before. I turned it over and it was better but still not the support I was looking for.
It works fine but only for light clothes like shirts. It doesn't work on jeans or heavy material. It's good for traveling though to unwrinkle some shirts
Pillow case is just for fun, for Stranger Things fans. Texture is rough and scratchy, not soft, so it's not a comfortable pillow.
Flimsy and didn't fit under my kitchen sink with a garbage disposal.
Works great but the fabric is not very sturdy... made a new fabric one for the hanger
It could be better. I ordered 10 rolls as described on Amazon but I got 9 rolls instead.
The fabric is a bit stiff, really over dyed black stripe.
nice flowers with pot. However, strange smell.
Ordered a twin size received a full size .. more for kids than teens.
It turned out to be a lot smaller than I had expected. I guess it pays to read the description LOL. I'm not sure why they would use a queen size in the photo for the tiny throw. But it won't even fit a twin size bed. It's working out great for a couch blanket. Mainly my cats have taken it over. They seem to absolutely love it. I'm not a huge fan of the synthetic fuzzy side. It kind of reminds me of whatever the fiber optic Christmas trees are made of. The color is beautiful. The green kind of makes me think of a mermaid tail type. It's pretty soft on one side and just feels kind of weird on the other. But it is thick, and will keep you warm.
This is a plastic material, not a nice canvas like in the photo. It kind of has a stiff trash bag feel. It's okay, but not as nice as I had hoped.
I purchased for drapes and don't know if they are dark enough without having to line them. We shall see. I like the color.
Read the description carefully - these are PLASTIC!
It made a dream catcher, but does not look at all like the picture. The feathers were completely different.
Didn't like that the butterflies looked kind of fake. Could have been done better.
Looks nice. Everything fit perfectly except the last two screws for the seat. Had to go to Ace to get longer screws which worked out. Maybe send 8 of the long screws instead of 4.
The ring holder is gorgeous to look at but not very functional. The ring spindle is quite thin, so the ring falls to the bottom of the tray. I prefer a ring holder with a thicker spindle to keep the ring suspended mid-way. It's easier to put earrings or a necklace in the tray without banging into or getting tangled with my rings. I also didn't realize how challenging it would be to grab silver jewelry from a silver tray. Glass ring holders are easier for this reason. Still, it's really beautiful to look at.
Blurry image quality close up and not enjoyable to look at ... but from far away is a match! Color is matching as well Looks like they took a picture from the internet and enlarged it making it loose image quality
Decent for the price. Each frame and glass had a few scratches.
It's nice but the lid/pump is made out of plastic. One of my lid (nose looking) broke
Fit barstools chair perfectly. BUT it want stay on slid off easily
The installation hardware was not in the box.
I was a little disappointed once they arrived. They are a little thinner and cheaper in quality than OEMs. I'm not sure about how they'll compare for Hepa filtration but they'll do for now.
I ordered two of these and both arrived with outer drawer pieces damaged. Apparently this material is easy to punch a hole through. It doesn't help that the modular unit is packed with the drawers facing out instead of in. I re-packed the one with the drawers facing in and they fit just fine so I question why the manufacturer would not notice this packing error since it seems more people have received damaged drawer pieces. I assembled the other unit despite the damage and thought assembly was very user-friendly. The pieces may not have perfect alignment but the unit looks acceptable and I'm using it in my closet. The handles are too cheap and not sturdy. I can't help but look at this and think of it as a child's room addition. The drawers don't fit much weight since the drawer bottoms are as thin as a piece of cardboard so I will adjust my use for this. I wanted to stack two together but now I have my reservations about ordering another...if the price was cheaper I would!
Logs burned well and looked nice but had little to no smell.
Was great at first but lost most of its softness after 1-2 washes. Disappointed.
Nice product. Wasn't what I expected, but nice. The design is a little funky.
It doesn't work as well as the disposable pads from Irobot bit they are good to have in a pinch when you don't have any.
This holder for 3oz cups is too tight. Not easy to extract cups and tears edge of cup
It's cheap and gets the job done. I'm not a HUGE fan of the feel of the material but its definitely not uncomfortable. I'm tall so my feet always run into the cords and giant warning label / pad thing at the foot. It's stupid easy to use. I haven't needed to crank it over 6 yet. The controller is comfy in the hand and well built. Easy to read it at night or in a dark room. The main power cord feels cheap but it is very beefy and I doubt it will give you any issues. The warming coils in the blanket though, those I could see wearing out or getting brittle over time. I haven't had mine long enough to know. Mine does appear to heat evenly. No fires here yet lol. I noticed I left part of it tucked into a sofa cushion relatively tightly and that section did get much hotter than the rest of the blanket. I noticed the same thing when I lay on it for a long time or if its bundled up in a ball or something. I try to keep it relatively sprawled out because of that and it seems much happier that way. One nice thing is that it has really long cables both between the blanket and the control and the wall to the control.
I've put together tons of furniture in my life and I've always thought Ikea was the worst until this came along. The clips that are supposed to fit into the grooves likes to slide down while you're trying to put the top on and I was fighting with it for a good 30 minutes. But after I put it all together it seems really sturdy. I put my countertop dishwasher on it and it rolls around really easily. When assembling it would be wise to have another person assist you with assembly.
It looks good but a lot smaller than I thought
I didnt really loke this kit it cant really pose well without an action base.
He is very small and a lot of the welds on him are burnt through.Hes ok but would have liked him better if he was the size as stated on amazon.Would not have ordered if i knew he was that small.Other reviews were right.
cheap looking liner.
Good product with no awful plastic smell. I gave it 3 stars because there were no magnets at the bottom.
Caution! It is not apparent which side is the backing and which side is the iron on. I assumed the shiny side was the iron on, and the parchment paper side was the backing. I was wrong! The shiny side is the backing! I wish that was stated in the instructions.
Does not fit large/wide door handles.
It was cute, but tore easily. Material too rough feeling.
I was very pleased with this mop and bought two, one for my home and one for my vacation home. We use it often and it worked well for us until yesterday, my husband went to mop the floor and the handle broke in two pieces. He isn't rough on equipment, I just don't think this mop is made well. We followed manufacturers directions to the T. Don't buy this one, it's not worth the money you pay for it if it only lasts 11 months!!!!!
The fit is tighter than the original and it's hard to get it on and off
Looked like marbles.... got fooled, they were flat!
I purchased this with the intent of using this as an alternative to resin and epoxy. The product does go on easily and is thick and have a nice glossy shine but it takes a while to dry. After letting it dry for the recommended amount of time it was still tacky and would leave fingerprint marks or leave indentations if accidentally scratched. The fumes are not overwhelmingly strong but did give me a headache after using it for an hour. Either wear a mask or limit your time using it.
Hi - wrapping it came in was wet, so apparently it leaked somewhere. Jar is not full about 3/4 -other than that all is fine.
Wire good and colors as expected. However packaging was torn and clearly not new and the spoils are all separate like they have been returned by someone else. Luckily not damaged.
I really like the message and artwork, but I did not expect it to be a "see-through" type of bumper sticker. As a result, it is not as noticeable when put against my slightly-tinted rear window.
The stones are going to be used for a Life Celebration at a University. I have to admit I expected them to be a little larger than they are. Coloring is nice this is the only disappointment.
Too small, had to return. Easily refunded
We used this for our giant sectional sofa that was just falling apart. The cover did a good job of making it work until we could get a new one, but it didn't look the greatest. There was excess fabric in weird places and the foam pieces fell out the moment you sat on it. It was annoying, but got us through.
Fabric isn't like burlap has a sheen to it .
The metal ends came unglued often. Luckily there were several in a package.
Assembled this today. The instructions are not great, but it's simple enough to figure out though my wife wasn't happy about it. She likes the chair so far, time will tell.
Great fan that is a lot more powerful than I was expecting. However, the motor is way louder than my bigger fans I have and takes time to get used to.
It is very useful for toting groceries, primarily, from the car in garage into the house; or moving boxes around occasionally. Rare need however. My GIANT complaint is why they did not manufacture a screen or some way of filling in the GREAT open area of the lower, primary upright handle. Everything falls through it! I'm going to see if I can find a bungee cord thing that I could stretch across and connect to the two upright handles. Otherwise you'd have to place a board or thick cardboard between these to act as a barrier to prevent - for us - primarily groceries, from falling through and onto the floor the second you tip it back! POOR forethought by designers! Very disappointed in this. HOWEVER the only assembly required is to snap on the wheels - super easy. Could do with eyes shut. Is light weight. A great idea....EXCEPT for not thinking ahead about being Unable to carry anything not wider than the two upright handles, or else they will fall right through. DUH!
You have to press hard for thin carpets and after a year- the handle broke off
It is very heavy but it doesn't keep me warm.
Soft and comfy but doesn't heat very well...it gets warm in a few spots but not all over like it should
Definitely not like the info video, ans you have to push down very hard to get a good line. A good idea, but could be modified.
It's okay... it works but I feel it could be better if it didn't have as much play in the hub. The screw should be smooth inside the hub and a little bigger. With how loose the screw is inside the hub it seems like you would get a different result each time you tightened the wheel on it. It works though. We won first place!
I really like it, its just a little small and doesn't hold all my utensils.
This robe is exactly what I wanted - snuggly and warm for winter. The S/M fits me perfectly (I'm 5'3", 125 lbs). I've washed it once and it held up. I love everything about it except that it snags VERY easily. Every couple of weeks I have to go over it with a scissors to keep it from looking so shaggy. I've only had it for two months and hate to think what it will be like in a year! Maybe it snags so easily because the texture is very soft? I don't know.
it is a cute sign, i gave it to my dad and he said it broke when he was trying to hang it up
I received these towels and while they are not of horrible quality, they are very thin and not what the towels in the photo appears to look like. * Note: I received a discount in exchange for my honest, unbiased review. The review I am leaving, is a reflection of my own personal experience with this product.
Broken but would be cool
Worked great at first for a quick fix, but after 3-4 weeks the white tint became beige and sticky (as you can see from the before and after.) Lint from clothing where we sat/ came in contact made it even more visible. Good as a temporary patch, but will need to buy a new couch soon.
Beautifully soft, but I wanted warmth and so bought an Eddie Bauer blanket that I am sooooo happy with. Returned this one.
The manufacturing could have been better. There are strings hanging off everywhere and sewing gathers where there should be none. The gold does not really look like gold at all, it looks more like a beige.
Some of these smell good and others smell kind of 'ok'. They cause a strong allergy response and causes my nose to burn and other times cause a headache. I stopped using them.
Not very strong. Breaks easy
Product arrived and I loved it, look wise. The problem is that a regular stick incense doesn't fit and ashes fall everywhere. If the hole was better positioned, it would get 5 stars.
These don't stay sealed. We had to scotch-tape most of them as the items we had inside, were constantly falling out.
No privacy totally see through
Extension adapter didn't fit a standard shop vac hose. The extensions are decent.
Works all right so far. The material is extremely nice. The issue is how thin it is and how thick the wires are. My wife enjoys it but the wires really detract from my enjoyment. Unfortunately everything is about cheap and I'm still searching for quality. While it's lasted a month so far... this blanket isn't what I'm looking for. If wires won't bother you, everything else is good so far.
It came broken, it's very delicate
All spandex fit is kind of weird and doesn't look like the picture.
Pretty noisy, I returned it because it made me feel like I was on an airplane
Very cute but I'm a little concerned with its durability over time. Going to the lake house so it won't have as much use as a full time home. We will see!
Very light weight and magnet is not large enough to keep it in place
Very pretty, but thought it was a pillow, not just a cover
The build quality is fine, but these are noticeably dimmer than identical-looking ones I've bought from other sellers. The ambient light sensor on my phone indicates that these are 20% dimmer than those other flashlights (with identical batteries).
Arrived in a timely manner, but comforter material was not as described in relation to warmth. It is very light weight and thin.
Cute idea but definitely more like a cheap beach towel than a blanket. My son didn't even open it after he felt how rough it was.
Removable with water doesn't seem like such a great idea when part of the process is running water over it. After setting it for a long while, the layer of emulsion just flakes right off.
I am an older person. When I tried to open a jar with it, didn't work for me. Luckily there was someone at my house that day. But I will continue to observe how it works out and will give update.
To dark for me but the nice thick material. Not sure how works, returned.
Very thin, won't keep you that warm, wife wanted it because of the pattern but once we go it we knew it wouldn't really work so the dogs have a new blanket
Ordered two. One is perfect. One broke (kickstand fell off when my mom opened it as a present). Not super high quality but looks nice... as long as it doesn't break.
The album is fine but my photobook came in ripped.
I needed several durable folding racks so I bought several. This rack is ok for home use or light weights but if you are going to be moving it around alot or load it up with a full rack of clothes I do not recommend it. The metal tubing is thin and the side tubes are two pieces that link together which makes the sides and rack unstable. It's an ok value for the money but I would not purchase again.
Pretty shabby design the engineer could have added one more clip and made a big difference to the bottom. Dropping a wet towel or two and lifting it the bottom in the towel stay on the floor. Was able to solve that problem with gorilla glue but in the end tossed it in the garage and bought something more sturdy not really for us.
It cools when placed close to you but runs out of water quickly
Cheap-looking material, not really a waffle weave, more of a waffle-like impression from afar. Would not recommend if you're looking for spa-like classic waffle weave.
Sounds like I'm vacuuming the bathroom but I like the bubble bath it can make. (Dont use much though!!)
Product is nice but not as sturdy as I thought it would be
I ordered the teal looking to pair with gray and aqua. However, I had to return because they look more baby blue than blueish green.
I ended up returning this for the shark. It got hung up every day on something and never returned to the base.
This advent calendar looks really pretty. My only complaint is that the day 20 box is missing...
Love this item but if you want to put your kitchen utensils in it, it is too small. I am using it as a flower vase instead. Still very cute.
Doesn't look as good as the picture.
The 2 Plain pads fit the steam mop head, they were tight but I could get them on, the 2 scrubbing pads do NOT fit, they are too small. Kind of disappointing
Each project I have used this on has bubbled up badly. I thought it was something I was doing wrong but it has only been with this roll of htv.
Cheaply made. You get what you pay for
The Snuggie would have been a great gift for my niece if it was bigger. The reviews said that it would fit a tween. Not if she is average height it won't. I bought it for a 12 year old and it was way to small. Returned it and ended up just getting her something else.
My mirror post came cracked (still holds though) and there is an awful chemical smell that hasn't gone away yet. The paint color is not as nice as what is pictured but it's so heavy that I didn't want to bother with returning it. Will probably sand it and repaint it at a later date and get some wood glue. I wish I would have spent a little more and gotten something nicer
The diffuser works, but the overall quality of the product is poor. It's a 10 dollar product. Would not recommended.
Ok these are inexpensive, but I would not use them for a polyurethane finish, or a final coat. China made, not that this is the sole reason not to purchase. What I received was cut unevenly, and the foam is course. If you have used better quality foam brushes you will see the difference. Try a foam poly brush made by Jen. The foam is smoother, softer and more dense. The cut is even and perfect. The cost is nearly the same for a far better product. And you can rinse, wash and reuse Jen brushes and they hold up! These will leave a nice smooth surface.
Pro's: 1. It does cover our couch 2. It has withstood our dogs nails (we have gone through numerous couches because of these nails) Cons: 1. It was a beast to put on and tie together at the bottom. Yes, we had to flip the couch. 2. We did not get foam bars, but instead got the equivalent of little sand bags to stuff between the cushions. These work until someone sits down. Then they pop out. We just tossed them and periodically return everything. Overall, it works for us for the price.
Cute bag, nice size, but strings have already came out.
like almost every thing about this duvet, price is good like the material and looks BUT the shams are not king size so I think they are reg size. that is why I gave them a 3 star.
Super cute...nice material! I gave it a 3 star because the cover had a really small hole to push a pillow through, so I would say that it's best for making your own pillow (pushing stuffing inside) not for an already cased in plain pillow..
I bought this pillow because I am a side sleeper and the shape seemed ideal. It is made of memory foam and in my previous experience, memory foam is quite soft. However, the memory foam in this pillow is dense and hard, very hard! I woke up the following morning with a painful sore cheekbone.
I am not sure this even works. My neighbors still complained.
This was a very beautiful soft ball of yarn, I am a beginning knitter and the problem I'm having is that the thread separates and I get extra stitches. I think an experienced person would do wonderfully with this. The finished product on my needles is very soft and feels durable. I'm not giving it a 5-star rating because for me it just wasn't the right yarn for the job. it also didn't come off the spooling very nicely I had to make a yarn ball so that it would come off the way I wanted it to due to the way it was twisted and wrapped
This takes as long as it does to get the iron out n iron shirts.
The black ones wouldn't open wide enough for me to use, which was disappointing because those were the ones I wanted the most!! The rest are good. They're very comfortable, except they're a little big for sleeping.
These are nice patches, but they do not iron-on. After one wash everything fell off, so if you buy, expect to sew on.
Okay so I wanted to love this!!! I do like the color and the material and the size is just right... however it is definitely without a single doubt not nonslip!!!!!!!! The strap is supposedly what makes it no slip however no matter how tight you have it it doesn't keep the hangover in place... every time the couch is sat on it needs to be put back into place and then if a puppet gets on couch just forget it... idk def not worth the over 50 bucks I spent on it!! I would keep it if it was less than 30 cause it is at least a little better than just throwing a blanket on the couch... uggh take home point not nonslip~ I guess I was hoping the backing if this material was no slip but it's not it is just reversible
I love the idea behind this product, but the quality isn't what I'd hoped. They seem great at first and are well constructed with cloth threading attaching the scrubbing side to the sponge, however the scrubbing surface pretty quickly begins to deteriorate. I may have used it on something rougher without realizing how rough it was, but the scrubbing side is already shredding and starting to fall apart after only two or so weeks. Hopefully the other five that I have hold up a bit better or I'll be looking for another biodegradable option.
These definitely should not be used as coasters. They still look nice though, maybe good for a candle or something.
Nice cases but the color is not what I consider burgundy. It has more of a rusty tone.nit like a burgundy wine color.
It has a really cheap, artificial smell. I use a lot of air fresheners and scented products so it isn't like I am a purist. It was so expensive and to have the smell be barely tolerable is so disappointing. I would not take it if it was free and it definitely was far from free.
Love the product, but I've only used it a handful of times in the last two months and it's already breaking and bending in the middle at one of the joints.
Not bad. Look pretty good when wound into the tree. Not sparkly at all. Packaged well
Haven't had to use these parks but is nice to have the extra parts.
I left it with the missionary I recently visited in Bolivia. I couldn't figure it out, but he did!
I bought this to be more tidy. It doesn't work well with the new type of non-plastic bags out there. For example, in the Bay Area California bags have to be made a certain way and you have to pay for them, and those, for example from Target, do not fit well and are nearly impossible to pull out. This product would work well for the old-school plastic bags that I'm sure are around in other states.
Nice bags, too expensive. There are only 2 bags in a package.
From what I can tell, this is essentially the "Bath" version with a thin veneer of scrubbing pad on one side. There are two cubes of material included with the package. While the "Bath" pad seems to work very well for cleaning rust/hard-water stains, my jury is still out on using this "Kitchen" version for other cleaning purposes - only time will tell. My local big box "Bath" store did not carry this product, but did/does carry the Bath version for half the cost of Amazon. In either case, the product(s) are made out of recycled glass...
Could be thicker but crisp graphics.
It's pretty to look at... the wax melts a little slower than others that I have... but OMG! I accidentally dropped the bowl and when it hit the tile floor, it shattered all over the place! Tiny sharp particles! I've never had one break like it was glass, as this one did.
This is a nice piece of furniture. I only gave it three stars because I would have like to have had more necklace and bracelet space instead of all of the earring holders. This was my mistake since I didn't check more closely.
Too large for the space we have Its to expensive to return so I hung it in the garage and went to Walmart and bought one for $5
Feels nice but did not really give me any added comfort during my flights.
It's ok and does the job, but it's just a plain black frame with the cutouts.
Much smalller than I thought but product works for the most part
way small ... but quality
The pillow is just to dense. It makes laying on it awkward and difficult to use. I would recommend a different pillow that you can contour to your needs.
Just get the brand name filter. They last longer and are taller so they actually humidify the room. These wear out very quickly and stop wicking water.
The shower curtain is water-resistant, not waterproof. Some water gets through.
Rather thin. We had to double it because you could see through it.
The pillow case is super soft. However the standard did not fit my standard pillow.
Very well packet, the flowers arrived in excellent condition. It looks good from faraway but if you look at the flowers from close you will see that the material used to make the flowers is very thin and they do not look natural.
This was a lot shorter than it claims to be! I'm sure I bought the right size... measured my table before purchasing. Aside from the length. It's cute.
I bought this set of rugs because it was similar to another one that I had and loved. The color is not nearly as bright and has a dull, almost dingy look to it. I also noticed after I'd had it a couple of days it is not cut straight. The corners stick out and it really bothers me. However, I really do like the material it is made of and the durability of it.
I ordered this once before for my room, and wanted a matching curtain rod in the living room. However, the diamond was broken of the edge when it arrived. I had to glue it back together before I could use it. It isn't the best looking curtain rod now, but I needed to hang it up...
The shoes boxes were ok. Some came to me broken and I had to trash them. Some I could not close properly so I had to stack box on them to hold them down. Over all, I will not be ordering these again.
Was just as good as any other store wax, not worth the extra cost though!
Great look but the grip is awful! It slips all over the bathroom causing us to slip and fall.
Love this resin for my cup turning. However, the ratios in this batch were off by about an oz. that's a lot considering this needs to be mixed 1:1. I don't till be buying again as this seems to be an ongoing problem.
The unit puts out an adequate amount of heat and it is well made. That being said, it just didn't warm the room as much as I would have liked. It would be great at the office under a desk to warm your feet.
It is too wide to get between the seats of my car. But other areas works well.
Decently heavy. Chinese made. Some of the handles screw on a bit crooked. The color is really just paint, not nickel or steel. Assuming it's just cast iron underneath. The tools are pretty sturdy though and seem to be made well.
The sign is cute, but too small for anyone to read.
Very nice looking but very thin. I ordered extra length and have it doubled. It suited my need and enhanced the look
Like this over the door bathroom holder. I have this in our RV so things wouldn't be left on the floor and it's all within reach and out of the way. Only problem is our shower door is exactly 2” wide and this doesn't completely fit on the door. But it's snug enough to not move and we like the towel holder for the other side.
These were OK. I was hoping they would be more fragrant. My order arrived on time as promised. These are made well and packaged well.
Very beautiful but had to put tape on the bottoms to keep it together
Some came stale...broke easy...the ones that didn't were okay
Was hoping for more plush based on reviews, but this is really a blah topper. I do like that it wraps around the mattress like a fitted sheet. Fits perfect, just flat. If you're going for cloud-like bliss, look elsewhere.
I HAVE NOT RECEIVED THIS YET.
Surprised to find that the fan circulates air all of the time. Compressor does shut off when setpoint is met.
Our 18-year-old towels started falling apart and I couldn't find that brand again. So I started with a set from a big box warehouse store, but the first time through the wash, a lot of threads pulled out, so I returned them. So I went to the other big box warehouse store and bought a set from them, and the same thing happened! First time through the wash and a lot of threads pulled out. I was reading this for a lot of brands from different stores. Ultimately that's how I decided in buying this brand, because it had good reviews and no one mentioned threads pulling out. So I bought a set of six in the Lakeland blue. I know from past experience that new towels shed a lot, so I washed and dried them twice. The first bad thing was I noticed some blue dye in the dryer, so to be safe I threw in a big load of old towels afterwards to wash and dry them. And even after doing that, I put in some brand new light blue sheets, and they ended up getting dye staining on them from the new towels! And these were brand new sheets, never used. So incredibly unhappy about this. I hope this doesn't happen every time I wash these towels. No threads pulled out, so that is the good thing. But my husband and I do not like these towels. Like someone else mentioned, they're almost too soft, like you're drying yourself off with a blanket. And they're not as absorbent as our 18-year-old towels either. And no, I don't use fabric softener or dryer sheets. Also, even though I followed the directions of drying on medium heat, all the washcloths, hand towels, and bath towels shank on the edging by about an inch. They are soft, I'll give you that.
I returned it, not my favorite with many choices on the market. Probably, works well for intended use. Just not my choice, I found it looks prettier on website and not so much in person to me. Material is plastic.
They smelled terrible when arrived we had to wash twice. They clean well I guess
This vacuum works okay, but I found that I had to go over the same place several times to pick up little things off the floor. Maybe that's to be expected as that happened with my previous lightweight vacuum cleaner. I also noticed it would get clogged up with hair very quickly (again, not sure if this is a problem with the vacuum though it was surprising how often I had to cut out the hair) However I also noticed that each time I stopped running the vacuum, it would deposit a small pile of dirt wherever I turned off the vacuum. I also had an extremely dusty area of my house (pulled up an area rug and lots of fine dust had filtered through it onto the floor) and it basically just pushed the dust around. It would leave it in little lines and I had to suck it up with a different handheld vacuum. Overall this was not sufficient to meet my needs. Maybe if you only needed this for very light cleaning and vacuumed a lot so you never had much dust accumulated it would be okay but that problem with leaving dust behind when you shut off the vacuum just seemed like very poor design and somewhat defeats the purposed of vacuuming in the first place. I am going to return this vacuum and purchase a more expensive model
Poorly made. You have to bah the shelves down with a hammer to get them onto the little black rubber ends with the slits.
It is pretty light weight so I am hoping that it holds up well. I didn't expect much more than I got for the price I guess. I just hope it holds five or six bottles of wine I'm supposed to without bending
This fabric was very light and pulls very easily. I cross stitch a lot and did not enjoy it for its intended use. May be okay for light embroidery.
It's a nice idea but it was just too small for my bathroom. It is about 2/3 of the length of a regular towel bar.
On a 4 hour setting the batteries lasted 2 weeks lol that's pathetic. Great candles but it will take a fortune to actually used them over time
Like the picture but mat is to flimsy, made it a picture and placed on the wall instead, works well for me.
The second day (in a row) we used it, didn't hold the air anymore.
They are easy to use but they bend easy and don't stick will to the candle bottoms. I have had to redo candles because the wicks came loose as I was making them. Very frustrating
It was very hard to put together and is actually still in a box.
These are acceptable replacements for Shark Dust Away attachments. They are slightly larger than OEM but don't affect usage. They definitely clean as well. Principal criticism is the subpar sewing on black straps as one pulled off easily during first use. All around they are plenty good for the price but are not as well constructed as Shark pads.
I could only give this 3 stars because...while the resin cured very well and it was super easy to use...the smell is horrible!!! If you are even slightly sensitive to odors or smells...this may not be a good product for you. I had open windows and a door AND A FAN going but still ended up with a terrible headache from the chemical smell. Unfortunately I am unable to use this resin. If you're not sensitive to smells but are looking for a great UV resin, this is worth a try!
Gets stained really easily and rips at the Lacey part easily as well. Feels like a big waste of plastic. Hoping the recycling program in my town will take it. Can't even clean it off well enough to reuse it. Looks nasty after one meal.
One out of three boxes were put together well. I had to fix the other two.
Putting the table together is a real pain in the neck. Directions are not great
I liked that they came in vacuum sealed packaging, however they are very flat compared to what's shown in the picture. Not bad for $13 for two pillows. But slightly disappointed that they weren't at least a little fluffier, even after hours of being out of the packaging. But they'll do for now.
I could be misleading you with this review because I used it for my bbq smoker instead of a furnace, but I figured heat is heat so... I bought this to seal up the gaps in my new smoker (before ever using the smoker). After the first smoke, I never took it over 320 degrees and this stuff started to peel right off. After the second smoke, the rest started to pop and crack and now all the gaps are back.
The hand came off of the thing that holds it upright with in 3 hrs of my son having it.
I really love the look of this. I got it for the sole purpose of holding toys in the living room. The quality for the price is decent. The complaint I have is that one side isn't flush so where the bottom attaches to the side there's about a 1/2 in gap. This makes the shelves also have a small gap. The pegs also don't stay in what so ever. I ended up having to super glue them in since they are small and I have 2 toddlers under 3 running around that could choke on them. So hopefully I never need to move the shelves. Neither is a big enough deal for me to return it. The purpose is served for sure. I do like that it comes with a thing to attach it to the wall so it can't be pulled down. That was a huge plus in my mom book.
The top was tough to put on and broke before I got it together so there is no way to lock it.
Purchased for my mother-in-law who was looking for a 'stay-cool' pillow. She isn't happy with it's cooling ability or lack there of, but not enough to return it.
Was a lot thinner than I thought it was going to be. I guess it can be a summer blanket.
They break easily and do not slide back & forth well.
Came knicked. Really bummed because it's a cute sign.
Only had this for a few days, but so far: a) at the highest fan setting this is quieter then every other humidifier I have owned, so other reviews saying it's noisy are perplexing, b) setup/assembly is very easy, thankfully not too many moving parts, c) as noted in other reviews the tanks are very awkward to fill because they won't stand on their own on the one side (fill side up) - with other models you can just stand the tank in a tub on it's own and fill and cap - not with this one, d) filter does not look like it's going to last an entire winter season but that remains to be seen - why did most of the manufacturers move away from the metal filters that had a clay coating on them? I will tell you why - so they can sell more filters!, e) tanks are not clear so you have really no idea when the tank is getting low on water Can't give it five stars because of the awkwardness of filling the tanks and the inability to see if the tanks are low on water before running out - also filter life TBD.
Would be a 5 star if fitted sheet worked better - not tight enough
These were fun to open but the colors were really fake looking and had no natural shades
I was really hoping to get a nice set of tools to accompany my new Vinyl Plotter. What I got was a bunch of really cheap tools which are essentially dental picks and tweezers. Very uncomfortable to use but it's cheap so you get what you get.
Great IF your cabinets can handle their screws. thats about it
I saw someone with this on the street and had to get it as a gift for a friend who loves watermelon. The fan functions well enough and is easy to hold. The fabric is cheaper than I expected and you can see the glue spots on the fan spines.
The letters are large, but were too short for the wall we wanted to mount on. Looking for a larger or different saying.
These were great as cupcake toppers, but terrible as stickers!
I read reviews and got thinking it would remove stains etc which it hasn't for me. Disappointed.
To high, make it not comfortable.
Smells great but only lasts a couple of hours
Was a gift for my 8-yr-old daughter. Good size for her, but like another reviewer, the jewel in the middle of the hat is off center. Flaw stood out and took away from overall appearance. Got this in sale, so not complaining too much.
It does what it says it will do, It is enough to take hot shave..
I wanted to keep this machine. It looks great. It's very easy to assemble, and it cools down the room quickly. But honestly, it is my worst nightmare. It's so LOUD I cannot sleep with this thing running in my room. Every time the compressor kicks on, a lout grinding sound startles me from sleep. It doesn't have a sleep mode, and the timer doesn't work. I'm returning this item and buying a pedestal fan. Well, the return shipping cost more than the fan.
I would like to just walk away, and let it run. The instruction say that it will overheat if run for over 15 minutes. So how do I prevent it running for over 15 minutes, sit in the room with it the entire time? Not good. I didn't notice this caveat in the product description, but it is there. That's my fault, wouldn't have bought it if I had noticed.
Paper is thinner than expected. Good for pencil or crayon.
These pumpkins were purchased as a centerpiece, but are really quite small. They were very well-packaged by the seller though.
Mine is really beautiful, but when they mean 9.5 inches, that is the length of the wood. The vase is much small. It holds about 1/2 gallon. Mine was not flat across the top but had a neck. I have read other reviews here with the same issue. So I get less water. I may take it to the glass store and have the spout cut off because I want it as a Beta bowl, not a flower vase. It does have speckles of imperfections, but only noticeable when the sun shines on it. Glass is very thick.
The buttons do not match the buttons in the picture. Very disappointed
I knew the dimensions so I knew it was super small but I thought it would be higher quality for the price. Probably only worth $3
Product arrived without hardware, when repacking to return, I noticed that the tape on the bottom of the box was loose and curled. The hardware may have been lost in transit. The stand didn't arrive with instructions either and looked like the plastic holes for the screws might not have longevity as was mentioned by other reviewers.
Nice looking takes up little space. Alarm not loud enough
I felt is was comfortable although my husband wasn't sure how he felt about it. However, the main reason we bought it was because it was supposed to keep the bed cooler and we couldn't tell any difference. We bought it for our motorhome and the back bed can get very warm at night so we were looking for a mattress topper that would help keep it cooler for sleeping during the summer.
This will push down or retrieve whatever you have clogged. It's like using a hangar but just the right shape.
Originally thought this was too small for my shower drain (looks very small) but with the rubber gasket, fits snug in standard shower drains. Now, the reason for the 3 star review, it's much more difficult to clean than the rubber tub shroom and requires more frequent cleanings. I suppose that's the trade-off for not having a moldy hair catcher.
Evidently there is a newer version of the Bona mop and this cartridge does not fit the older version. I have not been able to find cartridges for the older version so I will end up buying a new mop. The mops are great, the 3 star rating is just because this was not what I needed.
They are okay but sorry I ordered 2 sets. Do not fulfill my needs as expected. Will give away.
Too many pieces to put together.
Cheap practice paper; tears when removing tape despite how gingerly I try. I purchased this for watercolor practice and work a lot with wet on wet. I would not consider this paper for anything except for practice. Too smooth for certain watercolor techniques. Doesn't even feel like 140 paper?
The listing says “felt” which led me to believe the entire stocking is felt. It's not. They are flimsy and cheap but for $5, I guess that's expected. They will work for this season.
Not as soft as I expected
A little bigger than I thought
Just opened the package and not too happy that the brush wasn't included in the package.
Hard to figure out which is top or bottom! Messed up several times!
Thought the instruction book was a physical book not access to online version that I had to print. Very disappointed. Vinyl and other items very good quality. Would have ordered other items separately if had known instruction booklet not included.
It's okay but not quality
The print is amazing but when I went to hang it up the fabric tore just a little bit, not noticeable. Worth it.
I gave it a “2” rating on installation because their was no Allen Wrench enclosed with the order like it said there would b.. So I spent $10.00 out of pocket and bought a wrench.. After that it was easy to install..
This was the first painting with diamonds project I have tried. The image pictured is pretty close to the image created when you complete the piece. I have only two complaints. The first: my kit did not come with the applicator, gum, or tray. Second: I didn't receive all of the different colors that are supposed to be included in the kit. I was able to complete the work with the available colors; if you use your eye you can substitute some colors for others and it doesn't effect the outcome of the piece. I ended up using a pair of tweezers as a diamond applicator. This is something that some people who do these regularly have suggested anyway. That being said, once it was done and hung on the wall, it was very beautiful. It's definitely the type of thing that looks pixelated close up but really comes together further away. Despite missing some components as promised by the seller, I made it work and had fun doing this.
Its nice enough...extra long is really not long enough at all for full floor length garments.
It looks nice but falls apart very easily
Picture is a little deceptive. It is very thin (thinner than a bed sheet) and was very wrinkled out of the package. Looks much thicker/fuller in the picture. However, after washing and drying, most of the wrinkles came out. The color is good and same as picture shows.
Pattern is only on one side. The other side is plain gray fabric. Overall quality seems good though.
Probably not a good buy if you have kids or cats. Though, it does fit beautifully on my doors and was the exact thing I needed. The biggest issue is having to be extra gentle when pulling the string to open or close; it'll easily give way.
Looks nice but could use more lights.
Ok for fill in areas on tree. Have to add hangers on .
The color is rich and the cover is soft. It's just not a great closure at the bottom. It buttons about every 6-8 inches and the white duvet bunches out each hole which is t pretty.
Didn't cover as wll as the blog said
setting the alarm and time is a pain, my wife doesn't like it.
Not like the picture at all. The roman numerals are a soft gold, not black. Just took my black magic marker and made them black. the color is so light it is faded baby blue. I only gave it 3 stars for price and because it works. That's it.
The bird worked out, but I wish it had been about the size of a live robin.
The material seems cheap
This ornament is adorable. It was a little smaller than I expected but upon review of the fine print, it is what I ordered. However it was shipped in a box with no packing material. This resulted in it becoming scuffed and a little damaged upon arrival. The ornament was a gift so I was disappointed.
It came with a screw to hold in needle that did not fit. Reaching out to the seller brought no response. I returned it.
Did not work as described. Probably just a good as a Brillo pad.
Good size and angle. It started fraying almost immediately.
Pillows were only used as decorative and fit the bill from that perspective, but the material was a bit thin for the price. They worked well as pillow inserts.
Unfortunately the opener is just a little too small for the bottles I need to open.
This set is not very big and large certificates, photos will not fit in the "keepsake" box.
I over loved it but it was dirty and obviously used.
There was not much on the roll and I had to use random paper in order to cover the gift.
These towels add color to our kitchen, but don't do a great job drying dishes or wiping up water in general.
I like it but I received the wrong color. I'm having to return it and I'm considering trying again for the satin.
I like everything about this holder except the hole drilled to hold the incense was put in at an angle therefore the incense stick isn't directly over the middle of the holder when it burns. Unfortunately, unlike me, it leans to the right. Gotta give it 2 stars for craftsmanship.
I've had the humidifier for a couple of weeks, and I've followed the manual. However, I can't keep the water from seeping into the base of the unit. This is a great concern because I have hardwood floors. Unfortunately, I did not carefully read the reviews before purchase. Other than that, I like it.
I am updating my review after I have used it for a while - it makes my roomba get stuck into the runners and it used to not do that with the original brushes. Consider that when buying.
This is really cute, but it's about half the size I was expecting (my fault, I didn't pay attention to the dimensions...I just went off the pictures). We still use it daily, just not for our intended purpose of storing blankets :)
The box clearly says birthday. I needed these for cupcakes. These are NOT birthday candles. They are too thick. I didn't want to give them a lower score because they are nice looking and the red is pretty.
I like this product, it works fine but it lasted 3 months and broke. It's the second time that I buy and the same thing happens. They should at least sell the mop by itself to replace .
Some came bent and the coating was worn off so the metal shows, as seen in picture. Easy to install.
Not much smell, but it's okay.
This works as stated. I would not buy again though as I have since seen similar products that I like better
As a loupe it works great, the lights are bright and a nice case. However it has listed the item comes with a UV light which is does not.
I have owned this thing since early summer. It worked well enough in our master bedroom as an air conditioner. It never got the room "cold", but it did drop the temperature enough to make it comfortable for sleeping. However, the dehumidifier function is a mystery to me. I planned to use this thing in my garage during the winter months to help keep everything dry (I live in the Pacific Northwest and it rains constantly over winter). I have left it running for about 12 hours in my garage and I check the water trap and it's completely dry. This is during a very wet week with lots of rain, so I can only assume this unit isn't actually grabbing the moisture out of the air like it should. The instructions in the manual are not consistent and I'm not sure if the unit isn't working right, or if I don't have it setup how it wants. The dehumidifier mode is called out a few times in the manual, notably on page 13 and 15. However, there are contradictions on how to setup the unit. Pg 13 says to use the air exhaust hose, but then pg 15 says not to use it. Pg 13 doesn't require the drain hose, but pg 15 does. This isn't the worst manual I've ever seen, but I hate seeing inconsistencies like this and I can't seem to get any firm information on exactly how this thing should be set up to get it to work right in Dehumidifier mode.
Nice sheets, but quite pricey. Had to pay the higher amount because I needed rodeo designed sheets for my granddaughter.
I liked the product but after leaving them on for a while they became dimmer. I added another set could see the difference . I have no idea how long they will last .
Nice but squishes down some eventually
I thought they were ok but wife hates them. She says they stick to you like glue.
Is there a warranty on this product? I installed over a year ago and it worked great and then last week the top of the dispenser fell off. Looks like the tube that goes in the bottle broke off and I can't get it to stay together.
The cover is very cute, the post cards are a nice touch, and its a good sized book. However, I didn't like that the book didn't come already bound, you have to tie it together with a lace they give you in the box which was really awkward. Also the pages inside aren't like an actual scrap book with plastic to cover the pages, so that was disappointing as well. It's alright for a gift, just wish they would have put a lil more effort into it.
Arrived in good time
It offers good support and it's very flexible so you can bend it however feels most comfy. I have slept with it every night since I bought it. I'm about to give birth any day now and I'm not sure if I can go back to sleeping without it after. If they offer you a free pillow case for a review, though, just make sure you use a browser that can do screen shots. They will refuse to honor their promise to send a pillow case unless you send a screen shot, even though the review is public on Amazon for anyone to see. I give the pillow 5 stars and the seller 0, so that's why my review is 3 stars.
I've had the comforter for several moths now. The comforter looks very nice but unfortunately, the threading that gives the comforter the diamond texture comes apart very easily. I have had to cut off many pieces of thread so that I don't snag on them at night. On the plus side, I do like both colors and it keeps me warm at night.
I bought this to cover an existing throw pillow. It's cute and cheap enough that I'll keep it, but probably wouldn't have purchased if I had seen it in person first. Pros: Cute design, colors are nice and bright Cons: Fabric is thinner than I expected so the original design on the pillow shows through on the beige part. Also, I'm concerned about durability long term as the thin fabric seems like it would tear easily. Zipper is on the side of the cover, not on the bottom, so it's always visible.
These curtains are marketed as semi-shear. After installing, it appears they're mostly shear. For my application, I needed semi-shear.
Did not notice any gain in using this tool to remove ash.
The plastic bag was open and the wooden stick ends were hanging out of the package. The ziplock seal wasn't closed!!
Looks good but a corner piece broke during assembly
I had to return these because the 63" ones were not quite 63" and with the rod in there was a gap on the bottom. My other complaint is the material is so stiff. They came packed tightly in a small box and were very wrinkled. As another review said, no points for design or beauty. They do block the light well though. I bought them to replace ones from home goods that are better looking but not darkening.
Really just looks like a huge rhinestone hot glue onto a hook, more of a baby blue color than a turquoise color
Not as heavy as I thought it would be
this unit works good but it was about 1/2 the size I was expecting
I purchased the copper color-way and found that accompanying screws which attach the item to the wall have black heads. No effort at all was made to match the screws to the key holder.
Poor quality control. 4 out of 12 were bent and difficult to use with metal grommets. Otherwise, I like them.
The gear that's part of the soleplate broke after a year. I was hoping it would last as long as the original.
the first pack i bought I LOVED this pack NOT so much it has a protective film of White on a white sheet making it super hard to see thus causing a mess up when cutting, and feels super thick after it is put on
Its OK. I guess my mattress was already soft. I put this on my bed underneath my mattress cover. It is probably more useful when you really need something because your bed is no longer soft. On the other hand, it was exactly as described and arrived quickly and in very good shape.
Feels poorly made, very light weight, weird position of cord, not convenient to use
It was a good product however I did not get enough of two colors to complete the picture.
It is light, super easy to put together and it does take a lot of shoes. UPDATE only a few months after we started to use it, it collapsed as one of the bottom bars somehow bent now it is not supporting the weight of the rack, so off it goes to the bin. It is a shame as I loved the design, how easy to put together and the way it looked.
This comfort is wonderfully warm &is wel made & durable. The only "problem" is that it barely covers the bed! When did king become so small? I remember when quilts & comforters covered the bed & down to the box spring! So, yes, I like it a lot, but it could be better.
Thought scent would last longer
These knobs look fantastic! However, installing them was crazy-frustrating as the internal screw tracks are weak and strip easily, even with using a manual screwdriver. I expect a higher quality for the price.
Definitely not for regular use. Good for kids and hot tub only.
The work really well in my backflow incense holder. I'm not found of the scent. My boyfriend thinks it smells ok I think it smells like burning wood. Great price.
It looks great, but the actual mechanism appears to be very cheap. Both the hour and minute hands are very flimsy. Only giving it 3 stars because it's $20.00.
I bought these a couple of years ago and liked them so much I bought them again. However, the material seems different this time. It's more slippery/cold and synthetic feeling : (
Decent quality, I ordered four packs. I had several come with stains on them from the factory. And a handful more with poor stitching. But the material is good and is absorbent. If for home use then its good, but if youre going to make product and sell this I wouldnt go for it
I love the design but they are VERY thin. They seemed like a higher quality product from the pictures and for the price.
I was a little disappointed by this mattress pad. It is not the same as the pictures, which is misleading. I did everything that the instructions said. I washed it and fluffed it up as much as i could and then dried it in the dryer on low. I put it on the bed and it didn't have any pillowy softness look or feel to it at all. It does have nice material. I will keep it because i used it and have to have a mattress pad.
About 6 came in a unusable condition. They were shipped in a cardboard box with no damage to it. This means that they were shipped and sent out already have ruined.
I'm not sure this cleaner works that much better than soap. I had to scrub REALLY, REALLY hard to get some scuffs off, but it was great for wiping the leather uppers and smooth parts of shoes. Seems overpriced for what it is, but the scrubbing brush and the microfiber cloth are nice additions. Not sure I would purchase again but I will definitely use up the rest of this product.
Service dog vest but its small an over priced
The candles look very real... remote works well. 1 Candle was damaged and now one of the candles stopped working after a few weeks of use.
I ordered this because it has really good reviews, but I am really disappointed. But, maybe it's just me...I have probably purchased 50 pillows in the last year and can't find a good one that feels good on my neck. Just not thrilled.
Pretty paper but thinner than I expected for the price
My nightstand is too small for this huge box!
UPDATE: Threw the sheets in the laundry without the pillow cases, the sheets faded and were a noticeably different color when compared to the pillow cases. They were a beautiful, deep, dark purple before washing and are still very pretty but be sure and always wash them together or they won't match! Not really sure I would purchase again.
Bowl was pretty enough, but had a strong smell (maybe the varnish). The finish was a little rough and uneven. The color was a little more red than I expected. I returned it in favor of another bowl.
The reviews is what made me purchase the product. I will agree the scent is strong up close, but it doesn't do what they say it does. I think I'll just stick to buy Glade plug ins.
Was I confused an bought this used? Don't get me wrong it's a cleaver little stand but... Got it the other day in the mail An I finally opened it today and set it up. 3 cracks in it, dusty and 1 leg was falling off. Not to mention their was a film on it as if someone had a griped cloth (possibly for their laptop to prevent sliding) on it. Also the washers are rusted........??
These are not worth the money, I would say. They look great but they come in folded pieces and then you have to snap them together and they don't stay. They are made poorly and the bottom of them doesn't even line up correctly to hold things in it. They are pretty but not functional. They also have a strange smell that will probably make my clothes smell too.
I really like it but it is missing a bolt to keep the other leg on Hoping someone can contact me about mailing a new bolt. I rigged it but it's wobbly. With out bolt, I guess I'll have to send it back
They are very small, the size of my hand probably if you measure from the top to the bottom.
Nice but only got one pillow sham thought there were 2 in a package. When I went to order another it was sold out
They are OK. Pillow cases have turned pink - I think because of essential oils I like to use at night. This hasn't happened with any other pillow cases we've had.
Product arrived with minor damage to quality of product. Leaked to such extent the box was wet as well.
Very flimsy not what I expected
It doesn't work most of the time. Battery will not stay charged. The docking station will not charge either.
Nice looking piece. When close, can see vents are not painted completely (far too many spots missed). Best used with short or maybe even coiled incense.
It heats up well but looses the WiFi signal a lot. When it works it is nice to use my app and turn up before I get home or off if needed. But it doesn't always work. It did cut down on my bill because I could set times for the temp to be lower when not at home and have the house warm when I got home. My electric heaters do not do that.
I like the color and pattern. But I wanted it for a twin and it came in as a twin/full, too big and heavy.
The rug is soft and an attractive color. Good rubber backing. I am disappointed in that the packaging resulted in very unsightly damage to the rubber strip on one side. I do not know if there is a way to correct this. Plus the very tight plastic strips used to keep the carpet rolled caused visible marks on the carpet. This rug was purchased to use at entryway to living room and looks tacky with the damage. See photos. Update: I decided to return this particular rug because of the damage. May reorder when winter arrives as it does seem like a good product.
This set of embroidery floss came all tangled up and all colors thrown together. I had to dump the whole package out to find the color I wanted.
It looks fantastic. It does not work as well as it looks. This was a bday present for our son last August, the hands had stopped moving and come loose within 3 months. We would tighten the hands all the time, ultimately though, the batteries still work but the hands aren't moving. Great in theory, just needs a little tweaking with the actual product. Really bummed b/c I was hoping this would be awesome and I could order these in the future as presents for friends and family.
Unfortunately, the color was waaaaaaay off. I ordered teal and it is nothing like the photo. I received a very light and pale aqua similar to the color of the old fashioned coke bottles. Plus, some of the stitching for the seam below the grommets on one of them was jagged with snags and extra strings hanging out. I shipped them back. I wanted to like them because I bought 8 and they looked thick enough for the desired privacy on the pergola, but the color was too off to force a fit. Seeking an alternative. I may try the navy. If it's in the dark blue to light blue color spectrum it should work for the look we're seeking.
If you want the product for storage and sparse usage, then I bet it will work fine. I bought these as a tool to teach a toddler how to pick up toys or make a decision on which toys he wants. The handles pop off as easy as the lid does. We are constantly having to snap on the latches.
It looks great but I think the metal is a cheap.
Not quite what I wanted. A little flimsy and delicate. I thought they would be a little heavier and less feminine.
Works great most places. 2 countries the USB-C port won't charge my iPhone X. Not sure why. The other ports work fine. Any suggestions from seller?
Looks nice, the only problem is that it is very hard to take off. Also if you plan on using a Cameo cutter it wont work for smaller things just really big designs
Nice quality, but much darker than photo. I was expecting a light beige background, but it is really a brown background with black lettering.
The finish is a weird gold toned plastic coating, not what I was looking for.
It was good while it lasted
I give it 3 stars cause though the battery life is long, it kinda shorts out & turns off on its own often the closer it gets to dying. Other than that works great!!
Quality and Comfort was not what was described
They are comfortable; good value for price not sure yet about cleaning or durability but hopeful. Discover they really don't cling to the chairs.
The drawers can feel small when you try to take out something from there
It is a decent throw blanket but came with quite the smell of mildew. Luckily a long wash with some Oxyclean took care of that. It works well now in my guest bedroom - especially for the price.
The poster was great, and my son loved it. Just didn't care for the jumbo sized signature in the corner-it isn't shown in the picture.
One worked mediocre, the other not at all needle was bent. I really need these, but now I will have to spend more money to replace the one that does not work. Should have sent it back for a replacement. Was so angry I threw it away.Cant really make an honest review until I get one that works properly.
Poorly made, would have sent it back if my son didn't like it as much as he does.
It wasn't as nice as I thought it would be. But it is OK. It does snag easily.
The picture did not line up. It is pretty but just doesn't line up the way they're supposed to.
It's not the best quality, but it was cheap so in this case, you get what you pay for. The printing of the pillow cover isn't the best.
The first one I returned because the trim wasn't attached all the way around. I love the color it's just what I wanted overall quality not so great.
Came flat with no stuffing
Shipped well and received on time. The end product turned out beautiful but took some work getting there. Quite a few trash drills and lots of popping drills while working on this. I finally stopped trying to fix it and waited until I finished and then immediately sealed
Like:: pretty Dislike:: foam supports wimpy and ineffective, not easy to remove for cleaning, picks easily, included instructions were not clear
its very thin... soft but thin
Great item and fast shipping
This item arrived broken but it is not returnable. There was no packing material in the box at all. Also, this figure looks more like a woman, not a girl.
The cellophane was very thin. When I would unroll it, it would tear in half like cheap invisible tape. I used it to cover my lollipops on stage.
Fine. It's really small and came dented. Way overpriced for what I got.
A bit disappointed that they did not keep their seals for us. When we got to our destination, none of them kept their vacuum seals.
Decent LED lit Merry Christmas string. It runs on batteries (2 x AA). The lights are not very bright. We sent ours back because the battery box case was broke when it arrived.
This is a tall arrangement and was front and center on my table. They looked too artificial.
I purchased two of these because one of my cats rips toilet paper to shreds. It works for protection, but the latch is already broken on one of them after only a couple of uses.
This item was mysteriously returned to Amazon. Both Top Plaza and Amazon responded right away. I appreciate the quick resolution. But would have appreciated the option to re-ship. 3 Stars
like others I found it to be too big for my neck. I'm 5'3 so I am on the smaller Side I ordered it thinking it would be fine and it is but I do not find myself using it very often. I usually prefer using my normal memory foam pillow. The first time I used it my neck felt a little stretched the next day. I thought that the gentle support would be much softer than it is. It is an okay pillow but for the price I would not repurchase.
The portable wardrobe uses nice material to protect your clothes however the plastic pole keeps coming loose which causes my clothes to fall to the floor. I even purchased the huggable hangers because they are light weight. The wardrobe does not hold the poundage advertised.
It is a nice drain cover for large clumps of hair. The metal look is aesthetically pleasing. However, it makes it slick and my loose strands of hair are sliding right through the holes and down the drain. Going to have to go back to the silicone that has some grip to it.
A little bit more cheaply made than they look in the pictures. They are hard to flatten out/uncurl.
Not big enough. The picture they show is B.S. Must be a king size comforter on a queen bed. In reality, there's maybe 8 inches of overhang on the sides, meaning not enough coverage once 2 people are underneath it and the comforter is conforming to the shape of their bodies. Seems to shed a fair amount of filling when washed. Cover fabric is very thin. I don't expect this to last long. I guess that's what you get for a 50 dollar king size comforter.
I didn't think it was comfortable but better than nothing.
These pillows are so strange. When they arrived, we thought there was a problem. They took around 24 hours to totally inflate, when they came they were super flat and packed without air. Anyway, these are "ok" but not really great for daily use.
Smaller than I expected
Unfortunately, this product could not keep up with the flow of water, and I was soon standing in a pool of water. I did appreciate the bonus strainer for the bathroom sink, however, and that works well.
I have wood floors and it picks up the pet hair and dust. The problems I have is that you cannot program the robot outside of the house. So if I'm at work I can't set up the robot to start. Also the auto program isn't that reliable and doesn't have many features. If I change the time for the robot to start, it throws off the entire schedule for the other days of cleaning. You can do only on time per day. Although it does pick up a lot-I don't feel it gets through my entire house without direction. Sometimes the sensors have it do the same area for at least 10 minutes. It was cheaper than many of the other brands but you get what you pay for.
It's ok I will have to order again need large column base next time
The directions were not very clear.
Pillow wasn't supportive enough for my neck to keep me from waking to mess with it. Still looking for pillow to hold up all night, but husband liked them, so their his now. Will keep looking...
These photo albums were fine, especially for the price, but since we are working on preserving on photos and archiving things, we wanted something more durable and better looking. If you are looking for an easy place to store photos, and want to see things inexpensive and basic, this will probably work just fine.
for a picture this detailed it is a bit small for a diamond painting but it was a gift and the person I gave it to likes it.
Not as good as I expected
Ordered purple face paint, received black. It is not eligible for return so am just out the money. Not happy. I managed to get Amazon to refund the money. My daughter says she likes this brand of face paint but does not need or want black.
Nice sheets for the price
Not as bright or as big as I would like it.
Trash! Definitely not worth it. Much worse than I was expecting!
good size. several imperfections including edges that curl up and have not been able to be flattened even after a month of use and laying something heavy on the curled edges
It should come with a window to go with it..cant find one that would look good with it
There were 2/6 that were open and leaking into the plastic and into the shipping box! The scent was not easy to get off my hands (amazing as it is, it's not perfume) and there was nothing to protect this item in transit.
These are very soft and the idea is great but they aren't working well for my babies. They don't keep them tight enough and swaddled so they aren't as comforting as regular or Velcro swaddles. Hoping they will work when my babies get a little bigger and have less moving room in them.
For the price of the tree it's pretty cute however saying it's six foot is very misleading. It's more about five foot with one long piece of tinsel about a foot tall at the top which throws off the size of the rest of the tree because you anticipate it being bigger.
I found this exact Nutcracker at Dollar General for $8.00.
This seemed to work well on glass to get rid of the stains, but when using it on tile and stone it did not work as well. It did get rid of the big white stain, but left an outline of the stain that I was unable to remove. I ended up having to use an acid etch to remove everything and then re-seal the stone. The glass walls everything came off with very little scrubbing. I will continue to use this for glass, but if the stains are really thick or old, sorry even on glass it will not remove them. I tried to use this to remove hard water stains on a glass sink and the hard water deposits just laughed at this stuff. It was as effective as using straight water on them. I think with regular maintenance on a newer shower door, you will have good luck. If you are only trying to clean up old tough deposits, look elsewhere.
The curtains are pretty, but unfortunately the quality is not as great as I was hoping. When trying to put the curtains on the rod, I discovered that the place to insert the rod is not the same width across. The fabric and stitching easily tears, which makes the unevenness even more frustrating.
It's very pretty while it is lit. Unfortunately battery life is very poor. This is particularly a problem because you have to take it apart to change the batteries which is about every two weeks.
Falls off approximately once per week. Otherwise, it's fine.
I ordered the smoke blue. The color is really nice, but I don't not like the fabric that these cases are made from. The description says Sateen, which is what all my sheets & cases are made with and I love Sateen because it's very soft. These are slightly different than normal Sateen, I can quite explain it, and they are somewhat scratchy. I ended up returning them.
The clock isn't bad, but the instructions are terrible. They are actually incorrect for how to set the time zone. For as long as Americans have been importing, one would think Chinese to English translators would have figured things out by now.
Delivered as promised...they don't stand up well or close securely
It seems to be hit or miss on whether they come with the replacement jaws. Mine did not. I needed them right away so did not send back. However, I did write the seller almost 3 weeks ago about the replacement jaws but have heard nothing from them. I do like the pliers and would say they work perfectly for what I need. If I ever get the replacement jaws this would be a 5 star item.
Thread is so much thinner than I expected.
This basket would have been perfect if the bolts weren't so tightly screwed on to the rods (which you have to unscrew to assemble). Even with power tools I had a lot of trouble unscrewing the bolts from the rods and ended up scratching up my fingers and having the paint chip off from the metal rods...not to mention my basket wasn't sturdy enough
Not soft at all. They felt like linen.
Too big for my 'love seat'....oh well, should have measured more closely.
Standard 13 gallon Glad tie bags don't fit this trash can. Three corners will fit, at the very most.
It somewhat represent a little of white tea i smelled at Westin but this has a much stronger note. The Green tea was much more pleasing and easier for most people. I strongly recommend the green tea fragrance by the same brand.
Item was delivered without any instructions.
This sheet is soft and comfortable. However, it is a little dirty. It was stained in several places, which makes it doesn't look like a new product.
Just washed sheets. They were not as soft as I had hoped but maybe next wash I will use fabric softener .
I have a 13" mattress. The fitted sheet is way to big. After washing and putting on bed it is very loose and sloppy!!!
The holder is made cheap. It wobbles when set up
Initially I was very impressed. Unfortunately, in a well lit room and you can see all of the mistakes in the paint/stain. I had to put it in an area that does not get as much light because it looks terrible when the sunlight or any light hits it. The carving is very well done, but that does not matter if you cannot put it where you want it.
The Pink Floyd one was missing the pyramid point, the pictures are poor but still love them
I bought this and a venta at the same time, for two different rooms in my house. The venta was expensive, but considering the cost of filters it may be the cheaper option over time. The venta uses a big plastic filter that it continually rotates to keep wet. The honeywell uses a disposable paper filter. The big issues is, the honeywell filter only lasts a week or two before mold starts to appear. (YMMV) Then your option is to spend $12 on a new filter, or risk your health. It's kinda like buying a modem for internet. You still have to pay for the service, which over time is vastly more expensive than the hardware. in case anyone is curious, they both do a good job humidifying, both are easy to clean (not counting the paper filters), though the venta is quieter. I would rate the honeywell higher, but the filters are way way overpriced.
Not a bad price, but one of them broke after very little use.
Not very soft and hot sleeping. Hopefully they will get better with time
It is beautiful. However, it started leaking and I had to spray adhesives on it.
Overall product is good quality. But it's too thick to be used as a shower curtain rod as shown in by picture. The rings do not slide easily across the bar. I have tried two different rings to no avail. I may use it somewhere else, but I do not recommend it as a shower curtain rod which is why I'm only giving three stars even.
The adhesive that came with this did not hold.
After seeing that the covers say good for fabric, I did a test. I blotted a white wash cloth on the green ink pad and then put the wash cloth through a washing machine cycle, detergent and all. The wash cloth is still green. Less than what it was, but still distinctly green. Do not buy if you are looking for ink pads that won't stain clothes.
The mat seems to be of fine quality, suctions-on to the tub fairly well with some minor floating-up. The weird thing is that if you relax on it for a bit the spaces/pattern of the foam mat will actually imprint on your skin. It's like it gives you tiny hickies all over your back in the grid foam pattern. Very weird and a little upsetting. Also, you can feel the hard suction cup structure through the mat in some positions. Those criticisms aside, it's sturdy and of good quality and I like the pillow aspect.
Maybe a little air dry would help. I found it to be pretty slimy and a little too loose. It did ok on the keyboard, would no way would I use it in car detailing. You could lose some down a vent or globs in small crevices. I won't be re-ordering.
Not as shiny as i was expecting and doesnt seem the cost for such little amout of yarn
Thought I was getting votive holders because of the picture but instead got votive candles. Yikes. I do notice it's in the description now that it's too late. The candles are ok but I don't need them.
Maybe not the best for flight travel checking... (More for carry on.)
they are nice placemats but they come rolled up tight instead of flat. It will take some time for them to flatten out. The silver is a dull silver, not bright.
This light wheel was alright but keep coming undone and I had to keep screwing the nut tighter. It did look nice coloring my little silver tree.
Arrived without mounting bracket. Good for very crumbs and little more. Does not pick up dog hair very well.machine is quite heavy. Still easier than lugging out the corded vacuum for small jobs.
The trash can seems to work well. I dropped the rating because I ordered Stainless Steel and received Black. It seems to work, so I'll be keeping it, but I would have preferred what I had ordered.
Nice little vacuum. I can easily carry around and doesn't take a lot space. I mainly use for vacuum my car floor and it can easily reach those small area and corners.
I do like these, but the picture is very deceptive, I was expecting to get dark amethyst, when they were extremely light.
Works as intended to catch hair but gets grimy quickly. Many times causes water to back up. Have to clean it off pretty much daily
It's good, but not worth the expense. It's not THAT good.
After reading all the reviews I tried not to buy online but no one had this in stock so i was force to buy online...and it was delivered with the housing smashed other than that it works great
Next time I would opt for a higher quality rug.
On can #2. Had the first one for less than a month and the pedal/lid failed. In true amazon fashion, they made good on purchase. Sent me a new van right away and let me keep old one until new one came. Worked out well bc I discarded the box from the first 2 weeks prior to it failing. Can looks great and holds quite a bit of garbage, just hoping this one holds up. Still trying to find a bag that fits it as well as then simple human sample bags that come with it. Seems like all bags that should fit, come up a tad short.
not happy with this vacuum accessory the pick up vent should be bigger too narrow
Cant really write an honest review because a $15 passport wallet arrived instead. it's a nice wallet though.
It's ok pictures was a little darker than expected
Very thin... not as shown...
My grandkids love them but I was very disappointed the Front pocket was all open at the bottom and I had to sew it before I could give them as a gift
I was really hoping this would be like the photo and overall it is except for the fact that despite LOTS of ironing to get rid of the folds from packaging, it will not lay totally flat. The material is very very thick and poufs up a little across areas. Not a lot by any means but enough to make it a bit cheap looking. Such a bummer for such a cute black and white stripe table runner.
Just used the mop. Wasn't thrilled with the efficiency. Had to scrub with bristle brush.
Smells more like a chemical additive than an old school pumpkin candle. Nice packaging - nice containers. Would make a good holiday gift for the person who is “meh” on your list.
It is a very soft and beautiful pillow cover but it was not the color I was looking for. The pillow pictured (blue green) is a very vibrant color but that is not how it looked when I received it (see picture). If you aren't too picky about color then this is a great buy but I want a certain color for my couch so I will keep looking.
They're nice pillow covers, but I purchased 5 grey, and 3 blue. After one wash all the grey had a thread pull loose (like a run in the fabric) in the same place. I think it may be a defective batch?
Did not like product, no support, too flat. I followed instructions and still dissatisfied with product. Pillows seem to be well made though, and shipping was prompt.
Frankly speaking, junk! Awful quality. Don't buy. Cheaply designed.
Plates, cups and bowls are perfect but the silverware is just as big as regular silverware. Not very good for a toddler
I liked the turner itself but the motor quit working the 2nd time I turned it on, I called amazon and couldn't get a replacement due to this item being out of stock, so I was a little disappointed about the motor.
For the most part liked the item but they are not very sturdy as one ripped and another was received with the zipper damaged so could not use 2 out of 4 of them.
The diamond beads were riddled with flaws such as the colors are not all the same shade in one bag (number 7 looks like a few different shades),several small holes, lack of shine, jagged edges, several melted together, and black spots. The cover up provided on the other side of the sticky is not clear and makes it very difficult to work. The sticky actually came off when trying to peel the white paper off. I managed to stick it back. The box smelled of mildew and was very unpleasant. The green bead tray has an opening at the pointy end, I am assuming to make it easier to pour however, it made spilling the beads much easier. The size of the tray is great though. From what I have seen if the quality of the beads were better it would turn out looking great.
Half of them were perfect. The other half had there top caved in, wierd! I would love to send back or send its picture!
It's probably neglect on my half from night reading dimensions if there even is any. I just assumed that it was a full mat for tye bathtub , but it only covers the very middle of the bathtub, not the entire tub floor. This is not a full sized standard tub mat, will only cover entire tub bottom if you have a very tiny tub. It's still adorable though. Will use it ? But have to be careful baby and toddler doesn't stand up and slip on sides of tub which is why I bought this mat. Will be purchasing full mat next time and check dimensions. To be honest though I don't remember seeing any dimensions. Makes not a lot of sense to me that you would not cover the entire tub floor
The suction cups always come unstuck. I even had one of them replaced and still comes unstuck. Kind of a pain, but otherwise, nice quality.
It is good to accomplish its purpose however it is extremely think. Not the best to use off the table (to use on your lap for instance it is not the best choice)
Mine arrived chipped and the seller does not accept returns or refunds for some reason. Having said that, the Darice porcelain palette is usually quite nice and very convenient in its smaller size. Very unfortunate that it arrived in less than perfect condition though.
I thought that beeswax candles were supposed to burn a bit more slowly... especially for the price. They have dripped a bit too, which I also thought was not supposed to happen with beeswax candles. Other than that - they are nice and do smell nice.
Not exactly what I expected
Product is fine; shipping took almost 3 weeks!
Decent looking.. would not mistaken for high quality
I bought this clock in April, and it worked fine, but then Over the past month it died, so I replaced the batteries and set the time. Then it died again. And again. I tried 8 new batteries and it still dies after a day. This clock is fully plastic, which hangs lightly on a wall. It's silent, and the second hand rotates at a steady speed.
We purchased this garbage can for our kitchen to sit next to white cabinets. It blends nicely with the cabinets. It says that it's for 13-18 gallon bags, but 30 gallon bags actually touch the bottom of the can. Other bags were far too small. One other issue that that the company makes you purchase the hardwire plugin cord separately, and required battery use until that is purchased.
This paper was ok, but NOT perfectly square, which is a huge problem when you're doing origami with kids! Fix this and the product would be great.
This width is not as wide as the pictures shows but still beautiful
Packaging and Labeling not in English. I do not read German. Hopefully product is same as I used before.
Liked the concept of the twist but on my third and item broke before bristles wore out. Will not be purchasing again.
I haven't found the trick on how to keep snap back hats from bunching up to to the top. Those type of hats can get wrinkled
The 'flame' glows too orangey. One came with no battery. Other than that, they work but I wouldn't buy them again.
The case itself seems to be fairly well made and durable. The materials are not expensive but not overly cheap either. My biggest problem is that the box it came in had clearly already been used. It was torn, taped up, scuffed and dented, and there was no outer box. Just some packing slips taped to the Glenor box. Absolutely no way I'd give this as a gift in its current state.
I have ordered these before. This time they seem to be loose in the machine. I question whether they are working appropriately because it seems like air could be getting past the filters around the edges.
Good iron for the money but a big drawback is the length of the power cord. I have to use an extension cord just to be able to iron without being restricted by the short cord.
Its good for the price. Quality is okay. Its very average for storing photos if you have them a lot.
There a nice concept but they were impossible to move in.
The blanket is too small, like a small square and the odd plastic buttons on it are cold when the blanket is hot and I find that to be strange.
Smaller than my king size bed. Would fit a queen Bette.
Awesome material. But it's a smidge to small for my clients bed. U gotta work at it. But. Sadly they fit better than the home n garden I got on clearance at Walmart. So this was the better buy for the two that I got for my client I pre washed and didn't use high heat to dry. So I know I didn't shrink them
I love the color I chose (dark cyan) and the fabric is really soft. It fit the sofa frame very well. I gave the review a three star because the instruction video is quite misleading in that the seat cover is not a slide over or zippered cover. It's just a fitted sheet style cover that doesn't fit very well. One note, if you sit on your couch often then I suggest getting tacks to keep the elastic in place on the underside of your couch. It seems to produce static cling with clothing and pops off on the lower corners.
Bought this one too small. It is really a pretty table cloth but too short but will try and use it over a larger white cloth.
They're nice rugs that you can wash without the worry of them shredding quickly, but the rugs are crooked.
pretty but very complicated to paint and stay in the very tiny areas.
This fan looks like it'll deliver a nice breeze, but it is pretty weak! Not worth the money, really. Such a bummer!
Works well. It's a towel, so it doesn't have much to live up to. However, I've noticed that it fuzzes WAY more than other towel brands after the first few washes. Also, I ordered "Sage Green" just know that it's more of a vibrant green.
too much glitter! But otherwise beautiful.
We like this French press but the color didn't work. A few more washings and the poorly applied color coating will be completely gone and we'll have a French press that looks as good as it works. Buy the stainless one. The colors are a fail.
Good to store things, be careful cause they crack easily and the handles come off easily as well.
The only reason I'm not giving them 5 stars is because I had to buy them twice and both times they were defective in some way. The first set had one without a bottom. The second set had a hook that was bent out of shape and wouldn't hold on to the basket. If they had not been defective, they're high quality and a nice color.
Does a mediocre job on floors... the mapping AI isn't great and it often goes back over its path and misses others. Also doesn't seem to do it's scheduled jobs.
Cute but very very small for the money
Neither one of my orders came with light. How do I get the lights ?
Didn't work as expected
Very cute and fun to work with however the faces fade off within a couple of days of wearing them on a bracelet
Over priced!! These things are 5 bucks a piece at Target!!
I was excited about getting an advent calendar for the family, and, honestly, this one has a very reasonable price. About 1/4 of the drawers are very difficult to open - you have to really work at it. We just received it, and one of the little ball handles has already come off, and had to be glued back on. The quality is pretty low, honestly. It does look nice, and light up. Unfortunately- despite the good price, I would not recommend this product.
It's not as big as it looks like in the picture. It's actaully the size of an average person body or a little bit smaller
Works ok, but not great. I rarely use them now and wont buy again.
Picture quality isnt as sharp. Plus, it's very thin and the top and bottom pieces look cheap
It's very pretty but poor packaging.. I need to glue some parts that fell off from the gingerbread man.. try to add a little bit more tlc with your packaging.. thanks
I like the size and the shelves are deep enough for cuff bracelets. However the necklace hangers on the mirror size are positioned just above shelf rails along the back -- so I can't put any of my chunky necklaces there as they prevent the door from closing. Since I bought it specifically for hanging my chunky necklaces -- they don't fit well in a jewelry box -- I'm very disappointed by that. I'm going to try to figure out a way to convert one of the earring rails to hold necklaces but I'm disappointed that I have to do that.
Was expecting a lot more air flow at a higher rate. Gave it away, not what satisfied with the performance.
I did have a 5 but after 3 months the tie straps broke. It was Not abused.
This clock looks exactly like a Movado watch I really do like the style. However, it is very noisy
Print is only on one side.. but still beautiful
I was contacted by the seller wanting to make this right for me. It just didn't fit my sink drain. I was under the impression that it would fit, but it did not.
the Velcro needed to be switched around. The hat covered the eyes and you chad to be exact about placing the pieces one. We have a Christmas tree one also and they had the sticky part of Velcro on the pieces and they were able to stick on where ever she wanted to put them.
Nice but whammy bar fell off immediately
I wanted the type you patch from inside out and these are standard patches.
These glasses look better in the pictures than the actual glasses. I think they look a bit cheap for the price. They did arrive fast.
It works, and is cream colored as advertised, but I thought I purchased one that looked like the one in the picture. I received a different item. I wanted the one in the pictures since it was smooth all around, but instead, received one that has a design on it. A bit disappointed.
This is ok...smells a little chemically. The carpet feels fresher after using.
Price was good but the quality is pretty poor... the picture taken after like week of usage.
Since I paid less than five dollars for each bin I will give them three stars instead of 2. However These are really flimsy and definitely will not hold up to the test of time. I would not purchase these again. Had I seen them in person I would not have purchased them. I would prefer something sturdier. Not sure what people would put in these because they will not hold for very long.
So super cute but definitely smaller then I was expecting
Fits ok so far but doesn't seem like it's an official replacement part. The straws themselves are kind of flimsy and the top part, although it fits, is slightly different in mold. Works but I wish I'd have known it wasn't quite the same.
Item arrived slightly warped. Easy to fix. However, the lid just sits on top and easily moves and even falls off if bumped slightly.
These towels were great at first. Quick drying and super absorbent. I use them for drying off after showering. However, a few months in now and even after washing a drying the towels, they have a moldy smell to them. Looks like I'll be going back to regular towels.
Like it picture quality a little blurry.
May be OK for children, I don't know, but as a tactile aid for blind it is not useful. The letters do not stand out well enough and the braille is hard to read.
Very hard to assemble hurt myself a lot
This product was so close to perfect but it has one big flaw as a mat for rolling out fondant that I'm surprised no one else pointed out. Then again, I guess there aren't that many reviews by bakers for this item. The mat is thin, the edges don't look like they will fray, it sticks perfect my table and counter top, it nicely folds away for storage. It was going so well and then I rolled out my fondant. I like to use my mats for not only rolling, but also placing the fondant on the cake, so the side that is facing the fondant ends up on the outside. Well, I discovered, as I was placing the fondant on the cake, the fondant was imprinted with all the lines and groves of the measurement markings and the little circles. Why?! It was so close to being THE One. None of my other mats do this so I was surprised. Alas, the search continues for a good mat for rolling out my fondant for my large cakes.
Not very waterproof for something that goes in a restroom
I was not aware when I purchased this that the unit waists more water than it purifies, it is however the cheapest RO unit I could find.
Pretty color just really bulky &heavy
The color and size are perfect but it seems to be grabbing a lot of dirt and starting to lift at one end. I still love it tho it's perfect for where I needed one
First of all, the slipcover was so soft and I wanted it to fit so badly! I have an oversized faux leather sofa and I measured based on the specifications but unfortunately it did not fit.
this is another product i have a love hate relationship with. it is incredibly strong and sturdy. the issue i have is since there is no velvet material, when taking one pair of pants off they all come off.. let me tell you, i had a hard enough time getting them on the hanger in the first place. Proceed with caution: for advanced users only.
Pretty lumpy but I'm glad it has a zipper so I could remove some of the stuffing
Oh they stayed up in the truck. All right it's the blinds that broke spend your money on drapes
This is not 6ft more like 5”5
The sheets feel nice but move on the bed. The corners are the only part that tucks. The rest of the sheet is cut to set on the top of ther mattress which allows it to move. Would not have purchased if I knew they were cut like this. Not returning them tho.
Smaller than I expected. Costco Kirkland toilet paper barely fits (thickness)
The fan works great but is hard to clean. Also it fell over a few times because it is not perfectly stable. it Fell once more and fan was shredded sending out shrapnel all over the place.
Put this this device in my bathroom it warms up the bathroom pretty good I recommend this device for small bathrooms
Great theory, and i have had many friends that loves the product, but for me it just didn't work. It didn't give me any more comfort, it just added one more bulky thing to a bulky body for me. May have just been the position of my baby so I don't want to be too harsh on this review though. I desperately wanted it to work, but nothing really helped with my back pain. It also seemed to be a little too long for me so it was either pressing into my breasts or pushing my legs down. I gave to a friend after my baby was born with hopes that it would get more than a night or two's use.
some bags do not hold the seal well and become re-inflated.
The tablecloth was not like the picture. Mine was a darker, duller green. It was festive enough for christmas though. Thin fabric. Will probably was well
The curtain I received is a rose color, not bone, which should be white...not pink. Otherwise it's a shower curtain and works like it should.
Really nice looking pieces. Unfortunately did not go well with the décor
I disliked that the bottom part came broke. When received but didn't realize till a week later after I used it and finally was going to empty it but couldn't get the part out of the vacuum cuz the latch was broken
Love the look but was disappointed that it is all plastic!
It somewhat fix the machine but now we have a loud noise when we use it
For this to be as big as it is, it only runs 75-90 minutes. Once the water gets 1/2 way down, it stops. I can get 4-6 hours on diffusers 1/2 that size.
This one was just too big around and the wire pitch was too wide for my Shark Pet vacuum. I ended cutting the old one and reinstalling. It will probably work on one of my other vacuums.
Not as soft as I like my sheets to be.
doesnt work with carpet, bad desgin. I had to try it for myself since no one else tried it with carpet. At least they gave me a refund after seeing that I was unhappy with the product.
These are nice color to the bags but I was a little disappointed simple because they were smaller thank I thought there were gonna be.
I have never used a copper cleaner. For me it was very messy to use. I used it 3x so far and still not happy with it. The cream is so thick and maybe I'm applying to much but very heard to get off item when used. I also don't see any difference of giving it a shine after use.
Put the bed together myself. Took 4.5 hrs, but fairly easy, following directions. Sturdy frame, which is hard to find these days, even in the best of furniture stores. As you can see in the photo, you cannot really see the headboard. I need a thinner mattress.
I love the design, but they really don't seem to work well as a diffuser. I put the essential oil on the pad provided, put it into the diffuser, clipped it onto the vent, smelled the lovely sent for a little bit, then the next time I got in my car, I couldn't really smell anything at all.
Love the piece but some parts were broken off and will need repair.
Mounted directly to the windshield it holds pretty good. The joints are pretty cheap and the whole unit bounces around a lot. When I first took it out of the box, the pads that hold the device in place where not on correctly. One of them had fallen off and stuck to the side of the box, rendering it useless. "Fixed" it by placing 2m tape on it to pad the phone. Overall it's ok at best. Charges fine.
Ok. I was hoping that it would have been fuller.
Will do the job but snap swivels are very large.
I would spring extra money for a sturdier one. When it turns the whole thing moves. I had to use some command strips on the bottom to keep it from moving and actually make it turn like it's supposed to.
Misleading information, these are way to small for necklaces.
These are great chair covers! Only reason I took off two stars is they are very strangely sized. I planned on doing an alternate electric blue (peacock) and brown look, so I bought four of each. The brown ones are too tight to fit all the way to the bottom of the front of my chairs, while the blue ones are a tad too big. Strange! Another reviewer mentioned there's no crease in the chair seat section, and she was reviewing the brown ones. I found they are two different sizes.
Not bad for how cheap this many pieces are! However, after wearing these hooks for 20 minutes my ears starting getting itchy and have remained that way for the last 2 days (I'm allergic to nickel). Definitely only good for short-term wear, but it works for now since I'm practicing making earrings.
We ordered three of these sliding cabinet organizers. One of them came with hardware completely different (and not listed in the installation guide) than the other two. I've contacted the Rev-a-Shelf company, as directed, to have correct parts sent out. To date, I've not heard from the company at all. UPDATE: within about a week after contacting customer service about the incorrect hardware, I received exactly what was needed.
Smaller size squares than expected but works well.
They did not fit. They definitely didn't stay in place. They have become dog beds, which makes the dogs happy. The fabric was as advertised, which is why they have become dog beds.
Not horrible for the price. Luckily I only needed 15 frames because 2 of the plastic inserts were scratched bad. 1 had a crack in it. Unfortunately I didnt have time to sent them back for new ones. They worked for the project I needed them for.
I never received the string or tie.
Noisy. Imo, The only good thing about this fan is the remote.
Was low quality and virtually see through. We kept it but wouldn't recommend purchasing.
I ordered this in August, but I did check if all the parts were there. The straws & brushes were not in there. So when I bought the mason jars to make now, it won't work, because no straws. Very disappointed.
Purchased this for my son as a house warming gift. He said the material is rather thin.
I loved the idea of the gadget. It is very nice indeed. The problem I encountered was the bolt included for the long stem did not fit at all!!! ;o( I thought I was doing something wrong, but no! it was not me. I took the entire thing to Home Depot and asked what I was doing wrong? but it was not me, the bolt included did not fit at all, it was too small. I had to buy a piece that worked. It is in my bathroom now and I am happy with it.
It works great but sometimes it looses connection to the outside weather sensor also when it come to walls the sensor can not be very far alway from the digital sensor because otherwise it will loose connection
Great fan while it lasted. Nice and quiet. But, after 10 months one fan quit working, and after another 5 months another one quit. I'm going to contact Holmes to see if they actually honor their 5 year warranty.
It is much smaller than the pitchers shows. It is very pretty, and washes well.
Best mop vacuum, I had ever purchased for 3 months. I just turned it on and it started smoking from the motor. I've contacted bissell, I'll post what they do about it.
Ordered this for myself, it barely sticks and half the time I'm having to wet and re stick it because it's falling.
This mold is okay and looks like advertised. I thought it would be bigger. The mold is fine for dog treats I guess. I is too small for my needs. I was looking for a paw print mold for making soap. Soap out of this mold would be too small.
These are so cute. We were so excited for them.....I followed every step and within 48 hours, 3 have already come off and several others are sure to follow. I am really disappointed. Looks like I'm going back to the bath mat.
I have mixed feelings on this item. We received the item & it looks great, however the typed description is incorrect. It says it comes with a 2018 metal tag, however both I received had a 2016 metal tag (like in the photos). I didn't realize this until after I had gifted & saw it was 2016. Kind of embarrassing, but also got a good laugh. Would've given it 5 stars if metal tag was the current year as the typed description says.
This is great for heat, I love what a good job it does. BUT it's squeaky as all get out. I thought it would go away after a couple days, but nope. And it gets too hot in one spot if I don't have the "turn" option turned on. I'm pretty frustrated because I was expecting a quiet heater... This is not that. The whole office can hear it, it's embarrassing. Ugh.
Overall this is a sleek, attractive, quiet clock. The thermometer and hydrometer never seem to adjust, though, despite my digital devices adjusting throughout the day, after a shower, etc. Not a huge concern for me, though. They did adjust once, when they came in from the cold after delivery - so they must be relatively accurate.
They are rather flimsy but get the job done
Advertised as multi color bulbs but arrived all white bulbs. This is not a deal breaker but I would have liked the multi color bulbs! Otherwise I like the functions, they have decent brightness.
Work well enough but easily weighed down by even slightly heavier shoes, and seems very tiny. I wear a men's 10 and a lot of dress shoes barely fit.
Some of the pens didnt work :(
Received broken base. Let's see how the replacement goes.
While the cup itself is a great color and sturdy, DO NOT trust the lids they provide. As you can see the open/close tab completely has come off on not 1 but both of the cups I have. The first one came off after going through the dishwasher one week after I received, and then the second fell off this week (2 months after purchase) after handwashing it only. Very cheap lids which really drags down the quality of what could be a great product.
After owning for less than 5 months, my product is no longer working consistently. The machine will turn on, and make the bubbling sound, however, nothing, no scent, comes out. Quite disappointed as it was a nice machine while it lasted.
One of my brushes was totally mangled when I opened the package. No amount of hot water, clips, or weights has been able to reshape the bristles.
Cute but came a lot lighter in color than the picture shows.
Waterproof, but will NOT stay in place very well at all. I expected more for the price. Very disappointed.
Not as soft as I was hoping. If you wash and dry it, it will fluff for about a day, and then looks pretty flattened until the next time it gets washed. Cute for a small bathroom, but lackluster.
I thought they were stackable. Asked question to customer & one said yes so ordered them
Material is a plastic feeling vinyl and the color is less yellow and much more orange/gold
Has a hard time staying on base.
I was disappointed with this product. When we opened it up there was a black mark that is clearly visible on the gray area of the comforter. It looks like someone accidentally marked it with a sharpie. The blue also doesn't pop as much as it does in the picture.
Chain discolored within a day
First one I tried the sprayer wouldn't work. Second one was fine. Haven't tried the rest
One of the candles does not work! Would have given 5 stars, but am unhappy about the one candle.
Nice quality, easy to intall and makes the room a little bit darker but I wouldn't call these black out curtains.
Seller claims: [ Right Size] Fitting Standard US tissue size and with round opening design. This is not accurate. A standard sized US tissue box will NOT fit in this cover. Yes, you can take the tissues out of the packaging and place into this holder as one other customer stated, but I don't like the idea of my tissues coming in contact with the wooden inside of this holder. If the holder accommodated standard tissue boxes, I would have given this item 5 stars.
This heater works pretty well. I had some trouble at first. I set it to 74 degrees and once it got there it just turned the fan on. I set the temp at the highest setting and it is now heating up my room. Works well and fast once I figured it out.
Pills badly, zipper ripped when I put it on, but it covers the pillow fine
Sheets are very thin
Not a fan. The color is dull and the quality is not what i expected for it just to be a case
They are okay , but have the odor of vanilla icing ( sweet , sugary) versus French vanilla.
You get what you pay for.
If you only have very light dust, they may work. But I find that they tend to smear the dust around and not pick it all up making it not that easy or effective to use
Cute shelf but poor quality. The shelf arrived with a broken piece luckily I could still put it together but it's wobbly and the shelves don't sit even. It was even to assemble though.
It is very loud. But I know hundreds of others have said the same thing.
With this purchase I've learnt the poly isn't for me. I prefer cotton sheets. Some say these are breathable but I'm not a fan,
I love the colors. The difference is nice. It's not as nice as I thought it was going to be. It's an ok set that will make due until I find what I want, I guess. Treading on comforter was coming apart in 2 places after 1 washing on gentle bedding cycle and low dry. I hung out to dry the rest of the way. Second washing only got worse. Sheets and pillows cases are better, but not as soft as advertised.
Not a bad product but too big for travel. Basic use for daily use in the kitchen. But the pour tab doesnt close
Still had to buy a rubber mat to divert the water to the sink. Otherwise serves it purpose.
i let this run for 3 days and it took less than a 1/3 cup of water outta the air
This is the third set of these I have purchased, unfortunately, this set has one butterfly that won't light up. I am not one to return things, so this one butterfly is all I see when I look at this set.
Nice size bunch. Good price. Pretty fall colors. Quite scrunched up. Difficult to get flowers to look pretty and fluffed.
Love this product however was disappointed when I opened the box and one of the bottles had emptied into the plastic wrap and was almost completely empty. What a mess having to clean up and what a waste of product.
It's a beautiful concept. However I wish the color was rich/bold as depicted in the advertisement. Due to the delay in shipment I went out and grabbed another shower curtain. I decided to put them together as shown in my picture.
It's a nice looking tree overall, however there are not enough lights on this tree. The middle section is bare. I had to add more lights. The stand is plastic which cheapens the look but easily fixed with a small tree skirt.
I burned my arm real bad with this not very safe.
Little flimsy, but its okay. It gets the job done. I would say good for a beginner like me. Got to me fast and was in perfect condition.
This is a cool organizer but it had a terrible smell for days after arrival. I bought two and put them outside for several days and the stench eventually dissipated.
Shipment was a week late with very little tracking info. strands are much thinner than pictured. Some branches had even completely fallen off thankfully they're wire so I just wrapped them back on but not super happy that I'll have to do that every year. But for the price it's ok. I'm still going to use it. Looks good enough to still use
Very soft but also very thin
have not used them yet, purchased them for use on the beach, going to put my radio in one keep sand out cd player/radio etc. seem to feel like made with good material
Simple to install and does the job, kind of. They seem like they give a somewhat snug fit but it really doesn't take a heavy landing for them to pop off. If you put just a dab of glue I'm sure they would do the job just fine but also become a permanent attachment. They definitely help keep the camera from smacking objects while landing.. Till they pop off.
The product didn't even come with screws?! And the links on the sign had to be crimped together because they were all separated. I expected more out of this product
The parts didn't fit together exactly so we have gaps. The bottom selves were a nightmare to put together and then after a few weeks I had to get some gorilla glue and clamp to get it to stay together. There wasn't a number to call to get any replacement parts that would fit properly.
I like the product but as others have stated its hard to fasten to the back of the couch to stay in place. The elastics don't really hold it there. I like the material and it washes easily, but I'm constantly readjusting it. We do have a two year old jumping on it but even my husband when he sits on it pulls it out from the back.
Big unit. Was glad I bought the support shelf to go with it. As many others have commented, needs to be packed better. Corners were dented and bent in shipping. I straightened them out and then everything worked fine.
I like the design, but the red was not really red.
Not all that robust. It doesn't seem capable of handling the weigh suggested on TV, but otherwise OK. The one problem I did encounter is that the handle is too short for going up and down stairs. I'm only 5'8" tall and had to bend over to pull it up the stairs. My wife is shorter than me and also found the handle too short for average stairs.
I expected a little more. The product was just ok. The quality is lacking. It seems to have a less than 10 time use
Not all these are covered in glitter, but one third or so is. They leave glitter on your fingers and everywhere else in the house. If you like it, have fun. I had to clean it off my tree and my carpet.
Bought it when I purchased my steamer. Scent was very minimal. Won't purchase again. Changed to distilled water. It's a lot cheaper & goes a lot farther.
Everything about this comforter is perfect except for the fact that the one I got doesn't have any loops for connecting it to a duvet cover, so it's bunching up in the cover pretty immediately. I don't know if I got a defect or what, but it would be perfect with loops.
The frame didn't work for what I needed, but I am most disappointed in being charged over $10.00 in shipping for its return. I didn't see that anywhere in the description and it surely would have made a difference in my ordering from this company. Very disappointed.... I am a very avid Amazon purchaser and this is the only time I have been charged for a return....
Good but too big for sink
This is a very nice kit and enjoyable to make BUT when I finished I realized the item received is not the same as the picture. There are No red leaves in my picture and there are less leaves than shown. Also the basket of apples on the hood of the truck are the same shades as the pumpkins, maybe a basket of peaches? Now that I've finished it, it's to late to do anything about it BUT it is a nice picture.
Color not as shown in photo. It is a darker brick color. On the website it is more of a wheat or on the beige side shade.
It's definitely soft and cozy, but it is not a King comforter. It's a bit too long and not nearly wide enough to cover a King sized bed. It works better as a duvet insert, but making the bed is cumbersome because it doesn't fill the width of the duvet. It's nice that it has loops at the corners to tie it into the duvet cover.
The chandelier itself is beautiful. Only problem is I cannot find a bulb that fits it for the life of me.
One of the bath towels had a hole in it. Did not see it until it was washed. Nice towels, just disappointed about the hole.
It works as long as you have a lot of drills that are stuck together. If you only have a few and try to use this, they will only slide around inside. What they fail to show you in the pictures is the marijuana leaf on the top. I knew it looked like a grinder.
Half came broken. Sent a message. No response.
This decoration is cool when lit by a fire and ice light. The overall concept is better than the execution. It's really only worth about $10 for the mask with fabric over it.
Very nice curtain but colors aren't as bright as picture. They should have an actual picture of the real product.
Not silk, very fake looking
Ionly purchased this product because is clearly states 10 Pack 6 mil Blank Stencil Making Sheets 12 x 12 inch Compatible Cricut & Silhouette Machine (Mylar Material). The amount and product is correct, but as before with last company, the stated 12 x 12 Inch size is only 11 3/4 x 11 3/4 which will not work when i am making 4 stencils per 12 x 12 sheet at 5.75 each
It was ok, but in the middle there was a section that was layered too heavily and very thick, which made it impossible to cut straight. Color is vibrant.
Their ok, but too thin. For my sewing and crafts I like the 1" wide tape measure.
Some of the colors were not quite right like the picture, other than that package arrived alright.
For the price I paid, I was surprise that the handles didn't click.
Some pieces came broken, the package must say “fragile”
Product not as described. Needs improvement. Does not get the job done.
not what I expected, very sparce branches, not bad when loaded with ornaments. wouldn't buy another one.
Out side reading comes and goes. Inside unit is about four feet from out side unit through a glass window.
Smells good and looks nice, but smell fades away pretty quickly (as in, less than two weeks). Too bad.
Serves its purpose I suppose. I have a queen size bed. The straps are as tight as they can get for the width and they could stand to be tighter. The sheets still bunch some but they do not pull up on the sides. Installation was very difficult even with two people. Haven't changed my sheets yet, dread the ordeal that will be!
Its really small because they count the armrest tabs on the side in the dimensions and those add like 2 feet. so really not very large.
Nice rug. Good color and pattern. I would recommend if not for the fumes. I understand this is a common problem when machine made and stain resistant carpets. We had a major problem with the “off-gassing “. I let it sit outside for a week, vacuumed several times and it was still quite strong. It has gotten better but I would not recommend for anyone with respiratory sensitivity.
This works ok. We have the Shiloh one but I didn't want to spend double the price. This one plays plenty of songs. My only complaint is the volume. It seems there are only two settings, loud and louder. Our Shiloh mobile has 4 or so sound volumes.
Have to go over several times to get desired effect. Will practice and I'm sure it'll be easier.
Dont really know yet. Will give update.
The bottoms were much larger then the size I ordered for my daughter.
The sheet was was good my only complaint is the plastic wrapping was broken open and the sheet was a little dirty i.
While these towels did arrive very quickly, they were not as plush as I had hoped they would be. However, great value, and they are good towels. They have a pretty design.
Fit the couches well, but after 6 months of use one of the straps broke, and the stitching is also starting to come out.
This teensy tiny opening where actual vacuuming happens is maybe 3 inches or less! Honestly its not much wider and def more narrow than the tube and hose! It's become a pain so now looking to replace it! Too tedious!
Great product but lacks burning. It took me multiple attempts to light it and keep it lit. You are better off buying the insense sticks rather than smudging sticks as the former burns nicely.
This is only one curtain, I thought it would be wider than it was long but it was the other way around so I had to order another. It does keep the light out though and the color is pretty.
Good for the price. The black magnetic board scratches easily and the blades needed to be sharpened rather quick, but this was expected when purchased. Still a great looking set.
Comes out of the clear bag it's wrapped in incredibly wrinkled. Figured it needed to sit out of the plastic bag for a couple of days to 'settle' and it's the same. Have had to flatten it myself by overloading with blankets to get the wrinkles out. It is cute, just a shame it's appearance is hindered by the wrinkles.
Curtains look really good. I did notice several teeny tiny holes as noted in another review. I also felt I need to put four panels instead of only two of other brands. I think I can even add two more panels.
Uneven and curl at the end, but they serve a purpose. Not any more absorbent than any other towel, though.
The sheets have a green/celery cast of color. Not truly silver. They do not feel anything like satin.
Didn't want to really go all out get me a basic it does it's job
I thought I had ordered a pair of the pillow protectors. Only received one. Haven't washed it yet.
I'm not completely sure that it's authentic volcanic stone but I'm sure it's not made by hand
I like the colors, the delivery was fast, they are a bit smaller but it was that some of my pattern isn't lined up correctly. I did put in for a return but I'm going to go ahead and keep both packages and support this company. Plus I work 2 jobs and just don't have time to send them back right now.
Haven't used the product yet as it's still stuck in our mailbox that the delivery person wedged in there!!! How ridiculous!!! Will have to cut the box open and extract it in the morning!! How frustrating!!!
Beautiful art, but a bit tricky to hang. One print even arrived defective, and wouldn't light up. They're still pretty, even though one doesn't work.
When it worked it was very accurate, then the outside temperature became WAY different than what my phone or cars said so I cut the cord off and use it for an inside thermometer/hygrometer.
Third prong on the plug broke off.
Pros: Quite--Sounds like a white noise machine. Very impressed by this. Simple--Only has the on/off button on the front. Automatic shut off Cons: Quality--Construction is on the cheaper side. A tad worried that it might break down within a year of owning it. Blue light--The On/Off switch is illuminated blue when it is switched on. Found it rather bright when I'm trying to sleep. I have this product in my mildly damp basement room. Its running 24/7 and I've yet to run into any problems. While its nice that its quite, the dehumidifier works at a slow rate.
Broom is heavier than I expected. Doesn't clear with dustpan teeth as easily as i thought it would.
This is fine, but ultimately, it just feel cheap. It's not cushiony. I used this as an insert for a decorative pillow, and it's just ok. I've decided that I'm too lazy to return this, but if I could do this again, I'd just get a down insert.
Nice clock for the price. Bought 2, one is close to being silent (in mancave), the other is very noisy (in garage). No second hand sticking issue on either clock.
Fit and finish is very good. Attaching it to a hollow wall (sheet rock) would have been a snap if the d*+#%$ anchors were of even minimal quality. Otherwise this is a good value.
Weakness is the mounting Hardware. Two of the eight wall anchoring screws failed
The feather part doesn't feel like it is down compared to the comforter I bought but is very comfortable.
Great mattress.... but has a VERY SHORT life!!! We've only had ours for 7 months and it already sags In the middle and is so uncomfortable to sleep on now!!! Would have been better off buying a more expensive mattress so I didn't have to turn around and by a brand new one every 7 months.
very very very small. Didn't work in a vase. 100 is very few! Be careful.
The pillows are the color and size I was looking for. Although, they seem to fading within one month. They also have a white zipper and obnoxious tag that I wish was not such an eyesore. Overall though, I'm happy with my purchase.
After first wash the colors faded significantly!
Not what I expected, but it will be good for a couple more years. The branches are glued into the trunk! This means I have to bend and unbend for storage and then for use again, the wire will break after a few times doing this. I thought all the peices pulled out for storage. The tree isnt as full as depicted, but when decorated it is nice.....I wonder if we can buy more branches to fill it in a bit? Also the trunk isnt tapered at the top to give it a more natural look, it is one thick straight piece from top to bottom. This tree is just ok.
Doesn't offer a perfect fit. The Small was a tad too small though the dimensions of my chair fell within the prescribed range and the medium/double seater came with one pillow cover when the picture advertised two. The one good thing about the pillow cover is that it was stretchy enough to cover the couch seat making the cylindrical foam useless. For this reason I wished the two covers came, maybe then it's offer 5 stars. All in all its a good product.
Not sure what to think. As the pic shows, hot ashes turned this ash bucket into a rust bucket. It's still functional, for now. I had no idea hot ashes from the grill shoveled into an ash bucket would turn it into an eyesore. The rust you see goes all the way around the bucket. The paint all flaked off. I expect it will rust through in time.
Didn't appear to make much of a difference in our counters, but perhaps they were already sealed.
I really liked what I ended up with, but it's only half of what I was trying to put together. There are only three pieces...the 14 X 12, 12 X7 and 14 X 7. Apparently, I put it together wrong because I ended up with extra large pieces, extra small pieces and three packages of connectors. No more medium pieces to finish the job.
The craftsmanship is beautiful, but it is much smaller than I expected. My intention was to use it to hold a ball of yarn, it will have to be repurposed.
I purchased the silver and the light background and the silver numbers are difficult to read.
It's okay, but should have gotten black. The door is white but the body is more cream color. As a few scratches on it. Had to set a small fan in behind it to move the warm air. Fan not very powerful. We are using it in a very small enclosed sun room and it does not do warm it well. Back to my Eden Pure I guess. May use this in my basement craft room.
The only negative I have here is that when I washed (2x before drying) then dried it, some of the fibers stuck together and I had to pull them apart so that the pleats looked how they were made. Wasn't difficult or time consuming to do- I just think that the pillow cloth in between the comforter is thick and dried in a crumpled way.
Very disappointed in these tension rods, because they do not stay put. Had to eventually just replace them with proper bars because they kept falling down and I got tired picking things up. These will only handle the lightest items, not even a thin towel stay put.
It was difficult to assemble because the two screws provided didn't fit in the holes. The suction cups are useless and I think it'll end up making the whole caddy be unstable. Only reason for 3 stars is because it looks pretty from far away.
I love the color and style but was very disappointed in the product being as lightweight as it is. It slips off the bed at night.
I kept it but was not happy with the fact the center seems raised from the logo impression on the back.
like other buyers it comes with oil odor
too much for too little
The vanilla bean didn't smell as others that I have obtained. The frosted glass was beautiful. The scent is just off for me.
these are not exactly perfect for my need. the part that holds the rod can be turned and for me they aren't sturdy enough. they also didn't exactly fit my frame. they were pretty easy to use, although the turning of the clips is a problem, for me and makes them less simple that they could have been. If they had fit my frame better it probably wouldn't have been an issue, but, they also marked up the frame. I am going to switch them to the regular screw into the frame rod holders. they did work well to get curtains up in the window in a hurry.
Nice fitting and feels good to sleep on color was not the same in picture it was darker but still love them
Looks good and is pretty quiet, as for value and durability i dont know because I need fittings to connect to my airbrush.
Hard to make this stick to window glass.
The lint is everywhere after the first wash. It shows linty surface now.
Not great quality. Does not last. Do not buy.
Exactly as advertised Update 29 Dec: I've had this for almost three months now. An approximately 250lb relative that is visiting for the holidays just had the unfortunate situation of this toilet seat cracking in half while he was sitting on it. Lowering my review two three stars because of this, however, I do believe that if only people not quite that heavy used the seat it would be perfectly fine.
The green purse hook came broken, which was fixed with hot glue, and the pink hook is more purple, and crooked. I bought these to use as stocking hangers, since we do not have a mantle. They work okay, they just slide around a lot.
Has a light scent, does not really fill a room with the scent and it burns quite quickly. Won't be repurchasing but the packaging looks quite pretty so I'm not that disappointed in the purchase.
The product was easy to assemble and does pull itself forward making it easy to use for someone with back problems. Unfortunately, it does not clean the floor well unless you have already done the hard work by hand. For everyday cleaning to prevent dirt buildup it works, but for actual cleaning of buildup or messes on linoleum it's a fail for me.
Quite small, I wasn't able to store nearly enough in it. My daughter is using it and it is just right for her. The quality is typical, nothing special, nothing bad.
These are quite large but the suction was relatively good at first so I was willing to overlook that. Then they gave out and fell off the fridge in ~3 weeks
This product it super easy to place over furniture but I'm disappointed I ordered the same brand and color in both loveseat and sofa and they are two different shades of navy!
Don't buy it. I don't think it really absorbs anything.... got it because I have a dog but nope.... no good
Cheaply made. The zippers came off on almost all the bags when you so then down because the zipper doesn't extend far enough being the have stop, not is there a call or anything on the bottom of the zipper to stop it. Fabric is thin. -- Addendum - Seller contacted me and apologized and provided refund for zippers - so their service is fantastic!
My daughter loves it, hence the 3 stars. I'd give it one star. Flimsy, come unhooked multiple times, and no, it doesn't come with a reading light.
Flowers were falling off. Though it would be thicker but it was ok
I really like this clock and use it in my office, but a year after buying it one side just stopped working. I tried changing batteries, but it didn't help. I had to buy a whole new one.
Wasn't easy to install but did the job once in place
Not sure what the weight limit is on these but mine broke. Husband had to fix it.
Very nice pillow cases. They are not red. I wanted red. The photo looks red.
It's just eh. It feels cheap and clunky. It's hard to navigate corners and stairs. And also kind of blows dirt around.
I DID NOT LIKE THE DOUBLE COLORED CLOTHS.....I WERE EXPECTING 12 DIFFERENT COLORS
I ordered this for my brother in law. It said it was the last one available, which apparently it was because now it says item unavailable. It came with a snap broken. Not wanting to make waves, they just had the snap replaced. I was disappointed though.
Too short. Also, the pattern runs vertically rather than horizontally, which spoils the water effect . Otherwise, it's pretty normal. The colors are nice.
It was ok for the price- worked well, but had difficulty cutting it (need very sharp scissors)- had to fold over cut ends to have straight edges
Although this comforter seems to be well made the colors are very misleading. I was trying to find a comforter to match my sheets. This is more burgundy with red and the black almost has this green tint to it. I bought the king and I'll make it work but there isn't enough for any hang off. Just sits perfectly on top. It will do for now just not what I wanted.
3 of the ornaments were broken when we opened the package.
It works fine. It would help if it was a little longer so it can be placed on the bowel. It is short and needs to be held in one hand making it difficult to crack and open egg with one hand.
So far I'm okay with this fabric shaver. While I am glad to make my clothes look less trashy, it's loud and scares the cat. That's kind of an issue because he freaked when I set it down near him when I was adjusting a top to get at the other side.. Several bandaids and gauze and peroxide and an application of neosporin later...i tried using the shaver again. I would say that it's effective but i had hoped it was going to be slightly more magical, i.e. really quick. You have to be somewhat slow and methodical--but it will definitely collect a lot of pills in the clear bin. The really stubborn pills on a fleece pullover took more effort than a pilled-up hat did. Ultimately I was happy to see my clothes look refreshed. It's much bigger than the battery operated ones I've seen at WalMart. The advantage of the larger size is the larger collection bin. I had a battery operated shaver that was small and easy to use, but I had to stop every minute and empty it. I downgraded the stars due to the noise which seemed to affect the cat more than my vacuum cleaner. The other reason is the feeling of the shaver being not as zippy to shave the fabric as I expected for it's large size. I have only used it with the power cord, so I can't tell you how long it worked on the battery power.
The product may have worked for what I wanted to use it for but I never got to find out because both of the boxes were broken when I opened the package. The shipping box didn't appear to be damaged so I'm not sure when the damage happened. I returned the items and picked something up at a store near by instead.
It was far too thin to feel luxurious. I ended up donating it because it is lightweight to the max.
You see it and it's beautiful. If you want it for decoration, I recommend it. If you want to use it as a cup/mug, is very large and not comfortable, the inside part gets out, the outside is fragile. Beautiful and expensive, don't want to destroy it....
Flattened out pretty fast.
Pretty color, does not stick very well.
I bought it for the look, a little different and nicer than the plain plastic. I didn't look close enough at the specs, it only covers 1/2 of a normal size tub/shower. I ended up buying another to fit the entire tub. It is sturdy weight. It is nice looking. Grommet ring holes. One of the holes did not come with a grommet, factory defect I suppose.
Some of the clips did not close snugly.
It's ok for what it is ...I would expect any long term use out of it
These canvases are thick but they're terrible for acrylic paint and if you plan on drawing an outline with colored pencil it just rubs off.
The case is very nice, especially for the price. I could not give it a higher rating because the part of the metal buckle on my lid actually split apart. I was able to glue it back together, however, and it is still holding together so that the snap works. For the price I paid I did not feel like going to the trouble of returning it since I was able to repair(?) it.
The pens are just okay, as they are metallic. The major downside is that the colors don't come out right. The pink pen came out more as a copper color. Would not buy again.
It's semi comfortable , kind of firm , we put in on an old spring mattress and I don't really feel a difference. I guess if you put it on a memory bed it would be more comfortable. However , very deep pockets so it fits without sliding or coming off.
It's cute and a good size. But is falling apart really. You get what you pay for.
Seems like a decent product. Only issue so far was that the item was very bent on many sides. Had a great deal of work to get it to be decently shaped so it fit well. Seems like it wasnt handled well after made.
Arrived on time but apparently I got the Orange version of the poster. Was that supposed to happen or was it random? Friend ordered white and got white poster so I'm confused.
The inside bins do not keep the trash bags from slipping. The ratings ask about motion detection and a lock feature.... this barrel has neither. Very nice sized barrel. Dents easily.
It's good size, not as breathable as advertised. The mesh pockets are nice, but overall this is not super user friendly. There are 3 elastic holders on the inside for items like shampoo, but they're so high up in the bag they barely hang on to even tall bottles. Shorter bottles just end up falling down and you have to dig them out of the bottom. I was hoping for a good size caddy, but this is larger than necessary and doesn't have much in the way of organization.
This product is great on floors but doesn't have enough suction power for carpeting.
Positive things: looks nice, good suctioning, sturdy. The only downside of this product is HORRIBLE SMELL. Product has awful smell and I already tried to wash it, hang it outside but it did not help.
The weight is great. The color is great! Just know they aren't teaspoon size.
its okay,works well with markers.
These ring guards were a little hard to stay on my fingers. I currently are not even using them.
I really like the design I had bought the bigger role and it said I was getting a few tools in the box which I did not get and it said it would fit a sliding glass patio door will as you can see it fit one side and only half of the other therefore got a 3-star don't expect to look outside because it's not see through
Much less thread then I realized. The quality is good. It just ran out a lot faster then I thought it would. Mostly my fault for not realizing it. But as someone very new to the seeding world, this took me by surprise.
it gets a crappy job done!
the bolts didnt fit on the bottom. other than that its a 20 dollar table so it's what youd expect
The color is great but went through one wash before the fitted sheet started pilling. Next time going for more quality sheets.
Do not buy this if you are using soundproofing curtains. The rod is very basic and NOT sturdy.
Takes way too long to ship
The pieces I got work great but it was missing a few things including a pair of tweezers.
Put it together as instructed and it's not sturdy. I had to put something beneath one of the corners because it's wobbly.
Works well with my low/ akward shower head. My only complaint (pretty big deal though actually) is that the suction cups that hold it in place are almost flat. So they don't work very well. Otherwise the design is good.
So far I haven't had any problem with this comforter, it's lighter than anticipated, but with the cool NM weather it isn't that big of a problem. My biggest qualm is that the grey is a light light grey. The image featured is not at all what the comforter looks like. That's fine, all I did was slip it into a darker grey cover and it looks just fine. As per the reviews that state that after the first wash the seams busted, well I've washed it twice now, once at a laundromats, and second at my in-laws house using their front load washer. If your washer has a spindle in the middle of it (top load) or is not designed for bulky items then that may be a deterrent before purchasing. That, and alongside the not so sure guarantee that the colour will be what you want. I knocked off two stars because I am truly saddened that the colour was not as pictured. Best of luck with purchasing!
I would have given these gas logs a five star, but when they arrived the largest log was cracked through the middle other than that this is a good set Update,they have great customer service, I mentioned the cracked log and the shipped me a replacement log great product thanks.
This rod is so thin that it looks ridiculous and sags even without any curtains on it. We will be buying one at least twice as thick made of solid metal to replace it. Unless your window is exactly 46 inches and the rod won't have to be extended, this is not a viable option unless you use the 3rd bracket. The bottom screw holes on the mounting brackets as depicted in the image were punched half way off the metal, so only the top ones could be used.
Nice vacumn....feels real cheap and not good quality. It works well and hope it lasts at least a year. Very lightweight.
Very soft and nice. Ordered a king because of the reviews saying it was quite small. I have a Full size bed and it drapes perfectly over the edges like I wanted. Glad I read the reviews before that it comes small. I also ordered it in grey and it is definitely NOT. It's lilac/light purple color not a light grey like pictures. Luckily it went alright with the sheets I had so I kept it and for the price u can't beat that. I was looking forward to a light grey comforter though and sadly did not receive that. Everything else about it is great though.
Hard to clean but look nice
We were initially very pleased with the product. It is challenging to remove the lid when hot. We were using the antlers/head of the moose because it was easier to access. After about 3 weeks of use, one of the antlers came off in my hand when removing the lid. I had purchased through Amazon and they offered a full refund (after Plow & Hearth initially said they would not refund my money or replace the product).
love the comfort of it but too bulky to carry
Beautiful, I bought two. However, One of the picture frames were hanging on the wall and just snapped apart from the corners and broke? The other frame is fine, may just be a manufacturing error on one frame
It's not terrible. But I have a wrapping paper addiction and I love to buy a bunch of the “fancy” wallpaper when they're on clearance after Christmas. It does contain them. And I can maximize my storage space in the back of the closet, but I can't zip the lid. It's a little disappointing, but it was only $7 bucks. 🤷🏻‍♀️
Overall quality is good and this is why I purchased it for the second time. However, this one I got has a dent on the bar. A bit disappointed.
It's a cheap little dongle that helps for smaller projects. The blade isn't that sharp and the circle isn't that sturdy. But for small projects like arts and crafts, this tool will suffice.
great I love it. took a little getting use to it but have own it for over a month. Update: still love my card holder,but I'm loosing the screws to the carbon fiber cover. I wish they would have used Loctite on the screws I'll be try to source some and adding loctite.
I'm not sure about this one yet; haven't used. It seems smaller or not made as good. I'll know more later.
Seems like a descent tray my only complaint is the lid without the sides is to warped to use alone. Its definately holding moisture and humidity. I bought this with intent on using the side extensions for every use .
I have not used them yet that is why I gave that rating.
Eh. Not a super great find. Smell is pretty strong in a confined bathroom space. Not a miracle cleaner. Probably something better out there.
Fabric is not as smooth as I like and comes out of the dryer too wrinkled.
The bag was completely open on one side of the package. One extension post was missing. Eleven not twelve.
It doesn't stay charged very long.
Purchased for my young nephew for Christmas so he hasnt seen. However, I spent about $15 more on line and saw them pop up at Bed Bath & Beyond, as well as Walmart for $20! So look before shopping on line!
Had to return, too small for what I needed
I definitely expected this to be better than it was. It's a very cheap fabric that is difficult to clean. I probably wouldn't buy it again.
While this pigment was vibrant and very effective, it also stains skin. I made the mistake of using it in bath bombs and dyed my skin blue as well as everything in the bathroom. I imagine this would be great for slime as it seems most people are using it for, but it is listed as being for bath bombs and soap and I wouldn't advise it.
Material is nice and soft but it doesn't stay on the couch well - it moves a lot.
Picture not as clear as I thought it would be
Perfect for fish bowl
Pillows are ok. Amazon delivery is garbage, as usual. Left the package on my sidewalk, couldn't take two extra steps to put it on my porch in an inconspicuous location. Lazy losers. What else is new?
I'm sure this a beautiful frame if it didn't arrive in 20 pieces. Not fault of The manufacturer However does not hold up well when shipped.
I have had this tubshroom in different colors. I loved the look of this chrome one but the chrome piece kept coming off so I had to leave it off. It is functioning without it but doesnt look very nice. Def wont buy the chrome top one again.
Very thin, in my opinion not worth the price.
Not bad for the money. Scratch's easily. Had some issues with leaks but for the money it's not bad
Its OK... but agree with other reviews- sole is a bit too hard and the only part that is "real leather" is the inner liner.. so it does appear to be false advertising
They look amazing but they don't stay on the wall. I'm so sad this happened to me....
Overall very flimsy. Wouldn't buy them again. Wish they weren't so cheap feeling.
Purchased the black comforter. It's not as fluffy as it appears in the picture. But overall happy with the product. It's warm and soft. I have washed it a couple times and had no issue..washed on delicate.
A little difficult to assemble
The shelves are as pictured. They have a nice look and quality. The instructions however, are horrible. The measurements are not contradicting. This led to holes being drilled that were too big for the drywall studs and the brackets not being in the correct place to mount the shelf. We had to purchase supplies to fix drywall and different drywall studs.
It cuts uneven at times pay close attention to how the blade is set I used a small level As far as pouring hot water on I found it much more effective to boil water in a deep pot to hold the bottles up to the cut line much easier
Fame has some discoloration on the bottom edge. I didn't return because we are putting it on a display shelf with a lip that covers that edge. But, it will be a problem if we ever want to hang it on the wall.
I was looking specifically for a sheen and these have it. Great purchase. Although I would not consider them blackout drapes. I use these drapes in my home office with blinds and I can see the sunshine through them even with blinds. However, luckily, they are working OK for my office and not somewhere where I sleep. If these were for my bedroom, I would have to return them.
I have ordered the same towels more than once using the reorder now option expecting the same towels, but I received different towels. The quality is good and the towels feel nice, but I would have prefered matching towels.
I returned them; just too thin, but the look was great.
I have been using it for my project and it works, but I prefer my old Toyo cutter - for me it was a better tool. There was a learning curve, but I think I would buy a Toyo again before I purchase this brand. It could simply be personal preference so if you are changing from a brand you like, you may want to purchase what you know.
I really liked the way these look but I couldn't use them. I tried them on a faux leather purse but the stem is too long and they do not get tight. Alternatively, when I tried to add a second layer of material, they were too short to screw together. They may work for some projects but it would depend on the material. They do feel well made and sturdy. The problem may be my lack of knowledge.
Decent quality for this type of furniture in a box. Arrived with the box showing significant wear and tear from shipping but the packaging was adequate enough that nothing was damaged. I have built many similar type or furniture items over the years and this by far has the worse instructions that I have ever seen. There are 19 pieces of wood and well over 100 pieces of hardware for this item. The instructions are crammed on 2 pages with each step consisting of a very small diagram with no instructions.
These stain, whatever you put them on will tint it of the color the cone has.
Very little diamonds
Heats well, but is very loud. My baths were more relaxing with the Holmes Heater Fan. Weighs too little. Will move itself unless I put kitchen drawer liner under it.
Mine worked fine for about two weeks. I opened it to check batteries and had to dodge wasps upset that I was invading their new home. They had entered through bottom drain holes or side vents. There may be other solutions, but I taped over the openings and drilled new, smaller, drains. Easy to do but should not be necessary. The gadget works fine. Very happy, but design invites bug problems.
I had anticipated that they were solid and the vine of grapes would be sturdy, not dangle. The grapes themselves are very very nice, just not what I had pictured, nor what I can use.
The actual color is not as light as the photo. It's an indescribably ugly color actually. The fabric is on the lightweight side, but certainly serviceable. I bought these as extras--they are okay for that purpose.
Love the design length and embroidery of the stars although the red screened on stripes of the border make the whole thing look cheap it would be better without it or if it were ribbon or something
Several hangers arrived broken.
Removed the paint from the door frame. Unlike our other one...
Was cheaper looking than I expected
Work well for what I needed it for, it does shift a bit maybe because the layers are not connected. Overall it does keep the bed protected. Can wash and dry normally.
Suction doesn't hold up. We have to redo it about 1-2 times per month and we keep it in the side of the sink we don't use. Not sure I would purchase again.
Really kind of disappointed. Really difficult to get a complete cut-through on sheets unless I use a leather setting and deep cut. The Maker does not have the ease of a dial-up blade with which you can set the depth without experimenting with all the different settings for the many materials. Very frustrating. Sometimes I just reverted to a freehand blade.
The letters are ok, just a bit too fancy, and you have to puch out all the letters yourself except the A that is first and the display letter.
These crack easily when you're pushing the lid on.
I like it . Just thought it was bigger
Pillow is smaller than expected and is hot after laying on it for just a couple of minutes. Returned for refund.
The soap dispenser has gradually become poor in dispensing liquid. I replaced the batteries to see whether that was the cause - but that didn't help. Then I noticed that the liquid has been oozing through the bottom - it was sticky. Now it has stopped working. Product support email given in the user instruction doesn't work.
Nice organization for brushes and paste
Red color could have been more bright. It was just okay.
Didn't like all the designs and did not stick as well as other types
I ordered these twice in one week and although the baggies are decent quality, the colors of each order were not consistent. I ordered twice to get more of two certain colors and one is a different shade and the other was omitted completely. Now I am short some and have others I don't need .
too hot to sleep on it
Constantly have to keep straightening it! Grrr
This is a brilliant invention. We used it to clean out the dust and random debris from my son's lego bins. No legos were harmed in the testing of this product and the dust disappeared. I've used it for kitchen drawers that often have mysterious crumbs in them somehow. The reason for 3 stars is that it doesn't really fit and stay on my Dyson wand. I have to grab the connection point between the dyson and dust pro to create a better seal and hold the pieces together, then it sort of works. However this doesn't make it very efficient to use. If this actually fit and stayed well on my vacuum, then I would certainly give it five stars.
It doesn't iron good and you feel like nothing is happening very light but not worth the trouble
some of the branches broken
It's pretty, but cheap. The black cover will bend in your hand and the buttons make a loud clicking noise when you push them. The motor is also pretty loud - I can hear it over the monitor in my girl's room. I like all of the options for the colors though.
Smells wonderful. The only drawback is that I had a hard time keeping it burning.
No large hemline on the top of top sheet, like normal ones. Nice pattern, matches picture. Not too rough material. The lack of trim work and large hem for top made it look cheap.
It works fine but it's really loud and it's on all the time.
I ordered the silver frame and they sent me a white one. It is not worth my time or money to return it. I will live with the white I guess.
Nice item, disappointed that measurements included the tassels. Didn't fit my table properly due to this.
Hadn't had a chance to use it but I like the coverage and the reasons for coverage of the ac unit we purchased
It is a good product but doesn't fit all wine glasses.
The outdoor temperature sensor is showing the incorrect temperature. I have tried numerous times with numerous locations to get some help -- NO SUCCESS. I'm trying now to HOPEFULLY reach someone at Oregon Scientific, Inc. instead of an Oregon Scientific Store They will not help at all and, so far, I have been unable to contact the manufacturer. This weather station replaces one that is almost identical -- upgraded design, I suppose -- that I had for several years. I am very perturbed!
Great pillow if only it wouldn't deflate overnight. Mine is only half inflated by the morning
It is wasy to hold but I dont like the short length of metal before the plastic.
Wish the fragrance was a bit stronger but it does a good job.
Let's make this as simple as possible. It's a beautiful image. However, the image quality is poor. It's the equivalent of taking a photo from the 80's and blowing it up on a bed sheet. The image is pixelated. The fabric material is the equivalent of a sateen-like bed sheet. (I intentionally used the word sateen) If you'd like to hang this over a window, this fabric does not block out light at all. Am I satisfied with my purchase, yes. Reason being...it's a beautiful image. Will I purchase it again? No.
Loved it while it lasted....about six months then it just stopped. I would plug it into the charger and the light would stay red. It's too bad. I was actually really happy with his purchase because even though I had purchased the sweeper previously, there was an issue with the wheel. It seemed like they had address that issue with this latest model.
Cheap. Chips easy. But was expected since I am poor.
I have been using this for years and have given them as gifts and they are always appreciated. Positives are that they are easy to do and the smell is not offensive. Negatives are that they used to send cute molds with a bee. This year I got an ugly plain mold of geometric shapes with no life..no bee...no anything. The color has changed as well. It used to be a nice earthy tan color and this year it's an ugly salmon pink color. It's not pleasing to the eye. It says tan on the dye provided..its NOT tan. I hope the recipients of the soap will be happy but of they aren't I probably won't purchase this again.
I buy throws to add accent color to rooms. However, I also like them to be functional. I have a couple that are cashmere like acrylic with a weave that makes them solid, good for looks, good for laying on top of you while watching tv, reading a book, etc., in cool (not cold) weather.. This throw is very pretty and the color is a very nice dusty blue. But, there is no way anyone can consider it functional besides for looks. In the pictures they give you can not see how open of a weave it is. From the pictures I did expect textured but thought it would be on a more solid weave. The weave is so open and the throw so light there would be no point in wrapping it around you or laying it on the top of you. For now it is draped on an ottoman as accent color but I'm not sure it would stand up to feet resting on it, even though it is folded. I do like the textured look of it, so I may later double it with a less expensive solid throw.
Pillow generates alot of heat. I like the way it forms to my neck but it needs to be a little bit more flexible, as its too hard.
Wow this thing is huge. Wish I had paid more attention to the size when ordering it. No idea how I will even be able to use this.
AMAZING! what did i do before I had this thing?
Works fine as a chalkboard but the edges don't stick well. Should have gone with chalkboard paint.
I wish I could 5 star this product because of how adorable it is! But the reality is is that the canisters are rather small. I wanted to try to alleviate having flour, sugar, etc in my pantry, but these are too small to hold even 3/4 a bag of flour. (For the biggest size) The smallest size canister is the size of a drinking glass. I didn't return because they're so cute and I couldn't find an alternative I liked better. But I so wish they were bigger!
One whole sheet was wrinkled up when it arrived.
Came in snapped but I glued it and it works great now
I gave two stars for temperature control. This is the second blanket and the temperature is not consistent in both. Will not purchase again.
It serves the purpose but the flap in the back that is supposed to keep the easel stand open does not fit the stand backing. With that being the case with almost all of the pieces in a 25 pack, one must say that these are flimsy and not made well, in case you need quality product, look elsewhere.
No inch ruler, only cm.
I have Invicta bolt watches and when I put two of them in with a Citizen watch it is very hard to close. Other then that very nice case to protect that investment.
Looks and feels cheap but very pretty
This is good fabric and looks nice, true to size of a Queen bed. I had to give 3 out of 5 stars because when it arrived the pleats needed to be ironed so they looked like pleats again. I don't know if it was just the way it was folded when shipped or what... Also I'm not a fan of the overall style of a "flat" look with a bed skirt. I thought it would look nice but now I'm not as pleased as I thought I would be. I think I like my other ruffle style on my bed which is just a preference on my part.
I feel like the graphics on the curtain aren't as clear as they were in the picture. My husband couldn't tell that there were stones in the picture on the curtain.
I have to admit that I am a novice at firing glazed pieces, but I used this glaze and it came out beautifully. There was one exception...the crackle was microscopic and really does not show. I wonder if I did something wrong in the firing process.
The spaces between the shelves are only 6”. Too small for dvd/Blu-ray.
Some of brushes better than others. Some often leave strands behind on my paintings and as a beginning painter I found it frustrating.
If connected to hose and hose is on a slope works great otherwise has to be emptied often
Neat hamper and it did last for about 6-8 months, but it's very flimsy (not as sturdy as it looks in the pictures); it's only held up by 4 (kite-like) plastic poles in sleeves closed with velcro. On mine, the poles made their way thru the fabric (poked thru) and can no longer hold up the sides. So, it's already time for a new one. I'm not a big fan of replacing my laundry baskets every 6-8 months (I can't remember exactly when I bought it, but don't think it's been a full year yet.
Much smaller than expected.
The design on this could be greatly improved. The tank is nice and big, so you don't have to refill as often, which is great. However, there is no way to tell where the water level is when filling it. Which is frustrating and sometimes it overflows or is underfilled unless you catch it just right. Also, the top isn't flat, so you can't set it level on a counter or in the sink to fill it. It also has the tendency to leak on the bottom of the tank even with the cap nice and tight, so when I flip it over to place it into the base, water sometimes goes everywhere. It is very quiet and has a beep for when it runs out of water so that you know it's empty.
Liked all the items in package. Pillow feels unstable when inflated. Wish it had pull handle on pillow. If inflated in plane it would be difficult to move if seat mate needed to get out of seat
I'm finding that a lot of the acrylic stamp sets have several in the pack that don't give a good impression on the paper. Not cut right. Kept it because I like a couple of them that did stamp well
Would be 5 stars however it was not wide enough. I returned and bought the 100" wide same height. Perfecto!
Soft and comfortable, but rip easily.
Gets lost and stuck often =(
Didn't come out looking as clear as the picture
Do not trust the picture, it's very misleading. The actual size is much smaller. The quality is not high at all. There was a big hole in the back right after I unpacked it. Overall not too happy with the product and it's not worth the price.
nothing to write home about
Chipped wood when it arrived
bananas have to be a certain size or smaller
Gift for my friend who is a chef. It needs two deep pockets in front for utensils and a towel.
These were very nice but very large, only fit on the very very top. I returned mine but would have loved it if they were much skinnier
I have used these around the house but honestly can't tell the difference from before.
Nice backpack but the picture with the guy and the backpack is misleading, the backpack is a lot smaller than the picture.
The sheets are pretty and feel good. They fit well, too. However, after a couple of weeks the elastic seems to be giving up the ghost! I may have to replace it, but because of the fabric, I'll keep the sheets.
Holds only one standard curtain panel - linen or cotton. Forget anything heavy like velvet. Two curtain panels and this tension rod falls down. Great for covering a doorway, like a closet, with one curtain panel.
Wanted a silent clock that I could read from my bed at night. This clock disappoints as the luminosity on the hands is poor. Visible hands more important than the numbers, which are good.
I love all the different holders-ALL my shower stuff fits on the caddy.....only issue was it DOESN'T fit over the shower door, had to modify it!
Finish was cheap but the price was cheap as well
Should have looked at the description better. I was hoping for a play set for my 3 year old nephew. While he was able to carefully play with it without breaking it, he is a pretty gentle boy and was not rough. It is made of breakable materials so not super suitable for a toy. Also, I didn't look closely enough and thought ALL the pieces were moveable. Unfortunately, Mary, Joseph, Baby Jesus and the angel are all glued into place. Also, it's much smaller then the pictures implied.
Output is okay, but it doesn't attach securely. So 90% of the time when flipping it over, water leaks (in a big way, sometimes). It works for my needs, but it's not great.
Good for closet organizing and storage. Zippers are very fragile and they cannot hold much.
One sucker stopped sticking for good
I'm used to using sponges so I don't really like these. I do, however, like that they are reusable.
This jewelry box is a good size for holding a collection. One of the hinges in the top came with stripped screws. The hinges themselves are rather stiff. I easily repaired it with super glue. Buyer, understand that for the price, this is a nice deal, but the workmanship isn't the greatest. I'm generally happy with what I got for the money, because I had read reviews of other purchasers who had had similar small issues.
Looks nice but not very solid and seems like the pump part would break easily. It's in a bathroom that gets lots of use, so I hope I wrong and it can last a while.
I'm still not sure on how to fold and pack my clothes in my suitcase. Need more visual pictures.
Didn't come with the pieces that go in the top..but it looks okay without. Had a few scratches, but I bought it “used” so that was expected. Overall satisfied!
Very quiet but when it rotates you can't feel the air. It would be nice if it were a little more powerful
The word Home is down a little to far on the pillow cover
The packaging for the blade was fine, comes in a little zipped bag along with package, but the blade itself had rust spots. Even with mines having the spots it's still really sharp so be careful .The main problem is the neck of the blade , it's where you'll be holding it and also there you unscrew the blade, this causes the blade to come loose from just holding it tightly. I'm gonna try using a pencil holder to hopefully stop it from getting loose, but I would suggest getting the rubber version of this knife, since it has the screw for the knife on the back.
Cards are as pictured. Pulled them out almost a year later to send a card, and the envelopes are all sealed shut.
This item is constructed well, but whatever type of material it is made of has an order which permeates into item put inside for washing.
Although this makes putting jewelry on easier, I would not recommend these for valuable, expensive jewelry. The magnets are just not strong enough. The slightest tug and apart they came!
When I first opened the box I discovered one of the pumps already had a piece missing. The broken piece wasn't even in the box but I figured they were so cheap they weren't worth returning. They get the job done and I really love having foaming hand soap. A couple days ago I dropped one bottle, not even that hard and the same thing break occurred that was on one of the other bottles, just a piece of the pump handle broke off. Still usable but I would recommend if you're looking for something that will last, go with a different product or just reuse a store bought foamy hand soap dispenser.
I bought them because they were advertised to help keep the heat out. As far as I can tell they have no effect on the sun r heat at all. Seems they don't even keep much light out.
Only easy to read if plugged in - tried brand new batteries three times and it looks horrible. Also, instead of displaying the date, the year is displayed - makes zero sense. It's a cool looking clock, but definitely style over substance.
By the time I use the tool it's too big and bulky to get around the jewelry making to even get to the jump ring. Pliers work better. I may have to return this tool.
These are cute but they would fit a 2 year old. It will be YEARS before my 9 month old will be able to wear these.
I ordered the #2 design and got some elephant tapestry instead. Its really cool but not what i ordered.
Smells wonderful I would love if a conditioner came with it. All around wonderful though.
I really wish the calendar frame wasn't attached to one set of the numbers so that it could be put around any set. The set stamps clearly enough, and is usable, but any months that start on Sunday will look different in my bujo because of that border, unless I take extra time to ink just the inner numbers and not the frame. And by the time I do all that I could just write the numbers down myself. It defeats the purpose.
The battery conduction point is lose and it has to be really fiddled with to make the little vacuum to work. It doesn't really pick up staples, which is what I really wanted it for. Does an alright job on dust.
It's pretty,but I don't know how cool it will look yet as I DIDNT GET THE CONES WITH IT THAT SAYS IT COMES WITH!!!
its a cheap rug but it covers the floor
Be sure to look at the size. I was quite shocked to find out it was the size of a doll pillow. The stitching was nice and the pillow looks very high quality. My own fault I didn't check the size. Hard to evaluate comfort because of it's size.
The anchor was rustic and fit in with what I wanted to do. The quality is marginal.
About 10 of the acorns came with the top off of them I had to hot glue back on. Looked good though. Used for a baby shower game in a bottle. Fit the theme well. Everyone thought it was a good idea to guess how many acorns instead of blue baby bottles!
Good size for Split King bed, don't know how well matting will hold up once laundered
Too much noise and the fact that it does not rotate the coverage is good for small room but not for a bigger room
I didnt get the U frame that holds the Shade. And I can not find how to get one
I love this mop, but the lower part that connections to the handle broke. I wish there were replacement parts available so I could buy a new lower so I could continue to use it. I hadn't used it more than a dozen times before it broke on me. I was in process of getting new flooring installed and was looking forward to using it on that flooring.
I had to reorder this item because the first time I received it the bag was ripped that it was wrapped in and once I opened it it was in pieces and still falling apart. The customer service people were awesome and the second one was all intact and beautiful
I had to update my review of this product and customer service. I was contacted by their customer service team, and because of my experience with their product, they provided me with an RMA number and fixed whatever was wrong with my vacuum! It was fixed and returned promptly at no cost to me! The vacuum is working perfectly now. I am going to have to use it more often now! ------------------------- I purchased the D5 about 1 1/2 years ago. I typically vacuum every other day. I purchased this vacuum thinking that I would schedule it to run while I was at work..., but decided to get a new puppy and couldn't go with the automatic, scheduled vacuuming. I've kept to vacuuming myself and have only used the Botvac D5 Connected 4 times. I decided to allow the D5 to clean since the pup was relocated. The app said it was offline. So I tried to re-connect it to no avail. I thought it might be the battery... it had been a year and a half since I purchased it. (Both lights (info and battery charging) blink continuous while on the charger.) So..., I purchased a new battery. Same issue. Tech support couldn't do much but take me through steps that I had already performed. I received an email informing me that it was no longer under warranty and I should send it off for repair. I think I'll just go with my initial thought... purchase the Samsung POWERbot instead.
Item arrived cracked along the top, which does not make it usable for what I had intended, too much hassle returning so will use for something else. Quality is not as good as expected.
Broke a couple but for the most part still using what is left of the 60 pcs
These are great. Love that they have a timer. The only thing is they smell like plastic big time.
Love this cover! Beautiful set for my bedroom. My only issue is I've already seen the stitches and ties coming apart after only 1 wash! Going to try and go over the stitches myself next time I wash it so it doesn't unravel on me but it was a cheap cover so I guess you get what you pay for. Love the pattern tho
Definitely not new as described. Item was dusty and wrapped in tissue paper that was not part of the original packaging. Would have been fine labeled “used.” Would have bought anyway. I don't like people thinking they can pull one over on me. Item was still in nice condition so I added a star.
Mounting is a bit annoying. The mounting is not flush so you have to measure the distance between holes, place nails and then hope it aligns. I've had it maybe 3 weeks and has already cracked.
Disappointed in the flimsy quality. Latch doesn't latch.
Product is ok. Wish it came with more larger ones and not so many small ones
Came on time, could have been packaged better as most of the crystals were broken on arrival. Ok, for what I needed the crystals for. They are very fragile.
This is an over the head very light "towel." It doesn't seem much like a towel because it is super thin and can not absorb that much water.
Shelves seem great but arrived damaged . Had to send back . My only advice is they should be packaged a little safer .I'm not sure I will re purchase them .
I love the vivid blue color and the warm fluffy fleece. But the king size just isn't big enough to be called a king size. You can't tuck it in on either side.
The quality is okay. Some of the stitching looks like it was falling apart or felt cheap. Does keep some hot air out (I live in AZ).
Love it but dislike the fact that I did not receive the mobile that it says is included and am unable to get a reply back from company.
Like the weight of this for summer. It is very generously sized!
This is a fairly useless kit unless you are a child maybe. The long crystal type molds are almost impossible to unmold. The small gems are very small. Don't even bother trying to get resin in the tiny round gem molds. Total waste of time and epoxy.
They are very. "okay" if you've had better you'll notice. Still decent.
The first one I received was poorly made. The top was on crooked and there was no way to fix it. It looked wonky and cheap. I ended up returning and getting a replacement. The second one I received is much better. Looks nice.
Everything came as expected. My only complaint is that this thing is gonna take me forever. It's probably good for seasoned paint by number people, but not the best for a first timer.
Too big for my Christmas tree... is good material but too big.
I was disappointed in this purchase. I didn't expect the pieces to be so small (but I take the blame for that-I didn't read specs closely). I did find a nice way to display them and won't be returning.
I thought it would be bigger
For the price, it is good adjustable height ironing board. It does, however, wobbles somewhat because it is light weight. I only iron when I sew (hemming, etc) so it will work fine.
Not 100 percent happy with this product. It claims to be 3 feet tall, maybe including the pot too. But they don't look as good as others I used for display in my store and if we touch them many pieces of foliage falls off
They work fine but should have spent a few more dollars and purchased bags a little wider, longer & larger window.
This was for my teen son whom runs hot. It light enough and made well. Already washed and dried held up first wash. He like it for the most part but the black is more of a navy blue. He was a little disappointed in that but will work
Great idea but Not easy to open or close
Very cute teepee but the incense is poor quality and doesn't smell great.
Teeny tiny gems. Much smaller than I wanted, but I will find a use for them.
Not the greatest brushes? They seemed no better than the meh ones you can get at AC Moore
pretty cool quality for that price
I was so happy to find this but it wasn't what I needed. It was basically clear with very few gold sparkles. Once I put it on my project you couldn't even tell it was there.. what I did was buy gold nail polish instead and that worked really well for the project I needed it for.
Decent enough towels for short term but they start falling apart after the first wash
The outside of the box looked fine...but inside the cardboard insert was bent and peeling from the sides. . I will still use it to contain barbie clothes.
Soft. Good for the price but wish it were more of a gray than gray brownish color.
These smell terrible. I used for outdoor Christmas decor but I will be throwing them away since they smell so strong and I can't store them in my attic.
Nice yarn, only problem is that every time I purchase Red Heart yarn it is different thicknesses and has many tangles. So I am going to find a different brand.
Blades are soft foam. This does not throw as much air as similarly sized ones with hard plastic blades. Also take note it is "assorted colors" not the image shown, we ended up with 2 orders and received hot pink both times.
Great idea for compact storage and can arrange the cubes in different shapes as you wish. The plastic connectors are not too great and not holding while building the others.. had tried multiple times and gave up... overall the metal frames are sturdy and of good quality, attaching the frame to plastic connectors is a pain.
If you need a size 6 mm the bead will be size 8 mm. It is possible it is a mistake and what they sent me was size 8 and not 6 as I wanted it.
This was very bright. I did return it because I needed something not so ornate.
I give it a 3.5 its a good cutting mat and the knife is ok, but not super comfortable for long use.
Feels thin and it is .. ok for short periods but if you have to hold something the heat comes through
Would've been nicer if it didn't arrive scratched...
Vinyl colors are beautiful and easy to work with. The vinyl was packaged in an envelope and was folded in half and was stuffed in my mailbox. Only the top few vinyl sheets were creased. Might consider packaging in a box for future orders.
I ran this through my inkjet printer (just like I do for printing on the clear shrink film), but this plastic made the ink bead up. It looked awful and was unusable. Do not print on the white shrink film! Use markers instead.
Meh it's ok not great. Not really worth the price. Bottom is cheap and unstable
It does not appear in person as it does in photo. It is very thin. Wish it was fuller or at least looked like the photo, worked for what we needed but would not purchase again.
It's okay my.butt still hurts after.sitting for an hour
Broke them just taking them out the packaging, very cheap quality but you get what you pay for
One will stay on the other might slip off. I found myself tightening them to stay on, tightening them, because it was too tight. I give the a "Okay"
A little tight on my head but overall great!
I just received these diffusers in the mail today I got them for my daughter who has epilepsy I figured the light would be nice as a nightlight and putting lavender would help her seizures I plugged in one of them and it works fine it's quiet and the diffusion works great! I plugged in the other and it is very loud and has this annoying clicking sound so I will have to return it :/
Good rice paper, so ordered two extra after first order, however, the paper came separately, one pack of rice paper arrived folded which is not good for my purpose of use. I need a whole flat page for my purpose, I would have given a 5 stars, but for the poor packaging, I have no choice but giving a 3 star, sorry,
Decent tool the etching pen was much better than the actual cutter when it came to starting a cut
Picture is deceiving. Only one panel and its not as thick as I thought but still darkens the room ok
Not sure if product is working.Smells great if you shake it
These pillows are pretty big. They're cozy at first but my neck and head haven't really felt supported laying on my back or side. I think if they were half the size it would help with support.
The table is sturdy and easy to assemble. It is exactly what we were looking for. Unfortunately there are quite a few dents, a broken bolt, and a crack. See photos.
It worked great up until i realized the stitching above the zipper ripped. I will have to stitch myself i guess.
These are bulky and hard to use.
Strong batteries, but absolutely TINY.
Works great for when I take naps on my lunch break. Update:There is a onion odor from the cover. I have washed it three times and it wont go away
It was not as big as I expected, it's probably cheaper to buy single ones as you need them and build your own
very small, cant really read what it says from more than 10 ft away. lights are colorful and seem to be heavy duty.
I used these with a Super Moist vanilla boxed cake mix. I think using the super moist mix was part of the problem, but the bunnies all fell apart when I tried to take them out and the eggs were formed but none of the pretty detail from the mold came out. They just looked like giant egg shaped cupcakes. These may work better as just candy molds.
Cleans great, but fragrance could be dialed back quite a bit.
I agree that the frame and back of the frame seem a bit cheaply made, the glass on the front is also, not glass more of a plastic, which I personally did not mind bc the frame will be going into my 5 year olds room. However the frame did not come with holders to put hang it on the wall, and the back stand thing broke with little tug. Thank god I'll be hanging it. you get what you pay for. It's okay for the price I guess. I did paint it white which made it look better to me.
This is super cute for my 3 year old daughter. The materials are a bit flimsy. The side pieces are like a scratchy hospital gown material. One of the metal pieces was bent and hard to get into the plastic slots but I eventually got it. In the end, it does the job and holds cute little shoes and my daughter loves it!
Colors and prints seem as pictured... But there is one roll missing from the pack and the gold foil is a bit splotchy. I think i will spend a little bit more next time, and get what i paid for.
cute thing, but its plasticy, not those high end quality flowers you might be looking for. However for my use, I am happy with it
This item was bought as a Christmas gift so I can't really give a review.
Just got it and it's missing a piece of the divider that goes in the bottom. I don't want to bother with returning it so I'll just deal with it but it's irritating
They didn't seem long enough and the material was very thin.
It's easy to put together. But the water does not drain like it should. The back legs need to go a bit higher.
I ordered champagne ornaments but rose gold came instead. I don't want to bring the crayola color execs or Rainbow Brite into this though.. a few pieces were broken and others had no hanging wires (nor were extra provided as they usually do.) There's a customer service email on the label so I emailed directly to let them know. I was hoping to get a partial refund, replacements, something but not even a response. I'll try through here instead, likely best route given Amazon's amazing customer support.
I would give this 1 more star if it didn't rip on me after 3 washed. I have this one and 2 other ones from another brand that I rotate in the wash. In addition, I took away 1 ⭐️ because the other ones I have, they have straps in the back to hold them from coming off the sofa.
These are nice curtains. I like the fabric and it blocks the light as advertised but the curtains are not inspected before packaged and there is a high chance of getting one with defects. I ordered 4 in ivory so it's easy to see the defects but light colors are in my lease. One had a bug trapped under the lining (you have to hold it to the light to see the wings) and one had 2 stains at the top back and front. Of the replacements one was fine and one had a dark stain. Keeping 4, not the bug or dark stain. These are nice if okay.
Not too hard to do, took me 2 days to complete but if i wasn't interrupted could have done it in 1 haha. The whole pattern isnt sticky tho, just the cat. Still good product tho
These came in a plastic baggie but the liquids leaked all over the bag. Sending it back to amazon....
The drawer 13 is missing. I would like to get this drawer. I do not want to return this item.
I so wanted to like this stamping tool, but it ended up being really disappointing. I have a hard time getting a full stamp made with it. I have tried multiple inking and stamping of the stamp and still the image is poor quality, rarely give a full image. I have tried putting a piece of foam sheeting on the base to add more pressure, and that did not help at all. I am using the correct side marked "clear" for my clear stamps but for some reason they just don't come out as good as when I just stamp with my hand. I am so sad because the idea is so good, but I am probably going to get the Misti since it seems like it may work better, even though it costs a lot more. I cant recommend this item, even though some people seem to get good results, I was not able to , no matter what I tried. I am so sad!
Nothing special, just another pillow.
Works great but made with non expensive materials I think.
Cute idea but 2 of the magnets were broken when we opened the package.
Very nice but I give it a 3 stars because the ball is easy to come
The pillow is more ivory and the stripes are white and blue. I rather it be either ivory or white but it seems like a nice durable material and the tassels are nice durable. It's just ok. Would not purchase again.
This comforter looked great when I bought it for my boyfriend who has gone camo crazy, but the first time I washed it, it knotted up in a couple of spots so it doesn't lay smoothly on the bed. Very disappointed!
We had this in the closet for a week before I noticed the fabric ripped. I'm not blaming the craftsmanship o the item as it could very well be my fault. Just know that it's not super durable.
It's nice looking but bends too easily. My husband had to put screws in the top of the door for it to close the door
It didn't look good with my decor but they are well made.
very gritty... Doesnt work very well with any medium ive tried yet. It does glow nicely but the texture leaves something to be desired.
Fits but not as thick as the factory filter
Super hard, not for a beginner, would be best for someone who has a lot of painting background, also it is not on a canvas as I was expecting, otherwise will look amazing when finished, in a few years! LOL
Make sure to read the dimensions before ordering. They are TINY!
Did not like this product. Not true to a leopard print. Coloring was very off made cheaply.
The Wicks work fine. I just completely submerged the wicks in the oil and let them fully absorb before lighting them, and they worked fine. I was supposed to receive the order in eight days, but they came over on a SLOW BOAT FROM CHINA and arrived about 45 days later. They pushed the arrival date back three times. So, if time is not a factor, order them.
These are not Luxury Linens. They are scratchy and so thin you can see through them. Also several loose threads so I don't imagine they'll last past one wash. I'm asking for a refund to repurchase another brand.
The color is perfect (it's not as blue-green as it looks in the photo), the fabric is soft, but the strap isn't nearly long enough to go around the back of the chair, and without the strap, it will never stay in place. I have extended the strap all the way, but it is still so tight that it yanks the two tabs and the hooks sideways so that the back of the cover is always twisted to one side or the other. I'm going to see if I can just buy a length of elastic and sew it in place permanently. The hooks are a pain. Also, there are no instructions as to what one is supposed to do with the three foam rolls that come with it .... are they supposed to be tucked inside between the seat cushion and the arms and back as a deterrent to the cover coming loose every time one sits down? Not sure that's really going to work. But hey, it's only $23. If it doesn't work, I can throw it away. Or return it. Whatever.
Overall its a decent rug for the price. its soft and works nicely in an already carpeted room just as a pop of color and softness. My one complaint is the smell of it. Im not sure why but the rug has a very strong smell and its been near impossible to get rid of it.
Too narrow, relied on the category "full" size, but still was at least an inch too narrow for my bed, kept slipping off. Had to put slats under it with supports. Also VERY difficult to open up without help.
Good price, but won't be able to use until winter as I get overheated with this mattress pad.
color Reminds me of white noise, I had to cave and go to target to get actual gray covers
Really not as shown in photo. What I received is quite gaudy and reminds me of my mother's overdone tinsel. Not pretty to me, I don't like those big white loops. Just a bit overdone. Also there's very little of it. NOT worth the money. I know you don't feel like leaving the house but suck it up and do it, this is just too expensive.
It works good for small rooms.
Not real sturdy. I can't get it to stay in the lowest, flattest setting. Not meant for heavy shoes, real flimsy.
This seemed like a great idea for when i need jewelry and makeup and im out somewhere else getting ready, and although mine seems sturdy and is useful while hanging... when there is jewelry or other solid things in the pockets it does not fold up as pictured.
As other reviewers noted, we have had the hardest time getting anything to stick to these....hot glue does nothing - not sure how you are supposed to attach anything on here.
Does not stay lite. Awesome aroma.
Super comfortable sheets but after a couple washes they pilling
We have had the product for 4 months and used it nightly for our daughter. It no longer pushes out steam but the light still works. Not very happy that it didn't last very long.
Seams are weak, tearing at zipper already
the material are great, but the Color didnt match the picture shown, disappointed me actually.
I bought these 4 months ago. They look great and I thought they were great quality, until the zipper stopped working on one of them. : (
These are great for the price point but the material isn't as flowy as I would like. We have them hanging and they look nice I just wish they were a little less stiff.
Only one of the two works. It come on, stays in green mode. The other one works perfect. Only did the indoor test so far. Will put out for tonite.
The brass of the frame was thinner than I expected. It looks much more bold in the pics. There was also a scuff on the mirror which caused me to return it. It's an ok mirror, but not what I was looking for.
Vacuum Packaged makes the material look wrinkled and a big disappointment to open and find it rolled up like a towel vaccum packed. It may well do the job of back support but the looks are not great after opening.
I purchased this stainless steel reusable K-cup to replace my broken plastic model. This product is getting 3 stars because there were coffee grounds in my freshly-brewed cup of coffee. I want to stay away from plastic as much as possible, however I didn't have this issue with the plastic cup.
This filter is shrink-wrapped when it's squashed down, so it doesn't arrive round. This isn't Amazon's fault... it is wrapped this way. It will take some time to get it bent back into shape so that it will mount onto the vacuum properly. Mine was folded so severely that the rubber seal was cracked on one side where it was bent. It still sealed OK.
The pockets are very stiff and you cant put a water bottle in it without it tipping over.
I wish the back were wider as that is where my Maine Coon likes to perch. Also, I am constantly adjusting the cover every time I sit in the chair.
It is very very sturdy but the picture doesn't actually let you see the craftmanship. It could've been made better. The design looks like broken pieces of glass and you can see some of the glue they used to stick the pieces on. Not good for a centerpiece but if you're looking for a nice piece to put your keys or mail, it'll do the job
Not durable, while placing on mattress a hole formed. It's extremely hot to sleep on.
But I do love how it looks all lit up. I'm using Energizer batteries too, and it's only on for 5 hours a day (on an automatic timer).
When I first got this unit it ran smooth and now that it has been in use for a few months you have to hit it to get it to stop making so much racket. but it does do its job
It does not hold charge as long as we'd like. It's a fair buy for the price.
I like that it works fine, I don't like that it came with a crack in it already. Colors are decent. It doesn't look bad.
These sheets are decently soft, but will not last. They are thin polyester I too was mislead by the title. They are also bright baby/sky blue and not really aqua. Update: 6 months later they are still going strong. Adding a star since I did not originally expect them to last this long.
The thread came off of several of the hair ties but it doesn't damage my hair. I use them every day
Very loud...sounds like freight train going through your sewing room...
It's flimsy but I guess that's what you get when you spend as much as I did on this thing. It's not the easiest to sweep with - especially on tile.
I bought this because it came up when I searched for 100% cotton cover -- even though it wasn't. I didn't read carefully and it's microfiber. It's hot and pills. Its my fault for ordering it and keeping it, but I'll never buy microfiber bedding ever again.
Nice sheets and priced well, but keeps slipping off my mattress when I elevate the mattress.
Well It was not what I expected. It is as described and works, but it is very thin. I will have to just go out and buy another one. I would say this is more for a cheap landlord trying to get a small apartment ready for someone. Im worried the kids will pull on it too hard and it will tear off the hooks. That is how thin it is.
The clock locked nice but it was difficult to read because light constantly reflected off the face.
The ornament that I received had a hairline crack with paint chipping across the top of it. Also the detail of the painting was sloppy in several spots. I immediately re-ordered another one because i need it for a specific gift in a few days. I hope the second one is in better shape when it arrives. It was not in a box, only bubble wrap in a yellow envelope. I would definitely recommend shipping it in a box in the future.
I purchased several of these for gifts but felt the quality was not good. They look and feel cheap to me. I returned them. I had planned on ordering the "Old City" natural bore bristle lint brushes, but they were sold out. They are excellent quality and truly hand made. A great design too.
If you have really big shoes like my hubby it's still out far from the door
I didn't think the red part was going to be flat. My mom has one (it's very old) and I was very excited to see this on here thinking it would be similar. It would be much easier to use if it had a bit of a curve outward so you didn't have to contort to use this product.
I don't know if it's me but I have a good sense of smell I used 3-4 drops on my car air diffuser and the smell is not potent at all. I will return to review again but I don't smell it at all. However it arrived earlier than expected that was good.
Soft and fits our king bed great. However one of the pillowcases arrived with a hole in it.
Adorable! Wish they would have been full size. A little too small
Wasn't impressed with the color, not a bright gold at all.
Smaller than expected. Disappointing. Price was appropriate. Quality is okay.
These are ok sheets at a reasonable price. They took two washes to get soft. The flannel is pretty thick. However the stitching in the corners of the fitted sheet is already coming loose, and I've only had them a month.
Three stars for a beautiful jar, but the smell is more sweet, almost rose scent over the earthy smoky scent of Amber and Sandalwood combined. Burned once and put up for sale in the local community.
I didn't like the item but I guess you get what you pay for.
Okay its my fault because I didnt read how big it actually was but this is like 5 times the size I thought it would be. Its huge! Way too big for my dresser, pretty but way too big.
I did not read that they were MINI!!
Good design. Bad build quality. Meh.
I do not like this product. Idk if I got. Faulty one but myself and customers complained the last two mornings of an ear peircing hum. I was unable to use it this morning. Waste of money and I am devastated because the glow was great 😞
Scent is good but doesn't last very long.
I have not noticed it helping out in drainage in any way nor can you smell any lemon.
It works but you will sweat on a low temperature
I like nearly everything about it. The problem for me is every time we have a power outage you lose some or all of the historical data. Customer support says no solution other than spending another $130. and buy their Access equipment. Who buying a weather station with Rain Records would think, for example, you're in the middle of a thunder storm which has produced 2 inches of rain. Then, all of a sudden you have a brief power outage (which is common during thunder storms), power comes back on and now this ongoing storm has produced 0 rain because the power outage lost your current data. All you have left is the yearly rainfall which does not include the 2 inches that fell just before the power outage. Really! Yes,really!
It helped a little, not nearly the amount of effect I was hoping for.
I wouldn't buy again just because of the 2 strap/tie in bows/way of getting sunlight. Two handed and time consuming. Other than that the material is better than great and craftmanship the same
Good for a 2nd bath. I wouldn't recommend for a primary bathroom. Very cheaply made.
Beck massager is too weak. Just feels like vibrations
I really love these, ordered 2 sets, problem is one set is 2" shorter than the other set, looks a little funny, so I'm going to order another set and hope they match one of the sets I already have.
Third humidifier I purchased for apartment this year. This one feels exceptionally cheap, difficult and messy to take tank off, open, fill and re-assemble.
The shelf looks good but it is a tough install.
I'm giving 3 stars because all sizes were mixed sms it added 2 hours to my project but when I was finished the stones were beautiful.
Doesn't put out tons of heat but stays too cool to the touch on the outside so I can put back in my locker at work. You just have to be really close to it even on high.
A lot smaller than I thought
I did not like it very much,they turn around and water comes in and the eggs are not round.
The roses are pretty small, not very full and lively like picture.
I ordered this product color black and in the picture it looks black, front and back but when I received it, it didn't have the color black on the back, only the front and the price is too high for 2 neck pillows.
seem to fall over easy
I didn't realize until after placing the order that this was coming from China. Seem to be just as describe but becaus it took several weeks to get here, I had to find another source for them.
the product is longer/larger than I expected, cannot fit at where I want it originally, but overall it's ok, just have to change the location. fit at open walls, but not behind any doors, it's longer than it.
I bought this set because I wanted cotton sheets for my bed which wasnt too expensive . It looked good online but the biggest attraction for me was the price . The sheets are soft but extremely dull looking. They dont look new at all and the wobbling makes its worse. I wake up every morning with the wisps of wobble on my clothes. I dont know how its gonna look after I wash it. No regrets coz I spent less money but if u r looking for a quality product , invest another 20 bucks and get a good quality one.
This was ordered at same time as another item. The other came promptly, but this one delayed for whatever reason. UPS seems to have had trouble this year (at least to me) I ordered many things through Amazon and all that were fullfilled by amazon arrived as expected. Those through UPS struggled. This item finally came Christmas Eve and it is a great gift!
Love the body style,safety lock and attachments. Using for added household cleaning for sanitizing furniture, floors, mattresses, base board edging(above& below), Windows and window seals. Dislikes: doesn't get hot enough with wand for floors, not enough holes in floor and tile steam heads. The rubber rings around the connectors that act as seals, need improving they snapped into after first use. Take a long time to cool off to reload with water to finish your work. Safety mechanism isn't going to unlock till completely cool. Steam outburst need to be stronger. Only had for a few days and I'm unhappy feeling stuck with it right now. Need a lot of improvements. The cloth attachment is a neat idea and it is washable.. I'll just confine to boil water ,sponge and spray the old fashion way I guess. Oh and I couldn't tell if reservoir was empty or not. Ooh well later.
I had some other cheaper water proof covers for my grandparents bed and wanted one for my own now, but wanted something more soft/silent than protective. The top of this is kind of a scruffy terry cloth and its almost as noisy as waterproof pvc covers. Its also a huge pain to put on- for some stupid reason the zipper starts partway down a long side, instead of being able to open one short end like a pillow case and slide it up, so you have to open two sides and still fight the starting corner thats still zipped. Much more difficult to put on this full size one than other king size ones that open all the way on a short end, a two person job if you can't pick up the whole mattress. Its strong and well made, but not what I was hoping for in quiet/softness and definitely would not use in a scenario that needs to be changed frequently.
falls apart easily... but very festive!
It's really cute but I don't expect it to last by just one more season.
It is hard to pick colors online. Some products state a color but then they are too light or too dark, etc. This is a pretty item. Smaller than I expected. But the picture does not show how cherry it is. I wish the picture showed it, because it is very cherry. The description says that it is cherry, but I have bought other cherry items and they have not been this bright. They actually look like on the picture and matched my other furniture better.
I purchased this to keep from bending or standing in the tub to clean the tiles. It has excellent quality sponges. It would be better with a more durable pole. It does not stay extended during use.
I should have gotten different size. These ok
I was excited to get these salad tongs but was disappointed when I found that it was difficult to open. Hopefully it will get the more often we use them.
Very cheap, it's just paper glued onto wood, but I knew that going in buying these fans. They did the job but started breaking after a few hours under stress but you get for what you pay for.
Shelf was bent. Piece that goes into shelf pole to screw it in was missing for one pole. Box had hole and pieces were loose so probably fell out in shipment. Hoping they will just send us the missing piece as the box won't work to ship it back plus it's almost together. Other than these issues the shelf itself is sturdy and seems easy to put together if we had everything
Good weight cardstock, although the term "pastel" is a little inaccurate, the blue in particular is darker than I had hoped for. The thing that annoyed me though was the price on the packaging - half of what I paid for it! I know it's convenient and people want to make a profit, but a 100% markup when the price is on the packaging seems unreasonable.
This does the job. Got white for some brightness in a usually darker cabinet for under the kitchen sink. My perfectionism is bothered by the fact that the folds stay pretty prominent when cut and laid out. My rational mind tells me that it is literally hidden away in a cabinet where stuff will be placed on top anyway. Great price compared to other under the sink mats I've encountered, for sure!
I haven't washed this product yet so will not be able to rate it.
Seals well but really darkens the gold look and turns it into a matt finish. Not real happy about that. I will keep this for back sealing but not use it for sealing a project where it must be applied on top.
This was my Christmas present. This would be used to replace a full length mirror and a small vanity that opens from the top. I thought this could hold all my jewelry and makeup and hair stuff. It was delivered on time in a huge box that had large holes in it. I read the reviews and knew to check for damage and make sure all the parts were there. They were and we had it put together in 15 minutes. I do agree with others that it is easier with two people. The two shelves in the back were packaged together in tight plastic wrap. They seemed fine. But when I took them out of the plastic - one was broken. The back brace part that screws into the cabinet - was coming off. We glued and taped it. I was not happy because the way it was packaged made it easy to break the shelves. There was a lose brace just moving around in the shelf during shipping. This is what broke the shelf. Part of the reason I bought this armoire was that the customer service was rated high if there was a problem. I spent the next two hours organizing all my stuff inside it. It held everything I needed it to but my earrings. There is little space for earrings. I hung all my necklaces in that space and the allotted space for necklaces too. I had to use the bracelet row for them too. I agree with another reviewer that the mirror is not needed in my case. I would rather have the space too. The ring area is way to large and also could have been used for something else. You do have to be careful about making sure to put necklaces were the door can fully close. All my makeup and hair stuff did fit in the back. I found boxes to actually fit and keep all my stuff from falling off. I attached a power strip in the back to plug in my electric razor and blow dryer! I alerted customer service the next day about my broken shelf. Bruce promised me a five star experience and said he was replacing the shelf for me. That was over a month ago. This is the reason for my 3 star review. I have a shelf that is glued and duct taped together on a $200.00 piece of furniture! It is holding for now, but I don't have much on it. I feel like this is a damaged piece of furniture that I can not use to the fullest because of one shelf. It is very disappointing. Otherwise, it was worth the money. It turns easily and the Roomba does not disturb it. I did replace the pull on it too. The pull it comes with is tiny. I replaced it with one that is larger and easier to grab and hold onto. It looks beautiful in my bedroom. It looks like a high end piece of furniture. I have in the corner of my room but it could fit in a walk in closet nicely. It is a very dark chocolate color. In all, I am happy with this purchase but disappointed that I paid so much for it and they can't send me a shelf after multiple emails. So buy this knowing it may never be perfect.
Mixed feelings about this item. The plastic clips fall off but go right back on. This is a functional item.
The vacuum works well but the mopping, not so much. The solution puts out two streaks instead of a solid streak that is equal to the size of the pad.
Only good for small room and no way to set it to turn off by temp selection
Some of the bad reviews I did not experience but the finish had a defect. Clearly on top and easy for QC to see...not sure if I am sending back...I would not buy this for someone unless you get to look it over first.
They have a very funny smell upon opening, almost like a strong bleach/chlorine/chemical smell. After a couple washes it is getting better, but not sure if I would purchase them again.
I bought 4 of these pillows. Three were a gift and I kept one for myself. I followed the instructions to leave outside and unfortunately the pillow is just super lumpy.
It is similar to the blankets I can buy at Walmart for half the price. Love the design tho.
I'm ok with it... It doesn't have a scent so I'm happy about that...
We don't think the quality is up to the original Sears filters. They need to be turned over too often because they dry out too fast. The best thing about them is the aluminum support between the two mess sides so they don't flop over immediately. These should be worked on still considering the cost.
Well they are really small. But they will work for the reception. Overall they're very cute. I like wee things
Arrived today and had two dents. The box was not damaged. Requested replacement and will be sending this one back tomorrow since amazon makes this so easy. Fingers crossed the next one arrives dent free or I will return and go to a store. But for the dents it's a beautiful trash can.
The pattern is pretty and the smell is nice, but it's incredibly frustrating trying to get them to lay flat. Even with double stick tape it's not working very well. I'm hoping once I put things in the drawers they will stay in place.
Very pretty, nice material. Only problem is it came VERY WRINKLED and I can NOT get the wrinkles all out. I thought the steam from the shower would do it over time, but still wrinkles!
Definitely firm and support, but smaller than expected.
while i believe that this would make a great gift, i have found other sellers charging almost $4.00 less than what i paid and i purchased two. check around before buying.
It was hard to put together and was much smaller than I thought.
The reasons I am knocking these pretty curtains down to 3 stars: 1) They are NOT noise reducing in ANY way, as falsely claimed in the description and Q&A. I bought two sets for that specific purpose, and they don't do squat to reduce noise. We have them used behind glass French doors for an office that was turned into a guest room, and at the base of a staircase that leads to a pseudo bedroom (bonus room without full walls or a door), to try to reduce the noise going up the stairs. It has perhaps reduced the echo, but any curtain would do that. 2) They are NOT wrinkle-free out of the package, nor after a wash and dry. All four panels that we bought have fold marks. Since you can't use a hot iron to get the wrinkles out, they're there to stay (a cooler iron did nada). 3) They cannot be washed on warm, which would probably help get the wrinkles out. The instructions say not to wash them above 185 degrees. I had to look that up to see what temp that would be on a normal washing machine. It's cool. Warm is too warm and would likely damage the slight sheen to the curtains. Hot would probably melt the metal rings. So while they're quite nice, they stay wrinkled and they don't block out sound. They do a good job blocking light and they're a good value. But they didn't do what I bought them for, so I am not impressed.
These sheets were too stiff and wrinkled for me
Nice case, just one problem, my crochet hooks are all ergo handle which do not fit in the elastic sections, so not much use except for the hooks I hardly use.
Bought these and really didn't need them... I just kept them since they were not expensive!
The material is fairly cheap. It's easy to bend and actually arrived bent. The screws are cheap, too, and one broke upon installation. It needs to be half the price. The user manual is filled with typos and awkward spacing, like "Tow Years warranty for you!", "After heating , the film will be take off easily," etc. Really high quality product as they've mentioned, eh? The manual lists no contact information although it says to contact them if you aren't happy with the product.
Too thin for moving, may use it for keeping dust free. Easily ripped by finger pull, we end up using double bags for a single queen bed.
My husband is awaiting hip replacement surgery. He wanted extra padding under his hip while sleeping. Unfortunately this pad only provides minimal relief. Perhaps this pad is best for a pets bed. We also found a tear in the corner of the pad. Overall the pad arrived quickly, and the price was right.
Its like regular acrylic paint there nothing special about it its doesnt fade away until you was it then you have to touch it up to have the same brightness.
These are okay but you absolutely have to rinse them and water. Which is kind of a pain.
I guess I got what I paid for. This pillow is flimsy and unsupportive.
Fabric is nice. Colors are pretty. Love the picture of sea turtle. Didn't like the face sewn into the pillow seam
Very thin, but I guess will work in a pinch
Not the quality I was hoping for. Colors are so muted hard to see image even with second curtain behind it.
The suction cup didn't hold on our marble tile shower. More than that, though, the angle of the holder couldn't be adjusted enough to aim the handheld sprayer enough for use "hands free". Because of it, we didn't try using the 3M adhesive and returned it. The seller was very good on the return.
Good theme but were smaller than pictured.
I like the varied colors and the bonus yellow tapes, but find the red print difficult to read on the retractable measures. How much they may stretch with use, only time will tell...
Works great for keeping out the sun and heat.Wish the reflection was somewhat darker to give more privacy
These eyes are not too bad if your not planning to sell your handmade items. They have streaks thru a lot of the color ones. The black ones are fine. Also the backs that you snap on them end up ripping so then they don't hold the eyes in. Was a little sad that they aren't made better.
They are ok, not like my first set I ordered.
Not quite the quality I expected
ITEMS IS GOOD FOR DECOR BUT NOT FOR USE.
Started out a good product and looked/worked as advertised. However, about a month into using it, the shelves begin to sag. No heavy weight has been applied to it, it's just a couple pairs of tights or some workout shirts. Combined weight less than a pound, but as time goes by, they sag progressively more.
The battery doesn't last for crap but it's adorable and easy to move around to use
Item was not as described. I bought two packs of these Oasis ukulele strings. Warm Low G and Bright Low G. The 2nd (E) string in the warm pack is too short, measuring at 40 inches while strings 1 & 3 measuring 63 inches. In both packs the 4th string (low G) came with two in the pack, measuring at 40 inches each. The 2nd string in the Bright pack measured at 63 inches. I will get one use out of the warm set but the description clearly states that you get enough to string two ukuleles. Unfortunately I will have to purchase another E string in order to use the others strings left in package. I can't wait to try them out on my ukulele to hear how they sound. I will update this review in a few days or so after they settle in an I can really hear them.
The dispenser works but the caps don't line up with the bottles...assuming it's a manufacturing defect.
Very pretty they look very nice and a dish in the bathroom They do not have scent... they're supposed to
Good money's worth BUT about a 1/3 of the acrylics were dry.
One rug was smaller than anticipated
this is just okay but there's none other out there that are better, I don't understand why it's so difficult to find a good sink saddle. The suction cups don't stick all the time the plastic get stained easy but it's basic and pretty Universal fit.
Used as a decal on a cornhole board, went on very smoothly. The decal is extremely thin and one of the wings ripped when peeling it from the backing. Thankfully I was able to hide the rip when placing the body of the owl over it
Ehhhh....should've saved my money and went to Hobby Lobby. They are not at all as pretty as the ones shown - colors are not as bright, very cheaply made. Mine did not fluff out like some others said it would. Luckily they're in a room in my house no one goes in. Wouldn't recommend.
My daughter was super disappointed that this does not glow with her blacklight.
Honestly the taste i get from the coffee i make in this french press is not the greatest and in my opinion is because it is due to getting metal rather than glass. This was actually my replacement for the glass french press that i had. When it comes to making loose tea though this is definitely my preference though primarily I am a coffee drinker.
Though this project was easy-to-do and had a map that was a pleasure to follow, the end product was much too dark. Very little of the beach was highlighted, and the rowboat was in deep shadow, barely noticeable. I won't display it in my home.
What I dislike; the color was not as expected, what would like; is very soft.
Will be returning both leather sides that I purchased. Asked for a tan or light brown, and SLC did accommodate that request. Unfortunately, they sent a hideous crocodile skin patterned leather for both sides. I guess my take away is to send them a list of prioritized wishes for your leather. Color, texture, pattern, etc.
These are super soft, heavy duty and warm. But after a few days, they wouldn't stay tight and both the top and fitted sheets would bunch up by the morning. There is a sateen finish on the bottom side making them super slippery, causing them to slide up the mattress. If they stayed taut, they'd be awesome! But my husband also thinks they're too hot. The purple is a little more maroon color than plum, but still very pretty.
Functionality is not great. I wish it had a setting where you could return to the previous one. Don't like that I have to push 7 buttons every time I turn it on. The chord is also very short. I do like the design. It has a very sleek modern look to it
This is very cheaply made. Not sturdy. Sometimes it just falls apart or falls completely. Nice looking but not sturdy at all
Love the multiple heat settings and color. But the blanket is very heavy and slippery. It's excessively difficult to keep on bed
I used this for my pants in the closet when I had to move it a couple of times it completely fell apart
I really liked the smell but when I tried to spray, it came out in drops not in spray or even most form. It got all over my hands.....now what do i Do? What a waste.
Seems to do the job. The color isn't as vibrant as the picture. It's more of a pastel aqua. And my case came dented and beat up. There's scratches on the sides. They should probably box them instead of sending them in plastic bags.
It's very poor quality for the price. Its extremely thin, like a t-shirt. It could never keep you warm. I wanted an actual blanket and not just a decoration on top of other blankets. It's very soft but no thicker than a t-shirt.
It looks nice. But it took so long for shipping, and its corner is broken.
Bought this to protect my king bed from a 10 week old puppy. The blanket is too small. It makes a terrible crinkling sound, akin to a dog toy. This makes my puppy go insane, and attack the blanket...all i wanted was protection while my pup gets potty trained, but i got a sleepless night instead.
The overall size and length of carrying straps were pluses. Price was reasonable. It could be improved by adding a piece to stiffen the bag so it would hold a shape like shown in the picture above. It was difficult to start loading the wood as the sides and ends flopped together and had to be held apart while loading wood. I may cut a piece of plywood to fit the base and attach a wood dowel at the 4 corners to help shape it.
i like the wheels for going up and down stairs........i do not like the size...its not big enough
The material is lighter than other wire shelving I have purchased. It was easy to put together. I am using it in my basement to organize the junk I keep:) I used it to store lighter items, sure it will work fine.
It's good quality. The hooks don't fit tightly over our normal closet door, so imagine it could leave scratches if left there long enough. Our primary reason for returning ours is the SIZE. It isn't large enough to hold a week's worth of laundry for one person (which is how often we wash). However, I am keeping one to take when we go camping. I think the size will be perfect for that.
The board was cracked in several places so I had to tape it to make it work properly.
This is an absolutely beautiful Bible cover I'm giving it three stars because the large does not fit the average Bible I also wish it had pockets other than that it was beautiful I had to give it away because it's too hard for me to return things to Amazon as I'm in a wheelchair I wish they had UPS pickup things like they used to I hope that this review helps the strap handle does not seem that sturdy either I plan to order possibly the same case in a larger size when I have the money
Trust the other reviews and save yourself the aggravation! I really like the print on this pillowcase-thus the 3 stars. However, as others have stated, the zipper opening is ridiculously tiny!!! It will take a team of people to wrangle a body pillow into the tiny opening on this pillowcase. It's half as big as the small end of the case. I guess they must have only had tiny zippers on hand? Anyway, after struggling for 10 minutes, I was completely frustrated by my inability to fit the pillow through the zippered opening, and just gave up. I could see the signs of stress on the pillowcase at the zipper's end, and am afraid it's going to rip next time I try to put a pillow in there. Bummer... :(
The Idea of this. Is Beautiful, But They All Stuck Together. Now I'm Ordering Another one! All Those letters to unstick, Not That .Easy!
It's honestly the best feeling comforter I have purchased....... but the quality at first seemed amazing till my first wash and then the stitching just started falling apart and it's very prone to tears so buy this with caution
I do like the colors, but the sizes needs to be a little bigger. I can only place these on a shelf. Maybe if they enhance the size, like a ruler stick, it would suffice!!
Very dissapointed! The stars did not come with the stickers attached. So someone had to sit and peel a super tiny sticker and attach it to the stars. Then they did not want to glow very brightly even after shining a light on each star.
Would be much better if it were a wedge with a full taper to the bottom. There's too much material at the bottom where the thighs sit and it's uncomfortable for more than a five minute drive, at least for me. I feel like it would cut off circulation on a longer trip. Did reduce my sciatica and back pain, though, so I'm just going to seek out a different model.
The mosaic is uneven and looks messy instead of hand-crafted. I'd purchased this for my daughter's godparents but returned it and got something else.
Not very well maid . I had to use tape to hold it together. I will say the unit cleans very good!
Really doesn't work well in practice because you have to pull them out to get your shoe and put them back in. That extra step is a pain that causes extra time. Also the plastic insert that holds that heel really doesn't hold up over time. I find it falling out often. And don't even think about using this if your shelf has a bit of an angle.
they where was i was looking for, but they did not last long.
There is nothing sturdy on the bottom of these so very uncomfortable to pick up and then put back on the shelf, you need to use both hands and pick up by both sides on the top, or it collapses. Durable, and nice product otherwise, would be much better if had something on the bottom, even a cardboard ...
Wasn't as big as I thought they would be. I'm not sure it will fit an average size Mason jar. I gave 3 stars because it was fast delivery. I'm going to try and use them on small Mason jars
I love the fan's circulating features, but I had another one (gift) which I broke while trying to find a way to CLEAN it. Don't know what I'll do when this one gets dirty.
I wasn't impressed I was hoping for a large enough plastic like material This is more like felt I couldn't fit under kitchen sink
Some pocketed area is useless.
The images are misleading. The full/tall base shown in the default picture #1 is not the base I received. The statue I received is the one with the short base shown in picture #2. I don't know what I was thinking but I bought expecting/hoping to receive the full/taller base. In either case, the statue is really very nice and certainly worth the price paid. Although,I was disappointed, I do intend to keep it with the shorter base.
Packaging of frames not sufficient. Frames seem to be broken in delivery
It didn't state anywhere that this is indoor use only. This was meant for an outdoor Christmas decoration. Since it was so inexpensive, we are going to use it outdoors anyway and if it dies,🤷🏻‍♀️
The covers are more orange than coral
The frame is as pictured. Beautiful but the back of it did chip easily. Just trying to put my diploma in it a small piece broke off. You can't see it once it's hung so I kept it.
This is tee shirt material, and I imagine it will last about that long. It was a nice match to my navy blue chair. It was easy to put on and fits the Seat really well, but is too short for the arms; doesn't come down to the bottom of the chair. Not worth sending back as it covers the tops of the arms well, and comes half way down them. Also it was a really good pric
Comfy but the static electricity is pretty bad for me.
Quick delivery but the suction cups pulled out on the first use.
Looks & feels great. One con is that it's longer than my refrigerator door.
Kind of hard but worked nice for party
Kinda cheap but it served the purpose. It was thin but it did not break. Very easy to assemble.
Catches lint very well
Not made well was disappointed. The trim put on the edge makes it curl up and behave strange...
Unable to assemble last two shelves due to missing parts. Seller unable to send replacement parts, so gave me a small credit. Doesn't really help since my 10 shelf unit is now only an 8 shelf unit. The partially assembled rack is sturdy, lightweight and has easy to follow instructions. If I had received all of the parts, it would have been perfect for my purpose.
Not as big as I thought it was, but good enough for the price that I paid
This was easy to install, looks ok, but I had to put 3 sheets across to cover the window, which is just a standard 23" wide. The other option was to have the lines go vertically, but that looked funny and would still need 2 separate pieces to cover the window.
Came as described/expected. No surprises. Great value. However this product would benefit greatly from a non slip base to more easily strip knives/razors.
Sputtered water out of the top after taking it in and out of the car. But otherwise it's okay
My dog love them,but it took about 1minute for him to finish.Way too fast for the money
I threw it out, but giving it three stars becasue it gave me the idea of putting a hook into the wall on each side to hold the curtain in place, removing the last curtain ring on each end.
Just ok!! I was hoping for softness and thickness, but this did not do it. Just FAIR!
Very well made, self stick pages work great, but pages are slightly on the small end. 8x10 pictures are slightly too large for the pages provided. If you have 8x10 pictures, don't buy this product. Anything smaller will work just fine.
Filter loses shape quickly. Cannot be turned as it falls apart.
I guess you get what you pay for. Super thin towels & they create a lot of lint on your body even after washing them a few times thinking it would go away. Great if you want decoration & you'll never use them, but if you want to use them, I would buy elsewhere.
It would be a 5 star but they sent the product with incomplete materials. They send 4 bolts to connect the pieces but didn't include the 4 nuts to secure the bolts. I contacted both the seller and amazon and was told they can't just send me the nuts... I would have to do a full return/refund and re order it. How SILLY!! So instead I went to the hardware store to purchase the nuts. The product itself is a 5 star but I didn't buy online to have to still go to the store to get parts for it.
The metal ones work fine. The beads are too small to get on. The thing that comes with it to try to get the beads on is razor sharp! Buy a different threader if you're going to try to use the wooden beads.
I am conflicted. The tree is very beautiful. However, the snow comes off everywhere. I am thinking about returning it because of this reason. It is a great tree and I love the look/idea of the flocking. The tree makes a mess and if you plan to decorate with lights and ornaments it will make an even bigger mess!
It doesn't mention that the blanket automatically after 2 hours.
Nice fan, but the grilled cover makes a noise due to fan movement/vibration. Has a very bright blue LED light which may bother some people who prefer to sleep in the dark. Remote is really good.
I bought these frames to go with my industrial farmhouse home decor. Although they go well with the decor, I thought they were pretty expensive for the quality you get. The frames were not painted very well and are not sanded down well either. It is very easy to get splinters (so handle with care). Not too long after I purchased these frames, I found slightly smaller frames at Ross for 8 dollars each. With those frames, I didn't have to deal with potential splinters and they look just as good.
It's an attractive sign and looks good on my house. However, the "No Soliciting" part is so small that it gets ignored by most.
Smaller then I expected them to be, but still going to use them
These will be great with my new outdoor balcony furniture which is grey on grey. Can't wait for the furniture to come so I can place them. Like that they are varying patterns. I took off 1 star because it was not made clear that these were cases and not actual pillows so rushing to order the guts to arrive in time. I took off the 2nd star as the pattern is not 360. The backside is white. And since this is an outdoor pillow I have a feeling it will get dirty really quickly which I am not looking forward to.
I ordered this for my daughter because she loves Spirited Away. It is adorable. Within a couple of days, my daughter was upset because it tore a little bit.
Weighted blanket and cover looks good. One issue: I received 48 x 72 cover instead of 60 x 80.
The bottons are really cute and perfect for my use as decorative on puppy clothing. My only issue is the studs bend very easily. I'm afraid I'm going to end up with a bunch of buttons without any studs to attach them.
CHINA SHIT WHEN IT GOT HOT THE TIP BAND AND ALSO HOT STAMPS ALPHABET DOS NOT FEET THE WOOD BURNER IT NOT THE SAME THREAD
Melt ridiculously fast and they get badly stuck inside of candle holders.
Ow. This is painful to use and my hands are pretty strong. I would assume men would find it much easier to use, but since I'm not one, I guess I'm on the struggle bus. It pulls the skin back from under my thumbnail 😬.
Paper thin , so if you want paper thin this is it ! Also not 12x12 if putting in an album you must cut it to fit . Not happy about that.
Good for beginners but needs to be hotter for better results.
Very flimsy and thin. Works for now.
Good quality, little short for my table since there were two different measurements in the description. I thought I'd take a chance and hope for the measurement I needed but got the shorter one. Still works since I put a table cover underneath.
These are great stencils, easy to use with a great variety of shapes. But they come INDIVIDUALLY wrapped in plastic! I honestly felt guilty about the purchase when I realized how many tiny plastic bags I'd have to throw away.
Curtains are acceptable however there are no matching tie-backs. It's going to be really tough to find matching material to make them. Curtains like this should have tiebacks included. .
Might work great for wood but not great for leather.
Looks nice, but it could've been done better with better quality!
The hard plastic piece in at the foot needs to be moved lower or moved over so your foot doesn't hit . It's very annoying to hit in the night.
I installed the light but have no idea where the sticks go. It says that the smaller ones go in the white holes but there are no white holes. Someone help me please. This is ridiculous.
This is a nice solution for storing your Instax Minis, but they are loose in the pockets and want to slide out every time you turn the page. Perhaps putting a bit of double sided tape on the back side will help.
I LOVED the height and that there were already lights and that it was narrow. It fit great in my small living room, but fluffing it was a huge struggle because the built-in lights were on green wires that seemed to be all tangled in the branches. It comes apart in 3 big pieces, which is way better than having to remove every branch. We're just keeping it set up in our storage room in the off-season. Reviews and photos made it appear much fuller than it actually ended up being. Maybe next year I'll wrap some pine garland or picks through it or something... Also the light options are fun - white OR color OR both, etc... then several transition/flicker options (had to hide that from the toddler). Putting a vintage looking star on the top made of lightweight metal stuff was a struggle because the top little pine branch was flimsy and you basically have to put it onto the main pipe that runs up the center... which was larger than the opening for my star (bummer) - I forced it on, but it was generally crooked). So all in all I have mixed feelings, but I'm gonna make it work cuz of the height and how narrow and lovely the lights are when on (VERY BRIGHT!)
I love the clock, but it wiggles a little on the the pedestal? Not sure if I should return. Will be ok I guess as long as it does not get worse. It Is beautiful and the 3 stars are only due to the slight wobble issue - would have given it 5 stars.
Good enough for beginners but not made very well. If you really like Tunisian crochet, I would suggest be investing in better needles.
Looks awesome once you figure out how to place this on your wall. But lack of clear instructions and the fact that this could have been a complete waist of time and money will only allow me to give it 3 stars. Get your patience ready
A lot smalle and cheaper looking but It does the trick
Product arrived damaged on the inside of the sealed box.
Not real great quality, but for the price, you get what you pay for.
It worked great for a few months but the tabs that hold it together became brittle and broke from the summer heat
The colors are not as they appear. More just medium blue with some darker areas. There is no turquoise or aqua like you see in the picture. It's attractive though. The hole for flowers is quite small (about 1 inch diameter and 6 inches deep). And the vase is narrow (see dimensions in description), so it doesn't look the same all the way around. Not what I expected, but still a nice vase, or even just a decorating piece.
Brown is faded and much smaller than anticipated. Would not recommend. Appear cheaply made.
One clip broke while I was putting on the first time. Still holds the sheet on though. Just found the flying part after a week, will see if I can repair
Knockoff...Smells ok but definitely not the real deal
I like it, but I bought it to hang in my trees. Thought it was a little bigger than this. The head isn't much bigger than my fist. So, it may be about 4ft long, but its not a good view from a distance. It would have been better if it was bigger, but its alright if you are walking close to it.
Much smaller than I expected or needed but still a very nice little case
I'm not sure how this product stacks up due to upon receiving it the box was in shambles one end completely gone with clear tape to replace the missing cardboard on the box - I opened it & there was 2 pieces in it ... there are way more than 2 pieces to this item .. it appears most of the pieces fell out of the torn up box in the mailing process .. I have since decided to just get a refund & order a different product ...
I don't know why this pillow has such high reviews. My hips still hurt, it's super big that it takes up half of our queen bed, and it's just really not that comfortable. I would've much rather purchased a pilow that is just straight rather than the U-shape. I'm actually flipping it the other way so I can use my regular pillow for my head since this one just isn't comfortable. I'm having to double up the two ends rather than wrapping my leg over just one side of the U-pillow so it's very annoying to adjust when I'm changing sides in the night. The only positive I can see is AFTER pregnancy for breast-feeding. I've realized if you put the top of the U behind your back then the ends fold nicely in front of your body and you can rest your arms and breast-feeding baby on it quite comfortably. For this reason it's great (other than being huge) but for pregnancy is why I purchased it and it just is not doing what I hoped for.
One arrived broken. The other is great so far.
I thought it would give more privacy than it does & filter the light better. Given the chance I'd pick a darker design. Installation isn't difficult, instructions are very clear.
great gag gift. Easily damaged, but easily fixed with super glue.
Cheaper looking than I was expecting. Thought it would be similar to another brand I purchased from Target that was out of stock in the size I needed. Unfortunately, no.
A little more green than I was expecting.
The paint does not glow very well under the black light and its hard to paint with. You have to put it on thick which means multiple coats. I didn't like how they packaged it in a box with a false bottom to make it look like there is more paint.
the hold in place straps are located too far towards the top, making it a bad fit for both of my recliners. will have to add my own tie on to make it function better.
They're really cute but they don't work very well, even when there's full sunshine on them. The black cat stopped completely working for some reason.
Smaller and less strong than I expected,.. but still works for smaller items.
Really nice painting but not as vibrant and bold as I hought it would be..Has no texture..not as excited with this product
First, I bought the 4oz. It smelled great and was strong enough for my small bathroom. When I shook it, it looked milky purple. Loved the smell. I bought the 8oz to replace the empty 4 oz container, and I do not smell it, or barely. It's bigger and I don't smell it. Also, when I shake it, it doesn't have the milky purple look of my previous container. I think they changed something in their recipe and I do not like it. I planned on buy big more as I really like my previous container. But, I paid more and got less scent. ☹️ Very disappointed.
It's ok. I don't think the sticky ruler will last.
I looked at the dimensions and knew it would be small. The problem I have is that the jars don't sit level on the plate. It needs to be flatter, the outside candles are leaning into the middle one. Disappointing.
Not the thickest of table cloths and shows some stains after wiping but still in decent shape to use at least one time.
I like this simple design but price is a little bit expensive than I expected because of shipping fee and tax.Quality is not bad~
It is a nice little heater but the thermostat control is just high and low, not adjustable, no setting in between. Also, it does not oscillate on fan-only setting, just on the heat setting.
It's comfortable only because it's a duvet, and you have to put your own comforter inside of it. I ordered a king size, and it's DEFINITELY not king, it's very short, barely even covers my mattress. As far as looks, it's a very pretty duvet, just wish it was king sizes as described
Wasn't quite as sturdy as I thought it should be.
I just got my set in the mail. I Love them, but it's missing the rubber gasket for the blue cup container. Is there any way to get the gasket without returning the set? If I can get the gasket without returning them, they would definitely get a 5 star rating.
Quality seems good so far. But the extra outlet the mirror has is an issue. When anything is plugged into it the lights begin to flicker rendering it useless. I fear it will short the whole thing.
Small and very cheapest quality
Product does warm and dry towels well enough . Also, there is no automatic turn-off so you must remember to switch it off.
Issue with battery compartment. Glue leak at bottom of compartment not allowing battery to make contact
I had high expectations for this mirror because of the great reviews but it is way smaller than I expected. The suction is really great though and it holds well. This mirror is just tiny.
This is a good product. Nothing spectacular, but works. It is a bit of a pill to ensure your curtain is properly clipped in. Also, you have to be careful, as you may stretch or tear your curtain. One was perfectly tensioned, while the other was not (???).
Small than what it's seems but do the job...
fit well, a little thin in the material department
Thread weave thinner than the set we are replacing. Color important.
I bought this fan to put on the table beside my computer. It has 3 speeds & on the lowest speed it feels great if it 6 feet from you. I can not move it farther than 2 feet from me (on my table) & it is way to strong at that distance. Wish it had a 4th speed!!!!!
Ho hum on it so far. Haven't had enough experience with it yet. Ask in 3-6 months.
Most HTV have a shiny side so you can easily identify which end needs to be cut, this one doesn't
Good for hanging garments for short guys and women. Great for my XS polos and a bit short for my XS dress shirts. Not suggested for jackets, coats, or suits.
The colors were very vibrant, but I had concerns of the color staining the skin when sweat was a issue.
I looked that it's a touch lamp with different lighting settings I didn't really like the hummingbird art.....
It is best on market but battery don't hold charge now,
Cute, but breaks really easily.
It was a small king comforter.
So I am using them for mops and a swifer broom. 2 work but 1 keeps trying to peel away from the wall. I cleaned the wall before installing but my wall is textured, so I guess it's not adhering as well as it should. I tried adding double stick tape too, but it still has a problem holding on. It has fallen once off the wall but I check on it every other day and push it back so it doesn't come off. The weight of the mop isn't too heavy either. I guess I should be happy that 2 out of 3 hold.
A bit disappointing. As the image shows a sample of what you get, the variety of leathers was pitiful. I ended up getting a handful of the same piece/color of reptile leather. Though the quality of the leather is the only reason I give it a 3
It's pretty but it doesn't push out any warm air.
First delivery arrived broken and was returned. Second delivery arrived broken and was returned. Finally the third delivery arrived undamaged. Was supposed to be a Christmas gift for my wife. Finally got to give it to her in late February.
A little bulkier than I wanted for my neck, but it worked for someone else so I let them have it.
Loved everything about this little robot until it left a huge scratch in the my floor on its 4th cleanup. Will be returning
I wish I could put it on pause when I set it down because it goes through water like crazy. I'm also not sure it works all that great.
It is nice but very thin material and the tablecloth I received is ripped from one side.
Wish they stretched just a tad more overall the fit just decent
I was expecting more than just paper.
these would have been great if they didn't arrive damaged.
This item does not work well. It comes out very easily. Just picking up a wash cloth from the sink can dislodge it and before you know it your water has drained out. I push it in as hard as I can but it doesn't stay in place. I would not recommend these.
Big and heavy but not very absorbent
Functional, but product description said unscented. They are definitely scented.
works great, but the tiny bucket has to be emptied too often
I love this product but one of the bottles we received does not spray correctly and we had to throw it out. Otherwise, the smell is awesome and great for making smells disappear quickly.
I love the trash can. The only thing is the lid broke off and know you can really use it any more. Lasted about 2 months
This item is cheap quality.
Not large enough to wrap around my husband's waist and cover everything and he is not overweight.
I bought one in 2017 and decided to buy another because I liked it a lot. Currently, the quality has gone down. The leather doesn't seem as good quality and the color is red not a dark brown. However it has the number of pages I want and I like that the back cover is different from my first purchase. Do think I would buy again though.
It was supposed to be white that was very beige
Ok for a beginner. It does not extend long enough for the wine bottles I was trying to cut. I made it work, however I plan to upgrade.
Easy to use, nice mist; however the handle is too small and poorly attached to the container. Really liked it but after filling, the handle came off and I dropped the water container and broke it. Design flaw on overall good product.
It's bigger than I expected. But I ordered the turquoise and received a purple one.
This unit is kind of loud and constantly runs to keep the room cool. It is used to cool a room 10x 20 which is in the range of square footage that should be enough for this unit to cool.
Not my favorite from his line of products.It doesn't smell like peonies.The little cart that holds the soap and lotion was broken when it arrived.
I was sent a combo pack that had different size containers. While they seem great I really needed the 12 pack of 3x3 containers
Within a week or two of use the paracord wrapped around the handle fell off and became something I had to throw away.
The box it came in was a super nice box however it was all beat up. Candles were in good condition but giving this as a gift was kinda Shotty being that the box looked tore up.
The teal pillow was brighter than the picture...was hoping for the muted look that was in the photos. Will be returning.
hoped it would be a better quality. the bar isn't heavy enough so it sways which I don't like but it saved room in my closet definitely.
Fast shipping. Correct product, protects the boots as advertised.
Nice lights but I'm so sad that some parts are different colors than the one I have clicked on
Cute, but definitely issues with bleeding in some spots.
Broke after one year of use
Absolutely like this product it's a lot of fun to play with. the wax isn't the greatest but it comes out clean and smooth when you stamp it
So far, very fluid-resistant. Haven't put it to any crazy testing. However, it feels very crinkly and causes the fitted sheet to slip off of the mattress, a problem that I never had before. This is super annoying.
They are not very sturdy, I tore two just removing them to place on the sign. A little tape and they were salvageable for the evening. They are bright and clear to read, the emojis are a cute touch.
Misleading. Obviously, shoes are a pair so for this to say "2 pack" I thought I was getting 2 sets of boot shapers. They are plastic. I just think the should be more clearly advertised. I'd rather have spent slight more for a "REAL" 2-Pack
This product arrived damaged. I would recommend buying this somewhere in person instead of ordering online, as it seems to commonly break. It was very cute!
It was shipped with a broken side. It still works though because I'm still able to secure it.
Smells good. It was smaller than expected therefore way overpriced for what you get. Not happy with it.
Like every furniture cover, they do not stay in place. I'm constantly fixing them.
Falls over constantly. Have grown to despise it. Looks cool if it would stand up
This is great for my dogs for the couch instead of them using my pillows. The only problem I have with it is that it keeps sliding off the couch. We do have leather which could be the reason but I just wish it stayed in plan rather then slide every time one of the dogs get out of it. And there is no where I can tuck it in somewhere either. Other than that, the dogs seem to like it
It's really heavy, thick, and awkward to move around.
It has the same quality and size of the ones sold at 99 cents and dollar stores.
I am delighted I ordered this. If you are exploring Japanese or India's incense, you may be seeking the real deal? Oil soaked sticks are most often synthetic fakes not even close to the proper scents. If you think you know what sandalwood actually smells like this may smack you down. This is heavy sandalwood and will tune your Western nose to the actual scent. Try a little mixed with another favorite as a back ground. I had to burn partial sticks and move the holder room to room. The residual scent after burning a stick is very nice. Now I can actually spot real sandalwood in mixed incense.
Rug slips very badly when wet.
They lied. The product was made in Italy.
Have not used it yet...
This arrived broken and I never received a replacement. The candle smells awesome though, just couldn't really use it...
Good product it is cheap though but it's the style that I wanted. Can't complain.
The reason I'm giving it a 3 star is because if Amazon's amazing customer service ....as far as the product goes I'm confused how others found it “like soft as tub of butter “ lol I'm glad I tried the topper first vs buying a mattress ...not best purchase.
don't know yet have not had the time to install it
Looks good from afar and it is good paper but it looks obviously printed and low quality when you look closely.
I bought these bottles to frost sugar cookies with glace. The tips are very narrow, and I ended up cutting the tips to make the opening bigger. They look nice.
These were thinner and not as plush as described. I ordered them for a guest bedroom and wanted them to be really comfy for my guests. I returned it.
I have a small 36 inch set of orange string lites, tiny that I wrapped around the house. Needs more lites. Otherwise its dark compared to the other houses. Otherwise nice house.
Poor stitching. After 4 nights and 1 wash a corner has already popped stitches.
I was disappointed to find that it does not include a cover and is at least an inch shorter than my queen mattress.
I like the ease of assembly. My problem with this item is the pictures and the directions show cube-like shelves, but when I received it, they were much deeper and rectangular (it stuck out from the wall further) than the pictures showed. I don't know if I was sent the wrong item since the listed dimensions do appear to indicate deeper shelves. I ended up making one standing tower of shelves by rotating the pieces from the intended assembly. I like what I made out of it, but I have a bunch of other wasted and useless pieces now. Mixed feelings about this one.
Nice but I thought they were much bigger. They are small
Haven't gotten to use them yet but the blue came crushed and discolored. Trying to find a way to contact the seller to have another blue sent out so we don't have to spend shipping sending all of them back even though all of the others were fine. Very disappointed.
Very pretty but mine too was broken. This has become a regular problem. Didn't have this issue With UPS. I am trying to figure out how to get a replacement tree without the bulbs but return options only allow returning all 3. Very frustrating. Would be fine if it wasn't damaged - 5 star. Shipping and return the problem.
It is very thin, otherwise beautiful
The picture online looks much better than it does in person. Colors are not as bright, not a true navy if you are looking for navy.
This is an amazing couch cover BUT the little flowers one is not as pictured. So that's why it gets 3 stars. By a happy coincidence it actually matches my living room better than what I thought I was getting so I will be keeping it.
These are NOT clear. You can't see your clothes easily through them which is quite frustrating. They should change the name of them so as not to mislead. Other than that seem like they zip well and are fine.
smaller than looks in pictures
It's literally $9 people. Good value for your money in my opinion. I'm not sure why people are leaving such poor reviews but I've had no issues with this product. The auto shut off is perfect since I don't like having to worry about an open flame & I can leave it on without worrying. Scent is great & I live with 3 college age guys. We sometimes smell & this certainly helps make the apartment smell like someone actually cares. Went from stale sock smell to Apple Pie on the daily. Roomates girlfriend actually complimented it.
I liked the fact that you could see different time zones, especially when travelling overseas. The added calculator is a nice feature, especially to compute the rates of exchange. What I liked least was the fact that more countries and more time zones for those countries should have been included.
I ordered two of these and they were delivered with the ends of the boxes damaged. Three out of the eight wheels were missing. So I reordered them and when the next two boxes arrived, one of the boxes was damaged at the end with a wheel missing. Hey, maybe you should put some tape on the ends to avoid the boxes coming open and tearing. I kept one of the other wheels from the original order so I have eight wheels and will return the first two boxes.
The candle does not last very long
Chocolates did not match the picture under the pull out tabs & they slid around under the cardboard.
So far, we haven't detected a change in air quality. The ozone generator is very easy to use. There is a hum which I hope will not be a problem.
True to color but not high quality.
Cute pillow covers but way too big for my pillows
This product advertised itself with the specific blue color and white. I got my package yesterday and I got a light gray and white stripes teepee and with unicorns flags which doesn't have anything to do with what I saw. I keep the item because my kid like the teepee itself but don't advertise colors or choices if you are not going to deliver them.
The sheets fit well and I love the color and design. I don't like that the cloth is very stiff and not soft at all, even after washing.
Pretty design and shipping was on time. The material itself is a little cheap. Don't think it was worth the price. I'm sure it snags easily too. Fine for annual occasions but don't anticipate it lasting long.
This product is as described and I really like it. However the smell is really really bad. I wouldn't purchase again for that reason
Very cheap stitching. Seams are drawn up and pucker. Does not lay smoothly
Tape is not actually double sided
The pigment is good but it caused some staining and rings in the bathtub
They served a purpose, but are not high quality. Not expensive, so I got my moneys worth.
ITS ONLY THE CASE. Thats what I get for not ready it better. Make sure you buy pillows to go in them as well.
'Brush looks decent. Then I used it and lots of hair came out onto my just mopped floor. I will try again outdoors. Maybe it's done shedding, but that's a big maybe. I'm feeling generous so I'm giving the brush three stars: For now mediocre at. best.
I wouldn't buy this again. The quality if fairly cheap and you can see by the picture it imploded while I was attempting to assemble it.
The glow is great and my ceiling looks awesome. Within two days, it started making authentic falling stars- great for making wishes, but annoying to pick up off the floor every day.
Not so soft but use with patio
The first quilt arrived damaged. Looks like it was colored on with a red marker. A replacement has been sent. We ordered two and the other arrived in good condition. I am hoping that the replacement is as good as the original but for the markers
I gave this 3 stars because of the experiencing date.
Maybe I just overlooked this, but an "ultimate" pen set would include gold and silver (or something resembling them). Otherwise, an ok set. Disappointed, though, when I got this out to journal in gold.😞
While a reviewer said it was good for picking up stray cat litter I found that was not the case. it does not gave a strong suction even for picking up other things. Doesn't hold much either. Very disappointed.
Lasted a good 10 used until popped. Fun little product though, kids love them
The outline is not quite exact and some of the numbers aren't in the right spaces. Also, I had to change some of the colors because some of the paint ran out or got to clumpy to use. So yours will not look exactly like mine, especially the bird on the top of the house. The red and orange colors were very light and had to have second coats. I also had to add beaks and eyes to two of the birds for them to make sense. Overall it turned out pretty.
This was okay. If I could go back in time I would not buy it again. I was thinking that I would be able to remove each section separately and leave the other two intact, but they are not individual sections. The light dark and color are all one big piece. It was easy to assemble and seems to work okay, but I don't like that I can't just pop off the light section and dump it in the washer. It's also not very sturdy. Our toddler just barely leaned on it and it bent.
Great set for diamond painting. Would have given 5 stars if the lids stayed closed on all the containers but I had to tape a few shut. Otherwise great set with plenty of supplies.
I was hoping for a heavier made blanket, but they will be fine for Summer time! Nice colors!
Lovely wreath, but the lights did not work. Kept it anyway as it was a quality wreath.
I ran it for 24h on high and saw a drop from 65 to 55 in a single room. I sent the unit back as it also made some metallic noise. Maybe it was broken. Otherwise it looks nice and is easy to use and move around.
Works as described. Just not sure it's worth the price tag.
I have run this dehumidifier in my basement for just over a year. It operates quietly, and the air filter is accessible and easy enough to clean. However, as far as I can tell, there is no way to easily clean the drain port where a hose can attach, and ours has been clogged for the last month. There must be a small orifice up in there, because i noticed some biofilm in the piece of garden hose that I had run between the dehumidifier and the sink. This caused the hose to back up and water to drain into the tank instead, and require emptying about every two days. When I cleaned out the hose, the dehumidifer was still clogged. I tried to back-flush with bleach, but no luck then either. Water keeps on failing to enter the (downward-sloping, proper) drain hose, and instead flows into the tank. I never had this kind of problem with my two previous Frigidaire models, so I am assuming that this clog is due to a defect in the Homelabs design. Disappointing. However, all other functions continue to operate as designed, so if you don't mind emptying a tank rather than running a drain hose to a sink, then this unit seems pretty good so far,
Can you please send me directions on how to set it up?
Neato and all the other vacuum makers should add 5 GHz support to their devices. It is 2019 and most people have phones that automatically connect to 5 GHz in a home WiFi. To get them to connect to 2.4 GHz can be very difficult for some if not most people. I bet many people have return their purchase because they could not connect to their home WiFi. How much more to add 5 GHz support- a dollar? Here is how I managed to connect to this Neato: I made my cell phone start a WiFi hotspot that only operated at 2.4 GHz and then connected a tablet to that hotspot. After connecting, I ran the Neato app on that tablet and was able to add the Neato using their app. I have a phone which supports creating a hotspot, but I know a lot of phones have that ability locked down. Neato just add 5 GHz support.
The unit looks nice and feels very well made, but the actual cutting blades for the trimmers are very disappointing. They cut but they aren't sharp enough or precise enough to line your hair up. The stubble attachment does work really well though. And so does the nose trimmer.
Good quality but these got soooooo scratchy once I washed them. It's really a testament to how lazy I am that I don't return them.
First pair broke upon first use. Had to have replaced by Amazon.
Fun sock bought for the wife. She had good laugh when she wore these and socks are actually of good quality
Durability is good. These liners doesn't stretch around square garbage cans for this size.
It's an ok comforter. It ripped at the seams after one wash :/
I don't have an actual duvet, but this cover goes well with a room I recently painted. I will eventually buy the duvet, but as for now, I have a comfort that I'm using.
I am new to soap making and this was the first base I've ever used. It was very easy to use but it doesn't have as much of a lather as I like for my soaps.
I expected a bigger size because they look bigger in the picture.
I created two bookmarks using clear resin, glow in the dark pigmentation, and/or sparkles & shiny flakes. The small one came out alright, but the large one seems thinner to the point where the hole on top casts an actual hole.
This is basically a towel that fits over a mop. Not necessary.
I would have giving this product 4 stars however the firmness is wearing down after only one week of use. The outside pillow case is sift however th quality is poor as it is also breaking down.
The tube of the pump is too short.
The comforter is extremely comfortable considering how much it cost, but the second time I washed it I found a few rips on one of the sides of the comforter, exposing some of the stuffing inside. I have only used it for about 3 or 4 weeks, so this is kind of a disappointment.
Not much smell if any
Very colorful and is exactly what my daughter wanted. It is very thin as others have stated and you will need to purchase at least 3 to get a fuller look
I found it hard to use. I wish it came with a video tutorial
Wish it was a longer but the material is very nice.
Great product. Works perfectly and you can reuse. However when I opened my box of two, they had both leaked everywhere and about a quarter of the product was gone.
Doesn't seem to seal properly, so it sounds a bit cheap when I'm spritzing the perfume. It's very cute though, so I'm keeping it.
Very soft and comfortable.... very thin. I had to sew one corner when i got it.
There is so much that is right about these cloths. The real problem is that they do not absorb water or liquids well so I have to use a different towel to absorb even small amounts of excess water on the kitchen counter. If they could absorb liquid more effectively I would highly recommend them. The non scratch scrubby side is very effective. But I will use mine and enjoy how well they rinse out and scrub without scratching my dishes and pans.
It didn't fit my door, at all. Not sure why. To much of a hassle to return. Hopefully I can find it a home elsewhere.
We bought this shower curtain specifically because it was listed as "Weighted". Their idea of "Weighted" is a 1/8" string sewed into the bottom hem. It does absolutely "Nothing". Very disappointing and would not recommend for that reason alone. Other than that, it's a "decent" shower curtain so I gave it 3 stars in case someone doesn't care about it being weighted or NOT!
It is not as sturdy as it appears and it bends out of shape with use.
So far I have ran out of one of my colors and only half way through I can seem th find anywhere to notify the company the picture is beautiful but I don't know what to do about the shortage of the color
It's okay. It takes a lot more space than anything, my bras didn't fit in the slots like in the pictures.
Update: Great customer service. DreamSky reaches out and is sending a replacement. Liked it at first but it stopped working after 4 weeks. Put new Duracells in when I got it.. tried putting in another new set... nope. Won't keep time. Set the clock in the morning... by night it's 2hrs behind.
What's to say about plastic boxes???
My blade broke during my first wood project... couldn't finish the project.
It was a bit thin but ok
maybe its just me, but it was kind of difficult to adhere the paper.
Like other reviews say, curtains are gray, not white.
The lettering is good, but the colors are more drab than they had appeared online.
Very beautiful color. Just very cheap quality. Very very light !!!! Should sell cheaper with this quality
These are as advertised but I am only giving three stars because I ordered blue but received black. I chose to keep them because it seemed like too much of a hassle to return.
My husband and I read the reviews and we thought “oh okay, everyone says it's hard, that's great!” Every pillow we've tried has been too soft so we were excited to try this one. Go ahead and listen to everyone that says this pillow is too hard, it really is. We are returning them because we can't sleep on them. Other than that, the packaging was great, and it seems like an awesome product if you like super stiff pillows!
I returned. The red was more of a brown/brick. Not like the picture. Ended up buying an identical print in grey from IKEA.
It's ok. Folds up small.
Overall, we were very pleased with the price and quality of this item. However, discovered a large blemish (husband says it looks like a spot where the chrome didn't adhere) right in the front/middle of one of the two side rungs and we are past our return/exchange window. It is simple to put together, a good size for a standard bathroom, and perfect for stacking/hanging towels.
This was way smaller than I thought it would be!
This is by far the softest blanket I have ever had the absolute joy of snuggling under!!!! Nice & light & very very warm!!!! The only problem is the measurement! It is not as long as they say!!! I have returned 1 & got a replacement!!! Neither of the 2 are as long as they say so my toes stick out the bottom!!!!
Large capacity, it is also very convenient to put washed clothes on the other side.It can folded, does not occupy the space but the metal pretty cheap and not very strong.
These work okay but are cheaply made. I don't mind that so much because for the price I figured as much. The only thing that is annoying about these frames is the hanger in the back is flimsy and doesn't sit against the wall easily. I'll eventually update my pictures to better frames.
Thought it would have a better angel on the spout.
Opening the box was amazing, great presentation but the crystals seemed dull, worn and two of them were chipped. The inside of the box they came in had tons of padding so it does not even seem like they were damaged in shipping but how they were stored prior to packaging. They were really big though! Overall, a little disappointed but not disappointed enough to return them.
The stickers breaks, it is too thick. I think I'm not gonna use it again, don't want to break my machine.
Need to wear protective gloves! total must!!!
The add was deceptive. Leads you to believe there are 2 seals when there is only 1, somewhat disappointed but I should have read the description field better
I never received this item
I love the product. I didn't love that the top cams broken. I couldn't screw the fruit center to the lid and had to try and super glue it to fix it. The hassle in shipping it back wouldn't have been worth my time. Let's hope the super glue works.
Didn't see any results after a whole bottle
These are cute from a far, but pretty cheaply made. If your looking for serious quality, look somewhere else. That being said, I'm keeping them bc they are cute. I just put them in a place where no one will stare at them too closely
The only time this looks green is in a dark room. During the day, with light shining through it, it's definitely a blue color. Ordered 2 of these, and both were exactly the same. Otherwise, it burns clean, without an odor or smoke. Just wish it was more green.
Found cheaper and better quality at WM.
I was a little disappointed with this product. The material doesn't seem that high of quality for the price. It also doesn't look as nice as the picture. There are really only 9 tiers for shoes if you want to use the cover because the cover rests on the top shelf. Additionally, if you have heels over 4 inches this isn't for you. Most of mine are only 3 inches and they barely fit in. Overall I wasn't impressed with this product. It will do the job for now but I wouldn't purchase it again.
GET MY ORDER RIGHT. i ordered black and got SILVER. DISAPPOINTED
I never write reviews, but I am motivated to this time, as some of the advertised features of this chair are difficult to use, at least on the one I received. I was able to assemble the chair with little difficulty although the screw holes were sometimes fabric covered. Also after assembly the back tilts very slightly to the right, towards the angle adjustment assembly, not by much, by less than 5 degrees. However, seat height adjustment / gas cylinder assembly was difficult to use. I could not be sitting in the chair and adjust the height, I had to be standing to the side. Then the adjustment level will function. Also rocking in the chair doesn't work no matter how I adjust the knob. And at first, I could not get the seat angle adjustment to work; there is a hefty spring in there that was not easily released by the adjustment lever. After several attempts, it did release; The sound made by the internal mechanism makes me fear for the life expectancy of the chair. The chair does swivel easily, so I guess that is something. As for workmanship, it seem about what one might expect for $85. I will say the base and casters seem very solid. I actually can use the chair, as after I learned to adjust the height I can set it to a perfect screen viewing angle. So this product is something of a disappointment.
I returned it because it arrived with broken pieces. It seemed to do what it was intended for, but it only fit certain size glass frames.
Get what pay for. Cheap and useful. Scratches a ton. Dont care for it scratching for i dont look at it at all.
Very pretty but awkward in the hand. Not more ergonomic which is what I needed.
Nice design and work great but the pull handles keep falling apart.
These look great at first glance but a number of them cracked just by putting the lids on the boxes. Be super gentle and you'll be fine.
The wooden frame and glass did not align correctly so that the glass protruded from one corner. I was unable to manually fix this, so I exchanged it for another one. The replacement frame aligned together correctly and looks very nice.
Unfortunately too big. Even though I tried to match to the previous dimensions. Since I Missed the return window by 2 weeks. Can't return it. Gave it to HVAC
This is a great idea in theory. I wanted to be able to crochet without having to turn on the room light. The lights on the hooks are bright but can blind you from seeing your stitch. Also it is hard to keep the yarn on the hook.
I loved the sounds and soft lighting of the product. However, it splashed or leaked water every time I used it. You even put it in a 13 x 9 pan to catch the water, and that didn't work. It ruined the top of my dresser after 3 uses.
beautiful window display, disappointed that cord is so short
We have had these towels now for a couple weeks with washing and they are still shedding.
Item doest not get very hot but, it will do for now.
Recommended by my housekeeper who used one here. I use it at least once a week and find it hard to push sometimes, and my floors are no more pet-treated than expected. I'm still using mine, but not in love with it. It is better than a standard mop. I ordered extra cleaning heads because I didn't like the idea of just pushing dirt around with the same one all over the house.
Couldn't tell from the picture that it would be 2 pieces of wood tuck together. Thought it would be cut from one piece of wood. There's a big seam right in the middle of the flower ... debating if I even want to use this as a secret santa present ...
These are very nicely detailed. Arrived quickly, also. My only disappointment is the fact they're on the thin side. Molds pop out easily but it takes some work.
Just got my sheets in the mail, and they were all wrinkled despite the wrinkle-free label on the packaging. The only part of the sheets that were not wrinkled was the small section you could see through the packaging and immediately after opening them up. The color is also a lot different from the picture and is more of a maroon and closer to a red or wine color than actual purple. Other than that, they seem like nice sheets for the price.
The wheel are poorly built. Would not buy it again.
The pillow does have an odd smell to it but it's not terrible and does seem to be going away now that I've had it for awhile. I'm not a huge fan of the shredded memory foam and wonder if all of the shredded memory foam pillows are like this or just this brand. I bought it to try this type of pillow out and I couldn't beat the price. I do sleep on it but wake up to feeling like I'm sleeping on a rock. I have to fluff it a couple of times and then it's fine. I took quite a bit of the stuffing out and I normally sleep on my back or sides. The cover is nice and soft. I wouldn't say that it stays cool, either but that doesn't both me. I would say it's like any other pillow. If you want to feel coolness, then you flip it.
They do not seem to be the best quality. The white flower part fall off very easily
It was smaller than expected
It works and its cheat
I purchased this thinking it'd hold recipe books while i cook. It doesn't keep balance no matter what so I'd have to modify it to do so. I'll find a different use for it.
The product is good..it goods cute as a display
We ordered 2 of these masks. So far they seem to work well for mowing, which is the main reason for the purchase. One of the filter discs was lost during the first use and we emailed the seller and have not heard back. So we had to take one of the discs out of the other mask so the first mask could be used again during mowing. Now we have a useless mask because we only have one filter. So I don't know if 3 stars is ok, product works, but no customer service and now we have a useless mask and we aren't for sure if we will continue to lose the filters and not be able to get them replaced. This could be a problem. Maybe some feedback would be nice from the seller?????
Not easy at all to attach to curtains. The pins don't easily stay attached and they make the drapes heavy.
Ordered; plugged it in and the blower for the bottom part exploded. Amazon sent a replacement, UPS clearly dropped it; didn't bother. Sent both units back. Looks nice...
Nice color pallet but not water proof as stated in description
They're nice looking for their novelty value, but overpriced. Also, they are all marked HOT...no COLD.
Super cute. Can't reallt put weight on it and cheaply made. One came broken out the box but I super glue it and it's fine
I am 5 months pregnant and have been experiencing bad back pain. I bought this pillow to help me and it worked great for the first few weeks but then it seemed to flatten and then the support wasn't really there anymore. It was almost like the stuffing would move away from the spot I was laying on during the night. As far as the pain relief when it was still supportive it worked great for that but overall I don't think it was worth the money. I honestly don't use it anymore since it does not offer me any relief.
I bought this curtain in white 1 year ago. It hung fairly nicely, but isn't heavy and didn't look like a high quality shower curtain. It looks like a $30 shower curtain- fair enough. However, i was really disappointed when I washed it exactly according to directions, air dried and all that- and it shrunk 6 inches in length and is terribly wrinkled. Now it floats above the tub wall and looks ridiculous, so I'm going to have to replace it. Don't expect to be able to wash this.
I like cotton 40 - 50% in a comforter. This comforter is OK, button quickly popped off or did not stay buttoned. I'm not a fan of manmade fibers on my skill. I need the material to breath a little more...
Very soft sheets. We really liked them but they started to pill after a couple of washings. The seams were coming undone as well. I sent them back with no problem. .
First off, what's up with the name of this company? Rabbitgoo, seriously? Anyway, this product looks great once it's up, but it's thick and it's very difficult to remove all the air bubbles during installation. I have experience applying films like this and followed the instructions, but STILL have some small air bubbles that are visible. It's annoying and detracts from the look of the film ...
Very messy and did not clean stain.
Will not buy again. If you have light (very light) items to package then these are fine, but I was adding one to two quarts of pickles to these and the handles snapped on enough of them that I had to start double bagging. One of my customers even dropped it on the ground and broke one of the jars, so clearly had to replace.
The curtains would have been great but they had bronze grommets and they looked awful with my silver curtain rod so had to return.
Honestly, I can't recommend this product for it's price. I only notice a great difference in the room if the window and door is closed and if I have it on for over an hour on the highest fan setting. The fan noise on Sleep Mode or fan level 1 is barely noticeable, which is great, but I can't feel it make a difference in the air quality. Also, the fan noise between setting 1 and 2 is substantial but there is no selection in between. It has a nice interface and a handy timer setting but I don't think it makes up for the price.
So much smaller then I thought they were going to be
I didn't like the color of these sheets. The green is different as shown.
Pros: Great for elevating the head for acid reflux and other issues. Fairly comfortable shape and size Cons: This is pieced together out of several foam bits - even more so than expected - and it stank of glue and mold. There were beads of glue along the edges. I had to spray this down with anti-mold stuff and air it out really well before I could use it
Ok but very thin. They're nice out of the pkg but cheap after a wash. Ok for the $$ though
I bought this in July. Used it for the first time today. Has a nice smooth feel. Kind of thick. Cut well. Came with NO heat instructions. Directions on Amazon says 320 for 10 sec. I didn't find that until after I tested it at 305 for 10 seconds as I was using it with Siser. It shrank. Seems to have adhered fine but I now have a nice gap. If you're using a knock-out design you may want to use with caution.
BEWARE: The picture displayed is misleading - while the description states “silver wire lights”, the picture makes it seem as though they are gold wire. You must read the description carefully. Did not return because I was in a bind and needed lights desperately.
It works fine, but tends to crawl up the bed. By the time I wake up, there's nothing left at my feet--it's all around the middle of me. Weird.
The item is as advertised but crudely made but seems to work well.
These towels are smaller and thinner than I was hoping but still were a good value for the price I got them at.
Was confused on the sizing....thought they were bed pillows....but they are very nice decorating pillows...
Was a little complicated to put together and yes, I can put things together! The rack serves it's purpose, overall I like it.
Worked okay for some things, but usually couldn't get a clean line.
These sheets are nice and soft and everything fit but the fitted sheet, which ripped when I tried to get the last corner on. Not going to return it because I did try too hard to get the corner on, but I'm disappointed that it wouldn't fit correctly. Now the last corner of the sheet just lays over the corner with the mattress protector underneath it exposed. I do have a great mattress set and figure it's too deep for the set. Luckily, my bed's huge and the affected corner is just where my dog sleeps.
Pillows are decent for the price but are not nearly as puffy/full as is shown in the photos.
I have purchased this in the past and it was great. But this batch is bad. The thread pops in the machine all the time. I spend over half my time re-threading the machine. Colors are great and bright and shiny, But HATE the thread breaking all the time. I most likely will not be buying again.
Definitely does the trick, but they are too thick and bulky for me. I prefer the older traditional stye. These are better for larger cast iron pans, it's not a good fit for the smaller pans and you may not get a good grip on the pan handle.
ONE OF THE PANELS IS STITCHED HIGHER SO GREEN SHOWS ON ONE AND NOT THE OTHER..
Material is thin but my granddaughters only care that they have Elsa and Anna. The first one I bought them was stolen at the beach!
I like the bold beautiful colors and got the desired effect I was hoping for but the stitching at the top is already coming undone so that's disappointing. The curtain material is thin and maybe that's because it's waterproof. I just hung it today with a liner and anticipate it'll resist water. Unfortunately, the poor stitching may not last, which is a bummer! I'm not a fan of putting up shower curtains so I'm keeping it. Again, the photo of the beach on the curtain is beautiful.
I got the pieces I wanted, but there were less than 60 of them.
These are just standard earring backs. They aren't meant to last forever. A lot of the plastic halos pop off before they can even be used. They also rust easily
I snapped one just trying to put my sweater in the closet.
I always wash bed linen before using. These blankets let out a ton of lint, pilled and lost shape. They still do the trick, and will likely lint less over time, but I expected better quality.
I think I'm changing blade more often. Wish they were sharper. But for price, they are ok
This item does not lay flat on the table. When you are going to play cards it is a problem.
Ordered 6, I only received 5. It's not really even about the cost, it's just a hassle to only get 5 when I need 6!
Shipped quickly and was exactly what I needed. Yes, the product was not perfectly flat (hence the three stars) but that did not affect my project. I would not hesitate to buy again.
Perfect, packable size but not very durable. I got a hole after very light use first time.
I have a real hard time using this paint with a brush. I just wonder if I'm doing it wrong. Maybe this is meant to be applied with a sponge? All I know is it's clumpy and hard to work with when face painting. It may be something I'm doing wrong.
Honestly it looks really cute but it's overpriced for what you get! The material is really cheap and it's super light weight. Not soft at all. I'm to lazy to return it so I'm going to keep for my cat.
Didn't get to use them but were just what I expected
Did not have the power cord.
Peg boards were slightly curved in the middle of the square ones so it made ironing difficult. Both sets of pointy plastic tweezers broke within the first day too. We do enjoy the interlocking boards though.
Falls off cabinet easily
Too thin, but was my first cotton paper. I am new at watercolor painting, so I need sturdier paper.
The Bear is pretty. There is a loud smell and it's jot mentioned you have to put the box together. Then the box parts were damaged so I couldn't construct it. Now my bear will be subjected to dust and smells. It's also pretty small compared to the picture.
Doesn't play the radio upon setting the alarm anymore. Worked for awhile. Now it's barely a clock.
I purchased this to use on a long flight. It hit me right in the middle of my thighs, so became very uncomfortable. I ended up using it behind my back instead. It would probably be okay for a short period, like at a sporting event. I do like the way it inflates, just by unrolling it.
I like the concept of the fan. It's just the fan pulls very little air out the window. I pop my sunroof and then pull the shade halfway closed and hangs the fan off of the cover to the sunroof. This seemed to help
Pretty flimsy and will stick to cups sometimes when you pick them up. I like the pattern, but would not buy again.
i bought this to use on my indoor outdoor carpet and hard floors. works okay on my hard floors, but not for a indoor outdoor carpet. it only picks up in one direction instead of both like other types of floor sweepers. it does maneuver well for sweeping, so that does help to speed up the process. It's not a bad product, just didn't work as well as another i have with a different design. Would be good for quick pick ups on hard floors tile/wood.
Recieved 3 of the same pillow covers. Not a happy customer.
Bought fort girlfriend and Theres a hole in the bottom right corner. Looks like the stitching came loose. She's not overly happy. They did refund me my money with no troubles. Great customer service.
I liked the product however, the packer put the package of pellets for shipping KNOWING that the heavy plastic bag had a cut from a knife on the top. The packer put a small piece of gift tape over the cut and shipped it anyway. UPS throws their packages , not babied, and what do you think I got - some in the plastic and some in the box. Amazon had no phone number for the seller so gave me a credit so I can order another bag.
The sign is ok, but look to good to be old. And look cheap.
Bigger than I thought. Hadn't gotten a chance to use it yet, it's not too heavy but doesn't seem as strong, the zipper gave me some trouble
It was larger than I was expecting. It is about the size of my hand and I was expecting it to be wristwatch size. But the size is fine because I got it for my shower and can read it without my glasses on. I didn't give it more stars because the second hand is not set properly (is loose on the clock shaft) so it just sort of hangs there at the 6. If I could remove it or reset it I would but I couldn't figure out how to do that without breaking anything. Other than that it seems to work fine and since it is in the bathroom and I keep the door closed, the ticking doesn't bother my sleep.
but not private enough for my needs bathroom by tub window was nice quality
It is a little too soft and the hole for the head is too low. Not that helpful keeping babies head in the center.
Rips and stretches easily. Take your time. Looks great if you can get it right.
It is soft and a good quality BUT it's too big and the comforter is constantly moving inside and it looks saggy all the time. I bought the correct size for my comforter but it's just too loose and too big...otherwise it would've been great
Color did not match website color
I needed a large capacity humidifier, and the essential oil diffuser was an added bonus. Pros: This product worked as advertised, and produces a nice thick stream of mist that does not leave a residue or white film. Runs about 9-10 hours on max with a full tank. Since it's a large volume of water, it requires a lot more oil to get the scent in the room. I started with 6-8 drops, but eventually was up to 14-16 or so. The motor is very quiet, and the auto-shut off worked as expected. Cons: The blue light on the dial is fairly bright and there's no way to turn it off. Turns red when it's out of water, but still just as bright. In order to fill the water tank, you have to lift it off the base and usually spills a bit of water. I'm sure with practice I'd get better, but a top-fill unit may be better. Lastly, although the vaporizer motor is almost silent, there is an audible gurgle and bubbly sound periodically as the water moves from the tank to the humidifier. It's a spring loaded cap, and was noticeable while trying to fall asleep. I'm going to return the unit, but only because of the light and the water tank. Works great as a humidifier but I need a dark, quiet room to sleep.
Picture shows an electric toothbrush in the smaller compartment of the holder. THIS IS PHOTOSHOPPED. An electric toothbrush does not fit in the smaller section. With toothpaste going in the larger section, your electric toothbrush will be left sitting on the sink. No bueno.
These are beautiful towels, and I love the design and shape. However, they are made of a silky material that is not absorbent at all. More for fashion than function.
It has an automatic shutoff which may be for safety reasons but it doesn't get the room as warm as I like. I am getting age related coldness and need things warmer.
Pretty broke quickly
Its is just a outer shell of nut.. no meat at all
You get what you pay for here. My grandmother loved it and that's really all that matters but the frames were so cheaply assembled that the corners didn't even align properly. I wouldn't buy this again.
I like the iron upon opening the box. Nice look and weight, but problems immediately started. Regardless of the stream setting: off, low, medium...the maximum amount of steam came from the iron. The high steam setting would not engage. There were scratches on both sides of the iron above the soleplate. Would appear I was not sent a new iron. Returning for a replacement and will try again.
I only needed one and this got the job done. Just wish these were sold in smaller packs but I guess I'm set for life now!
Nice design, but it's super thin.
It was not sturdy enough
One glass block was broken when I opened the box out of the eight I ordered which is unfortunate since I needed all eight for the Christmas gifts I'm making. I would of rated higher since I used these blocks a lot when crafting . The price is higher than other places however they are hard to find and I'm glad I found a seller. Would be nice if the broken was replaced .
Works but that's about it. Leather straps holding the snaps came with the lamination already separating. It has pretty cheap covering but box is sturdy and, well, it's a cheap purchase so you should expect flaws. But it will serve its intended purpose for the cheap cost. Just don't expect high end. It certainly isn't.
The mold is only about 3 inches high
I think this organizer will be very useful for me but it's going to take me a long time to peel off the labels and remove glue residue. The picture shows the item with no labels that's the way it should come or at least the label should be easily peelable, this one is not.... what a waste of time to have to be doing this when you need it right away.
I ordered 2 sets of these and they're exactly what I needed. My only complaint is that the adjustment screw is so tight that I completely stripped one in trying to get it loose. Now I need to order another set.
Ink dries quickly but its not very pigmented as I expected. You have to really rub the stamp around and even so, the ink doesnt stick so well. I tried different stamps to make sure it wasnt the issue but it was all the same.
Nicely made but a bit too small.
Family tends to ignore the puller and just move the drape with their hands,
I used these for wine bottle decorations in my dining room, they are really neat. They look awesome but the batteries do not last. I used the lights on two different nights for a few hours each time and they were dead already. My box did come with extra batteries though.
It was a cute idea but didnt survive my house with a toddler and a dog. Every time the door would get shut the bar would slide down and eventually it got super bent beyond repair. So it isn't very sturdy
The mirror came broken off already but honestly I didn't want it there anyway so I like the product. The wine glass holder is too small for standard glasses. But all in all I still like it and use it.
The sheets were thinner than I expected and color was more off-white than the beige I see on the description. The sheets came in a plastic zippered case that had split, probably because it wasn't folded correctly. To the company's credit, they do offer a good number of sizes.
They fit, are soft, and so far have gone through 3 wash and dry cycles without issue.
I bought this to detail my car and get down between the seats, but it didn't fit my Shark Navigator. It came with several differently sized adaptors, but no combination of them worked on my vacuum. I was disappointed since the Navigator is one of the more common vacuums out there.
Nice way to organize, but no way it'll hold all that wrapping paper. One roll of Costco paper and this organizer is so heavy that I think the wire hanger will bust through the plastic. However, I am keeping it because with all of the paper in it, it will stand with support from a lower hanger, and I have a hanger that is just right for this.
not heavy works well price amazing
The tablecloth was nice but I thought it would have been bigger but it was really small only fit the center not like the one in the picture.
It's good quality, and great price, however I found them a bit TOO HARD, scraping skin, instead of exfoliating... not using anymore.
Product was marked excellent used condition, repackaged. The pieces do not fit or secure so top of soap dispenser swivels
For what they are they were great. Wish they were a little looser around the stem of the earring so they don't scratch but I we'll have more earring backing than I'll ever, hopefully, need.
It is easy to install and can hold a good amount of books but the lower latch is unnecessarily too large while it is supposed to hold only the cover of the first book. This design flaw makes the books not truly floating, a bit disappointed. I noticed that the comparable product on Amazon has used a tiny latch to hold the cover.
This looks nice, it is pilling up a bit already. It is being used on a teens bed so I would say that is probably part of the issue. It is a nice looking duvet cover.
Needs more earring space.
I returned this item . Husband was not satisfied with power and suction .
It takes forever to heat. I suggest filling it with distilled water, plug it in and the go gather your items. With that being said, once it gets going I was able to steam 3 items before it needed refilling (1 denim shirt to freshen, 1 sweater that was wrinkled and a cotton shirt that was folded) Works well. I ended up returning the steamer. It was really not that powerful and it took forever to heat/steam. The company does offer great communication.
I bought this for my wifes patterns...she's a costume designer. It was thinner than she usually gets and it's cheaper to get the slightly thicker stuff (she likes better) at Home Depot.
Way too loud and not very efficient. My $100 window unit cools much better. I do like being able to set timer and temperature!
Does not look durable. Very cheap material
These are beautiful scissors but very small.
Item is OK, but over priced and so so quality
Small. Works well in small space for a nightlight
Not quite what I was hoping for, but still ok.
When your trying to draw something it come out so small that you can't tell what it is. If I knew this I may have now paid so much for this. This is poorly design . Don't Waste your money
Disappointed that this mattress pad doesn't feel any cooler or more comfortable than any other mattress pad I've purchased. I was expecting it to be cooler when sleeping, as described. Sadly, it doesn't do that. But not worth the trouble to return it.
They're much smaller than expected, but that could be my fault for not looking at the size. They're beautiful, however, if they're uncovered too long they'll melt .. like they weren't lit, they just melted .. that sucked but it was only two that did that so I had the other 6..
One day in and the humidifier stops working. Heating is okay, but I expected it to have no trouble with the room it's in. Doesn't meet the glowing reviews.
I bought this set to go with the football sports themed room for my son and it match the curtains that I purchased however the quilt is on the thin side which I guess it would be as a “but expecting a little something thicker and the pillow was great however after two washes it faded in color wasn't too happy about that !
Very cute key holder. But it came missing a hook. I am returning it and reordering another one because I do like it. It looks very sturdy and it came with the proper tools to hang it up.
One out of four came smashed. The packing wasn't very good.
Bag handles rip very easily
Received a few days ago, so far I have used 1 jumbo and 2 large. Placed a large blanket in the jumbo, it's been 3 days, so far so good, still deflated. then I used 2 large for some other bed linens. Both of them reinflated in a few hours. I thought perhaps I had put too much in the bags, even tho it was below the fill line. So I removed some items from both and re vacuumed. One seems to be staying deflated, the other one re inflates almost immediately. I have now done it 3 times without success. As far as I know I'm doing everything as the directions say, altho I find it confusing with the zipper. Is there one way the slider is supposed to be zipped? It seems it looks the same whether zipped from right to left or vice versa. And I also pinch across the zipper to make sure it is closed. I had high hopes for these bags but feel somewhat frustrated. Maybe that one bag is a dud and the others will be ok. I hope
I loved sleeping with a weighted blanket and the weight distribution was great but unfortunately these leaked. I felt like I was sleeping on a thin layer of sand. I washed my sheets hoping it was a one time first use problem, but it happened again. I had to return the blankets but would love to try again if a newer improved model came out.
Be careful when assemble it. Boards literally crumble under your hands
This was a cute pillow cover but the color was more lime green than yellow.
Holds a lot of shoes, but falls apart more than I'd like it to.
doesn't really cast as much rainbow/spectrum of light as I was hoping
The instructions aren't very clear as to which way the connectors should face. So far, it's holding together but I wouldn't put too much weight on it. I'm using it for towels, sheets, etc. in the bottom of my linen closet.
Works as advertised but is not very sturdy
It's okay. Not what I expected after reading the rave reviews. The can is pretty and looks better than an everyday air freshener can. I think it's too expensive for a scent that is just okay. I may buy it again- may.
I loved it, but Im returning it because the E is broke.
Very nice. Just wish it was a little bigger.
These seem to be a good quality product, but I ordered an E cup and the ones that were delivered were closer to a D. Very small, not really usable for me, but I'll save them for someone who has a smaller bust.
The bows are great and easy to use once you understand how to use them. Mine did not come with directions so I had to figure it out by trial and error. We lost one that way, but the others were wonderful.
Good fans, but alot louder than expected and uses alot more electricity than anticipated. I purchased 3 last summer & use them on a daily bases throughout the summer and very frequently during the Spring & Fall. My recommendation is if you need a fan in this price range go for it but if you can afford to spend just a little more find one that has an energy star rating and a lower sound decibel
We bought this to use in our small trailer. It was inadequate. I would not consider this a space heater. If you just wanted to say warm your feet it might work.
Cute canvas covers but they DO NOT include the canvas
Nice but not as long as described. Measurements are 14 x 48
I'm sure it works but I just didn't know that I didn't need it. Should have waited for the drone to arrive first.
I purchased these to cover my Libre Patch and pit it on after a couple of hours it started to look a mess when the ends started to curl up taking it off took off the patch also had to use a new one so I fee like this was a waste of money thanks
Worked amazing for about 3 weeks. But now it only blows warm air. Maybe if you just needed this to get you through a few days or weeks it would be fine, but don't rely on this for a whole summer.
It's a nice belt, but it's way too short to make such a knot as shown on pictures though I'm kind of average person
Super soft and I love the color. But it is already showing signs of wear and tear and it's only been a month and a half
They are easy to put up and look cute in our nursery but they won't stay flat. The edges keep peeling and I have to keep rubbing them to get them to stick back down.
The valance quality is great but was disappointed in the color of the scallop and buttons as they appear more cream in the photo on line and are actually more gold in person. I have a bit of that color in my bathroom so it works but I would have been happier it being the cream as shown.
We renovated our downstairs (basement) which was heated and cooled, but it was still very cold so we got this heater. Our new den does have 9' ceilings, but this little guy does very little. If you sit right next to it, you can feel some heat, but that is about it.
You are paying for the Minecraft name with this comforter. My daughter loves it. For the price, would have been nice to include sheets and pilllow case.
It looked decent when I first received it, but already when I opened there were a few loose threads. Looks fine, but I expected something a bit thicker. They're kind of thin and don't really feel cheap but don't feel like such great quality. It's okay for the price but Macy's has nicer stuff for same price ranges.
It wasn't as detailed as I thought it would be. A lot more canvas then places to put the little studs...
2 of the items were cracked and 3 more had weak areas.
I used his after having heart surgery as I had read that this was a “must have”. It was able to provide the support I needed for weeks after he surgery. I used this at night to get comfortable. The only downfall was that it is not as comfortable as you would expect or hope. It provides support but does not feel entirely comfortable.
Poor handling had to glue the sign back in place
I ordered the same wine rack last year and it was in good condition. I just ordered another set. It was broken on the corner and had black particles under the clear coat.
Could be longer but it serves it's purpose.
The paints in this are ok they do tend to have a strong smell so beware of that if you are sensitive and my package arrived in a flimsy envelope so although the paint is great a majority of my brushes are broken and the bristles are not usable. Maybe next time they shouldn't send it in a flimsy envelope rather something more sturdy like a box.
So whoever painted these went crazy as it made it very difficult to do the initial assembly before bolting them together. Required a use of a soft rubber mallet to drive the legs together to make the two a-frame as initial assembly. Make sure you have the holes lined up for outer and inner legs before committing to the next step. The plastic caps for the botom were difficult to slide on as they are cheap plastic and even with using a rubber mallet to assemble the a frame caused damage to the ends some which made it more difficult.Next was the cross rods and aligning them with the hex head screws. There was so much paint on the tips of the rods that I had to chase them several times before actually assembling the rack. For the bottom wire trays, mine came with a bent bottom tray so had to wrangle the item in place before bolting it all together. btw, the cheap hex key they give you is worthless as it provides no torque to push the screw into the nut/rod ends. I ended having to use my power drill and a hex bit to make assembly more tolerable. Overall, what should take 7-10 mins to assemble took 30 minutes to force items to fit together. But what do you want for $30 bucks ? HAHA
Package it better than a thin mail pouch. Frame was bent in two places.:(
Not the picture shown. The pic was supposed to be vertically oriented ... and a different photo. What I rec'd is an OK pic but I needed a vertically oriented pic for the place I wanted to hang it. Disappointed.
The frame is okay but the plastic covering is foggy and dims the colors on any photo you put in it
I found this duvet while searching for a cotton duvet cover--as soon as I took it out of the package I realized it was microfiber. Reading the reviews now, it is microfiber, not cotton and the description is misleading "100% washed cotton process." The duvet is pretty, well made, very soft, too soft, also very very thin to the point it is nearly see through. I would not buy this again as I prefer crisp cotton bedding, having said that I'll be keeping it as I needed the bed to look nice and didn't have time to buy another.
The pillow is cute, but made of low quality fabric. I didn't expect this product to be super high quality because of the low price. I was more disappointed in the small hole where the zipper connected to the pillow. It was easier for me to fix it then send it back, so that's what I chose to do. Thus pillow will just be used for decor, won't make a good pillow for laying on.
Really nice the kids loved it unfortunately a lot of pieces came to trash from the Velcro that was barely even glued onto the back of the decoration pieces
The candle holders are beautiful and sized as expected. Unfortunately, one of the 12 candle holders arrived broken/shattered. I will be reaching out to the seller, in hopes of it being replaced before my event next week. Stay tuned..
This product works, but is it normal that it comes out in a stream and not a spray??
the case is beautiful and fits perfectly but the keyboard does not properly match the keys
I bought one that I love, then I bought a second one for my son and his wife. It doesn't work at all. Very disappointed in a 50% success rate. It was a gift I bought for Christmas so by the time they opened it and tried to use it I was past the return window. Ugh!
I order 3 blues and received 1 blue and I order 2 reds and received 4 reds with one being busted and leaked, luckily in a bag.
Used my sponge for a month, pattern never faded but yikes it sure started to smell. Hard to get used to if you always used a conventional sponge. Works OK but not for the money.
using this to hold a curtain as a door.. rod does it's job, but it is cheap. falls every so often I'm sure due to the curtain moving so much.
It's pretty, but very see through. Putting a liner behind it didn't help much.
GOOD PRODUCT BUT NOT AS SHINY
This burlap isn't very strong. We tried to wrap our bushes for winter but it tears too easily. I have used other products that were much more duarable. Will not buy again
Cheap looking. Not as nice as the picture
The quality is good. The fabric is very dense, which makes the blanket heavier than other cotton summer blanket. It feels more like a bedspread than a blanket.
These were Christmas gifts, they were funny although the recording was not really clear and sounded like springs bouncing.
Sound is very low, and no volume control.
This bag is not made for frequent use. It fell apart after a few weeks of carrying jewelry around.
This is really cheaply made, but also cheap in price. The glass (that's actually plastic) is super reflective and so my print doesn't show super well, but for now it does the job because it is so expensive for a nice frame this size!
Good product quality but very expensive for the size of the spool. Upon price checking after the fact it ran one dollar above norm.
Not the best for absorption of oils.
I'm really in between on this rating, I would give 3.5 stars. It's really well made from what I can tell. It's help up great through 5 or 6 washes so far and I LOVE that it's a zipper closure rather than buttons. I don't know why more covers don't have those. The 1.5 stars I took off is for color. It's described as a delicate peachy color, other reviewers said it was beautiful and subdued peach but I find that it's a lot more vibrant than what I was expecting. My room has lots of very subdued colors so this sticks out a little. I actually hope the color fades as I keep washing it! If you are looking for a solid peach you will love it, but if you like faded stuff you may not.
It's a beautiful piece. But the shipping is atrocious. It was only wrapped in a piece of paper and put into what can only be described as an oversized recycled material hotdog container. Needless to say my statue arrived broken. To get it replaced or a refund it would cost me more money since I would have to return the product. So we will try gluing it and see if that works. You would think something made of any breakable material would have some kind if padding or protection.
Not sure if these work or not- maybe I was expecting a more dramatic result?
When it runs it sounds like a quiet little engine. Ticks about 6 times a second. Not worth sending back but I wouldn't buy again.
Parts didn't line up perfectly but was able to get it assembled with a little effort. Looks fine and should be fine for light duty.
The only thing wrong with this item is that the store mails it folded up, so there are semi-permanent creases in it when you open it up. I'm going to wait for the weather to get a bit warmer to see if laying this plastic out in the sun will help to soften the plastic up again, in order to flatten it back out. I'm giving this item 3 stars, however, because of a reason which is really my own fault. I bought this plastic based off of the picture in the ad, rather than reading through the description. I was hoping for MUCH thicker plastic which bends, but doesn't droop like this plastic does. This plastic is something I could've purchased in my local fabric store... the kind which you can buy to make raincoats with, etc. Oh well. I'm sure I will find a use for it eventually... once I get the creased wrinkles out of it!
Everything is as described, but I found that none of the colors matched my cabinets. I have pretty cheap builders grade ones and so it's been hard to figure out exactly what color they are. I was unable to return them so I gave one of the markers a shot and although I can clearly see where I colored it in, it looks a bit better than whitish scratches.
A little too large for me. I am 5'3 and my legs dont quite bend and land where I would like them too over the contoured top. I think if you are a little taller than me, you would find more comfort in it.
Where can I get the heater serviced or repaired. I used it one season and it was great. Started using it a second season for about three days and now it won't work.
Good enough quality but the metal bends easily. Good for low traffic areas where the hooks won't be knocked.
I guess we can't leave seller feedback for this company, but I wanted you to know that I didn't receive the candle that I ordered. I ordered the silver birch candle but received the kitchen kitchen spice candle. The box that the candle came in did say silver birch so I'm sure you will be having more problems because of the switch.I had to put a star value to send this but obviously I don't know if I like the candle since I didn't get it. I did however get get the wrong candle on time.
You get what you pay for. The density is so low I can't tell it is under me. It only adds a little extra comfort.
Too small for my application. Just wasn't the right fit for what I needed. Not real fault of the seller or product
Pretty but I couldn't get the center bracket installed and the rod sags. Wish I had paid more attention to the diameter of the rod.
I liked that they look decent and they don't rust and turn ur finger green and black , though the sizes were big It fit on most of my fingers and I am a 7 in female rings, they look cheap but I guess that's what your paying for they aren't half bad
These are not the authentic Bamboo pillows. I had purchased one From a kiosk and loved it, I thoght I was getting a deal for this price. These are not the same as the bamboo pillow from the kiosk
I do like this rug, the only reason I gave it a 3 star was for false advertising. If u watch the video it shows them cutting the rug to show the thick sponge inside....NOT 😡. It's just as thin as the others.
The plastic hangers are better, these don't fit all hangers. Not as easy to get hangers on and off
Love the variety of colors. Haven't tried even half the pens yet and have some already out or without ink. Still feeling should be worth the cost.
Very pretty but not as sturdy as i needed. Some of the strings came right out and there was no way to fix.
Soft, but fitted sheet is extremely tight - you will have to fight with it - hoping it'll stretch out.
This worked pretty well after I fixed it. When I took it out of the box the auger that pushes the candy out was reversed and backing the candy up and jamming. So I had to take it apart and reverse the wires on the motor. After that it works pretty well. Wish I t came with a power cord tho because there is a spot to plug it in.
Nice, but the stitching is cheap.
Need to put something soft between it and the baby or it'll scratch up its back. Headband is trash! Buy a better headband.
I like it, just disappointed that it does not clean in a pattern. Did not realize this when I ordered it. I have to follow it to get it to cover all areas.
a lot to choose from, how ever I do wish I would have looked at the pictures more closely. There are somethings I wont be able to use, such as a gun charm... also one arrived broken
Looked forward to using them, but one was already broken before I had even put anything in it.
Love the concept and it would be perfect except the pump screw keeps coming undone and falling in the dispenser :/ not sure why.
I just got these today & I'm wondering what to do with them. They are flat as a pancake & no instructions to go by.
Came incomplete AGAIN. No remote.
I bought these because i have a lot of hand me down clothes for my daughter that she currently doesn't fit in so i needed to store under my bed but some of the bigger bags don't stay vacuum sealed. I've made sure that they are properly closed but some how they continue to inflate.
Upon first use it felt very comfortable to sit on. Over time though (week or two), it became rather firm. Not as soft feeling as it once was. Now it is difficult to sit on it for more than a couple of hours to do my computer work. I'm finding it necessary to use another cushion under it. It's a nice size that fully covers the seat part of a desk chair. I like the fact that it is even clear across the cushion without any raised areas on the sides like some I've seen. Do make sure you turn it once in a while (like turn clock wise; don't flip over to other side) so you're not sitting on the same spot all the time.
Love the picture itself. When I got it out of box, there was a big hole on the picture below the frame. Wish it was handled better.
The are large but blend in well on a white wall. Despite the wall finish being uneven, the bumpers have stuck to it without fail. After a month no discoloration is visible. An excellent product held back by a high price.
1st these are SO CUTE , But I had 1 set unraveled in box when I opened it so I assume it was put in box that way , 2nd set falling apart as I picked it up out of box SO I got the super glue out glued the set that had just started to unravel & next 2 pieces before they started , the unraveled set will be fixed on e I ha e time geez - lime that's gona be soon NOT.. Us get what you pay for so as long as your prepared with some glue as soon as you open the box these will be great now just a heads up helmets glue may actually be best & once I go BUY a bottle I'm set but hell honestly I do t keep that on hand the super glue may not even be a fix...
I was disappointed that there was so little tape on each roll and that though it was advertised as foil only some of the rolls actually had foil. The tapes were pretty and had good designs. I have not used it enough to know about the adhesion. When asked for review so quickly after receiving them there is no way to know how they will function. The tapes appear well made so I feel they will function well.
There is no way to clean this.
It works, but dries very slowly. Also, it's got a strong odor. I use this for fine detail gluing, so I'm right on top of it. I then saw the warning on the tube that it can be cancer-causing. Great. Probably won't use this anymore for up close projects. Was just getting tacky after sitting for about 10 minutes, so not ideal for quick hard gluing.
I'm only giving it 3 stars because of the colors. They're definitely not like in the picture. Also a lot of fuzz fell off of it when I put it on my bed, it got everywhere. It's soft and lightweight but still disappointing.
Only worked a couple months battery area get rusty
Maybe it's working a little, but I cannot tell. Maybe larger packets will work to eliminate pet odor on carpet but I'm not convinced. Therefore I won't invest more onto it. I think I'll invest in wood flooring instead.
The smell is very strong. I did as the instructions said- I put it in the dryer with 3 Bounce sheets for 25 minutes, it did puff up the pillow which is great but the smell is still so strong u can't lay your head on it. I hope the smell leaves sooner than later. I can't really comment on the pillow's comfort because I haven't slept on it yet.
VERY SOFT SHEETS BUT THE TOP SHEET IS TO NARROW
It's not bad, but for $100 I'd rather not be poked by a bunch of feathers every night.
I bought 2 of these and a piece from both had large cracks in them from what looks like someone stepping on them in the center. So that was disappointing. They also show finger prints really easily. I will say however that once put together they seem pretty sturdy. The assembly process is a huge pain, it will literally take you hours so set aside an afternoon.
So does it work.. I feel like more pressure could be applied if it was air tight but seems alot of the pressure is exhausted from the housing. Maybe this is by design but it did work after some pumping.
We have a love-hate relationship with this blanket. We love that it heats with normal voltage, not low voltage. We want to feel the heat. It's also soft to the touch. We hate the way it is designed with no seams. The two sides (or one continuous side). I bunches terribly and every time one moves th blanket moves with you. I also pills terribly. Also we purchased a king blanket and it barely fits our queen bed.
Great color selection! After wearing them for a while i noticed the balls kept breaking in half.
Very cute, but very low quality. Ordered this for a birthday gift for my niece. She had it a week and I was embarrassed to find out the seams are already coming apart in several spots. I don't recommend this prouduct. Very disappointed with this purchase!
These are nice curtains, not as sheer as i thought they would be. They are good quality but they came out of the package with a few spots that look like rust? Not sure what it could be from.. there are metal rings that they hang from so maybe they got wet. I dont know.
It seems to be a good product
Great look and length, but after one day of wearing at work (very physical work, sweat a lot) tarnished and turned my neck green. I'll continue to wear them, just not when I'm going to do a lot of physical activity.
I don't get why a toilet paper stand is so expensive. I went with this brand and it's ok. The bottom is sturdy and fairly weighted so it doesn't knock over easily but I wish there was some kind of end piece to screw on once you put a roll on the stand. This would prevent it from sliding off when using. There's no way to really rip off a piece of toilet paper without holding it with one hand to keep it from sliding or falling off the stand. The color matches what I need so that was nice.
Hand towels did not come with embedded stitching as shown on screen. They were totally void of this nice design. I will be returning them.
The two pieces dont always close together well, sometimes there is a gap. This is due to the hinge not being shaped correctly. Also, the hook on most of them keeps falling off and as they wear it is happening more and more. I wish I could find some where the hook mechanism and hinge is all steel, like they used to be, but I have not seen any of them anymore.
They looks smaller they are extremly large for what I needed them for but they will be used or donated
battery life is too short
They are okay. Not great, but not a bad value for the price.
I gave it 3stars because, finally, someone made a jewelry box with a ballerina of color. Hurrah! The box is very small and unfortunately, it will probably not last long, because it's a glossy print paper laminated over thin cardboard....its as cute as can be but, a wood or composit one would have been a better value for the money, and would last longer.
Looks and feels very cheap. I guess you get what you pay for here but it does the job just doesn't look like wood as the picture would suggest.
I've had this Roomba about two weeks and it has run about 6 times. It seems to clean carpet well and is impressive in the amount of debris collected. However, in setting it to clean overnight it has gotten stuck twice, once on a heat duct flush with the floor and once it became wedged between a chair and a stand and could not free itself. The dust bin is small and would need to be emptied half way through when doing a whole house. This model runs until battery needs to recharge but doesn't remember where it need to resume. Best to run it when you are home and able to free it when it becomes stuck. If I were to purchase this brand again I would spend the money for the 900 series with mapping technology.
Funny enough I have a dyson and an old black & decker and a shark vacuum. Did not fit any of them. The idea behind it is great though. Wish there were more connection options or some sort of rubber band like attachment that would create a snug, universal fit
Very soft. I think it is for larger not petite people. Too bulky and made my hips too flexed.
The lights are not bright enough for me. I have a hard time seeing to do my eyebrows. This part disappoints me.
Ordered a pair, and the inside of one seemed to have rust. The metal is thin and a little flimsy, I can see how other reviewers stated they were bent. Bath and body works 3 wick candles fit perfectly, other than their lids.
These Bamboo Coasters are smaller than the ones I bought near my home. They also have a dull look, unlike the beautiful glossiness of the Coasters I bought locally. They're great Coasters to absorb liquid!
Very tricky to assemble. Set aside a bit of time.
I have a craft business and was looking for table cloths for craft fairs. I ordered an 8 foot and 6 foot in burgundy. One arrived fine, but one arrived and about 5 inches of the seams were already coming apart. I'll probably sew them myself to fix it. Aside from that they do fit very nicely on folding tables with a nice weight. The color is very pretty. I had ordered these in blue about 2 years ago (only use them a few times in the fall craft season) but the color holds up very nicely.
Noce stocking holders did not fit my mantle
This was my 2nd set. Loved the first one so ordered the 2nd one and the first time I put it on the elastic broke on the fitted sheet which sort of bummed me out so be careful.
This pillow is very firm.
My unit won't hold pressure in the soap storage chamber, which prevents the first several times when you activate it, from dispensing soap. Very aggravating!
Color as shown. Delivered on time. I wanted something to put my dirty towels in for a family of 4. The size is a little past my knee ( I am 5'4). It is pretty slim do it does not take a lot of space. I think of it almost as the size of a med kitchen trash can. This basket is good for small loads and it is space saving.
Guess I went to cheap. I had to use both to give the pillow cover some stability.
Not very sturdy and keep falling down
One of the surfaces was split. Not the highest quality.
Fan is quiet and works well
These balloons were so cute! And great price!! Can't really review on the quality because the helium tank I got wasn't a good one so the balloons didn't float. Bummer!!! So keep that in mind when purchasing these
I am partially disabled. I wasn't able to put it up. I tried. My friend came to help me. He got the lower panel up in 3 minutes. The top panel took a bit longer, but when it was done we felt good about it. The next morning I went out to the kitchen and saw that the top panel fell down overnight. It didn't last a day. We did everything the directions told us to in the order it directed. Soooo, we tried again, but added a clear tack glue on the top corners. So far, it seems to be holding. I guess I have to give it a MAYBE. I like not having to look at the junkyard our landlord calls a backyard. In retrospect, my friend noticed the product roll was inside out when we removed it from the box. Perhaps that had something to do with the issues.
Copper pads clean great, last long and don't scratch. That said these pads are less dense and not as well made as chore boys i have bought in the past.
Looks good works good. Only complaint is the pole holders are to close to have a rod and reel in every slot so it works better for just storing rods without reels. Also won't fit bigger surf rods but I figured that much when purchasing
didn't last long before slowly dieing
Not as much paper as I thought but shipped quickly and was useful
works ok, but to go through all that, mite as well get the ironing board out
Buyer beware.. this is not a standard size shower curtain. It was sooooo cute and it was nicely printed and I was so happy until I realized it was 10 inches too small for my shower and liner. If you have a small tub or single shower and you are not planning on using a liner (probably don't have to.. it's pretty sturdy but I have to as my kids are horrible) then this is a great curtain. Otherwise.. don't do it. It's just too small.
Just is very thin. I thought it would be thicker around the edge, but it is ok for my bathroom which it was intended for. I will not buy again to thin.
Nice plaque, horrible packaging for glass. The glass was shattered when I received item. As it's a Christmas gift, u able to exchange it in enough time.
I really liked the bracelet but I won't stay tightened. It loosens up just minutes after tightening. I'm returning it only for that reason.
I ordered the yellow, BUT they are orange sherbert. Very soft and smooth sheets, but the color was totally NOT YELLOW. They do NOT match my taupe and yellow bedroom. Disappointed...
They are super cute, however one of them was ripped on the seam.
Light weight and plush feeling. Unfortunately, one of them is ripped a bit...
This came with zero instructions or information. I found some YouTube videos to figure out how to properly thread and use it. It did the job I needed. (mending the canvas of a pop-up camper). But, the wood it was made with did not seem strong and I felt like it would crack at anytime. I suspect I'll only be able to get one or two more jobs out of it before it fails. I think I should have spent a little more for better quality.
Worked exactly as described. I gave it 3 stars because it appears to be so inexpensive to mass produce, its a crime to charge so much. I felt foolish after I realized that these are simply stickers. They make Hello Kitty stickers seem like a bargain.
Plastic and cheap but it worked. Also, you have to jam the candles in , so they stay put and don't fall and burn the house down.
I decided to go with solar screens on the outside of my RV instead of putting this film on the windows
I initially bought this item to replace my current memory foam pillows but after trying to sleep on them for a night I realized that they are too firm for my liking. I found the pillow to be too high on both ends and caused a little stiffness to my neck. I ended up selling them to my ex boyfriend who appears to like the firmness of these pillows.
Great-feeling pad, but has cold spots, as well as about a foot of cold space at the foot of the bed. For this much money, I definitely expected better.
It's bigger and supposedly more powerful than the smaller old one it replaced but it doesn't actually cool my house as well. A bit disappointed.
I have medium sized hands (I always use medium gloves) and these oven mitts are a very tight fit, even a little uncomfortable. Otherwise they are fine and look good.
I like the huge capacity. I don't like the unreadable water level gauge. I don't like the control panel. I wish it had a simple ON/OFF switch. if my cat rubs against the thing in the night, he changes the settings. I don't like the multiple functions. The timer function is still a mysterious thing. You can't get rid of it. If you accidentally hit the timer button the thing turns off in an hour. When it runs out of water, it will awaken you out of a sound sleep, because it insist on going to full brightness. You ain't gonna sleep again until you refill it or unplug it. I wish it made hotter steam. The steam this thing makes in 'heat' mode is lukewarm.
Nice color and very soft. It arrived on time. Looks a little cheaper in person. It's about what you would expect for the price. I double it will last very long.
these are very thin very soft blankets. i would donate them to a dog shelter or something. i used them for covering my drafty windows during the winter [underneath my drapes]
Love the look of it but it was hard for me to get it to stay on the top of the tree
Should have read the reviews. It's basically a child's broom. It's too short and the width of the actual broom is a joke. It would take forever to sweep an apartment.
Good for summer, but too thin for cold months.
Lightweight...cleans floors pretty well but not carpets.. biggest issues with it is that it's really loud when it's on bare floors..need earplugs to use it
So I'm hoping I can eventually love these. They were super soft and awesome when we took them out of the package...after the first wash they were nowhere near as soft! I'm hoping they feel better once they are stretched onto the bed but I'm not loving them as much as I did in the package right now!
Safe packaging. Simple instructions and manual. Light materials. Quality filters. It would be perfect if the fan didn't start making noise before I ever needed to replace, or even clean, the filters.
Thinner than I would like and description says ivory and red but it is clearly white and red.
Its an ok brush. Looks good but a little softer than expected. Gets light - medium stuck on crud ok but too soft for the heavier stuff even when using the scraper.
The net in the inside of the hampers don't actually come out. The hamper is smaller than I expected. The stand is cheap material but it works, stays in place all the time. I honestly don't think it's worth the price, the only thing I like about it is that it keeps my colors separated so it does save time when I'm doing my laundry, & it's a cute hamper if you're going for a room theme.
They're okay.. not great
Great for protecting my fingers while sewing, however a snug fit would have been perfect.
The print itself is clear and looks very good, but unfortunately, it's not centered. I measured it out very precisely, but the second piece in from the right is definitely off quite a bit. Just based on that I probably would not order from this seller again.
Way to small. Disnt even see it.
For a 170 inches rod, they only gave three brackets. The rod hangs down in the middle. I ended up buying two extra brackets for support. It cannot support the weight of curtains with just one middle bracket. It looks good, finials are nice.
Not loud enough for me
Ok not as strong smelling and comes out very very slow.
it was the product that I was looking for but it will work
Definitely not as blue as shown in the photo. Much closer to clear With a blueish tint to it. Still very nice and the shape is really pretty.
The shelves are thinner then pictured. NOT worth the money at all. The only reason I didn't give a one star rating was due to the ease of installation
They work just ok; on one of my pots it scratched it a lot; my cookie sheets it did not clean at all
No way to clean the water tank, small hole to drain water on. No way to open and clean the device - I suspect it would last alot longer if cleaning could be done on the unit. I did run it over night and got only a few drops of water. Not really humid or dry so I was expecting more moisture to be removed. I will use it to knock down humidity in our bedroom on really humid days. All that being said the price was right and the seller has awesome customer service.
Thin, but adequate. They're not top of the line, but I wouldn't want to use them on a regular basis.
The quality was decent for the price, but we were disappointed that our king size cover only came with ties in the corners. The larger sizes really need ties along the sides and top seam as well.....like the duvet has. Add the proper amount of ties and this would have been a 5-star product for the price. Instead, we're already shopping for another so we're not fighting the covers all night trying to get some duvet to go with the duvet cover where it actually matters in bed.
They are a little big...the deep pockets were a little too big and they keep coming off of my bed.
The good is it is made with good material and works well. The bad is I got the largest size but does now fit my DDD bras with underwire. The more comfy ones without underwire do fit though.
I would love to review these, but have not had a chance to use any yet.
It has help me keep things at hand but it isn't not a great quality product.
Cheap material, very thin. Good for a nice laugh but we believe they will not hold up until Christmas.
Too wobbly. But you get what you pay for.
Got this for my broken ankle and was slightly disappointed with size. I should have bought a larger pillow. In hindsight, just invest the $40-$60 on a pillow with the leg groove. Much better on dimensions and the groove helps Keep the leg from moving.
Product should only be used for bigger scale printing graphics. Was very hard to weed around smaller letters. HTV would not stay intacted to backing for heat pressing. Decent product!
I used it to hang towels on. It looked a lot bigger in the picture. Only two towels fit on it. It's very cute, but smaller than it looks.
I am sure this product works great usually but the marker from this seller came with one of the caps off, so the marker was completely dry when I got it.
You can find heavy ones that will last forever from Target. These are very this and always look messy and become a tripping hazard.
It's just a pain to figure out how to set it. And our first temperature sensor didn't work and they made us overly explain everything we had done before they sent us a new one. Finally got the new one and it works.
Extremely hard to assemble. Had to drill extra holes and get creative. Super annoying. Satisfied with end result though.
So far so good.....have only had it for a couple of weeks. Will evaluate in a month.
Not sure about sending directly to gift person, it may need to be washed first! Appears to be well made took it out of its bag and it felt damp was very musty, hoping it will wash well they did include care instructions -- Update Washed well and the smell washed out.
Overall, the product looks pretty good when applied to small areas or objects. This size is NOT good for shelving. I have to admit, I'm used to the high quality Deco (DUCK) brand and the original Contact Paper brand. This is different in how it behaves when applying it. The short rolls are rolled so tightly that they won't softly bend back for easy application. This was it's biggest drawback, other than it's very short width and length. Because I was always at the end of the roll after each shelf I was lining, the waste was substantial. But once you get the hang of how differently this adhesive paper behaves, it can look nice when all done if you don't mind all the waste.
Can see sew lines every where, was not happy with that, sms after wash even on gentle, becomes very thick in some places and bunches up
Kind of cheap but ok for a cute accent. They are elastic and I thought big for a napkin ring. Worked out fine for a one time use.
I had really high hopes for this duvet cover as so many people praised it. I just washed it today and dried it on the delicate setting and it came out incredibly wrinkled. Since it is cotton I did not want to dry it on the normal setting. Should I have done so instead? The pillow cases were so wrinkled I had to iron it. Someone had mentioned that when they took it out of the dryer it was nice and straight. Also, as I was putting my pillow in, some of the stitches went loose. For the price, I was definitely expecting something better.
These strips seem blotchy and a little difficult to read but will suffice. Giving thee stars for low quality compared to other brands.
These canisters are beautiful. I ordered the cookie jar (the one with the handles on either side) as a gift, and I received the large canister (without the handles). Because I was under a time constraint, I gave it, and it was well received, but it was not what I ordered. This would be a five star item if I had received what I ordered.
The fabric is very hot
These are well made, but are so small that they look cheap.
Does not stay cushiony, goes pretty flat after laying on it for just short time. I have slept on other down alternative pillows that stay fluffed all night. These don't provide very much support.
The comforter and pillow case are great, and exactly what I was looking for for my daughter's toddler bed. The sheets are a complete disappointment. They are terribly made with the worst material I've ever seen.
It works great and you only need it at about half way on the dial for a small room; however, my biggest complaint is that it is not easy to refill the container. There are no handles (which really should exist for carrying upside down after/to filling and then lifting/putting back into the base). This missing feature causes me to spill water every time I refill it. If it wasn't for that, I would give this 5 stars so if that is not a concern of yours, this product works great.
Pretty to look at but very flimsy
The soy wax chips does last a lot longer especially when you're burning but I've noticed that it Started to create a crater when burning the candle and this happened with about 20 candles I've made using the soy chips
Bottom cup arrived broken. I would return this but I need to use them for a party tomorrow. Just one cup broke- but that is one cup less than I paid for. I recommend to the seller to have a cardboard mold at the bottom of each cup stack in the shipment box to prevent bottom cups from breaking during shipment. Other than that, these cups are nice and good quality and i would have rated them higher.
The bags are okay. The zippers come off too quick. Wish that seller would sell the big black ones separate. We would definitely purchase the black ones more often for what we use them for.
as good as any other
It's cute, it just doesn't put off much light. I ended up having to get another night light to use as well, because it didn't light my kids' room up very well. My kids like how it looks though.
It did not stick to the wall well with the provided hardware. There is no wood on the wall where the screws go. The wall anchors are really cheap and won't stay in the wall. I had others so I am okay with it.
Product looks good and easy to assemble. Seems a little flimsy. Installed according to instructions. Lower pole needed to be deeper. Leaning in and not real sturdy. Cross pieces have a lot of play. It does the job so i guess it's OK.
What a bummer! I got the red one with the flower picture and I loved it, now I got a black one for my friend and there's no flowers! Now I don't want to give it to her like that!
Two worked best out of the four for some reason. But the two that work are working great.
i found the fabric somewhat thin for bedding.
Really good but great
its fine for the price. But the stitching is off in places, and the ties on the inside corner were not actually sown in well enough because they came off as soon as i touched them, let alone tried to tie my duvet to it.
Price went up 40% over 2 days after buying 2 at the lower price.
It is Ok but maybe too thin for my taste. It doesn't slip around so that is a good thing.
I know it said 12 inches - l just thought it would be bigger
The item that arrives does NOT resemble the product photo provided by the seller. It does not feel like the memory foam depicted in the sellers photos either. The cover is a weird cottony wool that is ill-fitted for the foam core. The upsetting part is that this item cost MORE than the wedge purchased for my back, which is a higher quality foam and a much nicer cover that actually fits. The cover for the knee wedge is a hot wintery fabric that is surely to make some people feel too warm.
Nicer in Photo. Hard to Handle for me. Bit Disappointed
They are not so good quality
We really like the product. But it disappeared in delivery for awhile and then showed up at my other delivery address instaed of the one it was listed for and it showed up with some damage.
It was crazy, this is just a blank toilet paper roll. But when you wipe, it looks just like the 44th President of the US.
Its pretty but does not look like flames inside, just orange-y.
The glass was not set correctly and covered part of the hole that the hearts go in. Ended up having to widen the slot with a pocket knife.
Decent enough. Don't see it lasting long here. The stick is not strong.
Much smaller than expected
Not as sturdy as I would have liked and larger than I needed.
Cute shelf but it did not come with hardware to install the shelf
It is smaller than expected and pretty flimsy for the price.
This trash can is SUCH a great idea! Sadly it didn't work for me because it hit the kitchen sink. It would be better if they had made this sit a little lower to fit all cabinets. Also, I measured this myself and the measurements on the product description/feature seems to be inaccurate.
cheap quality..detail not great on marine emblems, and skull and cross bones cheap and words are strung together. only decent ones are flags and grey punisher flag
I have been wanting to try a weighted blanket for my insomnia. I loved the weight of it and I was able to go asleep pretty easily with this one but I would wake up in the morning so hot! I even started sleeping with the fan on because i was falling asleep so easily but I had to return it because it's just not working to keep me asleep.
The pin basically works as expected. The sharp end of the pin will go through the cap though. I have poked myself several times and have to pull the cap back a little
They look really good and would be perfect for any coaster project but mine came chipped. All of them expect for 4 or 5 were chipped on the edges. The seller should have packed them better for shipping.
They really smell bad! But nice size.
I wouldn't recommend for lashing. Gets in the way and not bright enough.
Had a different color from a year ago, and I decided to give it another shot. This one is soft but thinner. Not sure if it I'd a QC issue or new manufacturer, but not the qiality I was expecting. Thankfully it's inexpensive.
The book look alright but not made of Cloth or leather.
Sheets appear to be of good quality but have to return them (after washing) since discovering the fitted sheet is a full and the flat sheet a queen. Hassle!
Small tears in one corner due to my box spring's plastic corner guards. Guess it makes sense but I expected it to be more durable.
I like the mirror a lot. It looks really good but the strap is covered with white stuff. Very hard to clean off. So the mirror looks great from the front but very ugly from the side becasue of the stain.
I really liked these, even ordered more! Until just this last week I noticed they had torn, a few days later, after I washed them and put them on again. I was very disappointed as they are really soft. But now with the big tear in one if the corners who knows how long it'll last.
Doesn't hold a charge well ~ too heavy for me ~ CARRYING CASE CAME WITH A BROKEN ZIPPER ~ PLEASE SEND ME A REPLACEMENT!!!
The product is descent but it did not cover the whole tree. We have an average size tree and it only covered half. To cover a whole tree you would need to buy two and at a total of 20$ it's just not worth it
Would be better with a longer power cord Otherwise, works okay.
I like the look and feel of the duvet, the only downside is the duvet ties do not properly fit the weighted blanket making the duvet look a little crooked.
WISH IT WAS A LITTLE BIGGER AND THE THREADS COME LOOSE EASILY
Gives a slight glimmer that only shows when you move into the light. The lip gloss is more gloss than glimmer. There isn't enough glitter per gel for the lip gloss so it just looks like you out on any old lip gloss.
After putting brand new batteries in the glasses - they never worked. What a waste
The humming birds were quick and easy to do. Completed piece looks good from afar, but not much detail when you look close-up.
a little rough... but nice colors.
I believe this product has a lot of potential. I love the design and the price is great. Just wish it was made with sturdy material. Mine arrived a little damaged which I'm not surprised once I felt the material it's made out of.
Used it once and the paper slipped
I wanted to put them in the patio for mood lighting but they are way too small, plus not waterproof, so I put them in the kitchen doorway to wow the baby, it worked. Cute, but better for indoors.
Pretty flimsy... especially the lid. Definitely not your "Hey... that's a nice ice bucket"... ice bucket. Leaves a lot to be desired and you could do better, which is what people told me after wife #1. Look around and see what else is out there. I did that and found wife #2. Pretty good but still didn't hold up as expected as I am sure neither will this ice bucket. Personally, I'm done with both.
smells great but pmp defective = doesn't work.
Very pretty but takes a long time to heat up.
Looks more professional in picture.
The frame looks as advertised. The materials don't feel that great in the hand or close up. But it does the job!
The fan works great, hate the way it operates through the modes. Have to push the power button multiple times to turn it off, as it runs through the programmed times.
I bought the pillow to fill a 35" x 35" pillowcase. Beware the depth of your pillowcase, because this pillow doesn't fill it out. It's also not adequate to put on top of a hardwood or concrete surface. The fill gives quite a bit.
The seam on the back end of the pillowcases were not sewn closed and they just hang open., it looks unfinished and messy.
Not that upset with this because I'm putting a mask on it but there is a huge dent in the nose the whole left side is caved in.
can't get pipes tight and lined up its one or the other. the packing it came in was so beat up i have pices of it all over my living room now. Also my hands are gray from putting it together so put on some gloves. over all i would not buy it again. It is not cheaper then if i got the pices at the store. all it did was save time driving there and back. that time was spent vacuuming all the little pices off my floor scrubbing the stuff of my hands and trying to get everything tight and lined up.
It's ok. I thought it would be bigger than it looks like on the description. A little disappointing but it's ok. There's not my room to fill it up either.
Nice looking laundry basket- but you are going to want to file down the shoddy welds on the bottom surface if you don't want to scratch your floors.
Holds what I need it to, but the plastic cover easily rips. I have it "fixed" with some packaging tape and works just as fine.
the top part is so cumbersome to put on and off ... very thin and skinny if you have a tight space
Seems a little cheap and it's much longer and wider and much thinner than I expected, but that's probably my fault for not seeing the dimension info.
Very difficult to use. Even after a lot of use, I still make too many mistakes. Placement is a little off most of the time, and storage is an issue because it is huge, and lies awkwardly on its side. I'll stick to cheaper versions that allow more control.
Not the size I thought it was but made due for what I needed at the time. Like the storage box it came in
a lot of loose threads. material is cheap quality. came with snag in the fabric. not worth the money
Solid, heavy build. It is NOT crystal. It is glass with OK clarity and some manufacturing flaws such as air bubbles. Disappointed as after reading reviews was expecting a better quality product.
It worked wonders on the copper bottoms of some of my pots! They were shinier than new BUT it ruined two very, very old cookie sheets, rubbing off all the finish so that I had to toss them out.
Insufficient compression power for a large water inflatable.
This item was a great space saver, but I wish I had purchased the one with spaces for the spray starch and other items. Also my iron is not as secure as I would like it. It hangs down a little bit and I have to loop the cord a little to rig my iron in place so it wont fall out.
I thought this would be a great idea for a gift. But I had difficulty reading my inspirational quote engraved on the front. There was no color contrast to highlight it. The pictures were also difficult to see through the snow globe. I would not purchase another one.
I love the paint. However I got chopped pesto instead of mushy peas. I would beware of this vendor.
Lol it was a gag gift
I have been ordering from Amazon for some time now and this is one of the few times that I am disappointed in the product that I received. As you can see in the pictures the treestand was rusted on one foot and the other foot did not have a protective cap on it. I looked throughout the whole box and bag and did not find the missing cap. It takes a very long time to get the tree to look natural, so as not to see the pole in the middle and have spaces. The tree has an odor but not one that is over powering. That being said, it is a nice looking tree. I still cannot understand how a company can ship an time like this, unless it was a used tree stand.
It looks good when you open the case, but the case itself is cheezy looking
Nice but dont hold up, there are already holes in the stitching.
Not large enough...order larger sizes for best fit.
My mom really wanted this and had such high hopes but when it arrived it was already missing something and another piece was broken. They sent us out a replacement with no problem which was great but the product is not what she thought it was going to be or hoped for. It takes a long time to dry the mop head too, no matter how well you wring it out
Three stars is my first impression, that is based solely on the weight of the blanket. It is very thin and light weight and the sceptic in me finds it hard to believe that this blanket can keep me very warm. I am going to give it a fair shot though, because first impressions aren't always right. If I'm wrong and this blanket ends up doin a great job I will change my review. The color and texture of the blanket are wonderful... soft fabric beautiful burgundy color. Hope it ends up being warmer than it looks!
Updated review*** the seller contacted me and stated that I possibly received a defective piece and would like to correct. The response was quick and very professional. I am pleased with the outcome. The turner is junk!!!! It will not hold any cup or turn with the cup. The cups fall off. I've tried using a noodle, a football, the foam that came with it. A complete waste of money.
Doesn't really give me the feeling of conditioning that I've had from other similar products.
I weigh 265 lbs and the first time I sat on it one of the slats dislodged. Not sure if not glued or not as sturdy as I expected.
The product is nice but there was a glue residue left all along the top rungs of the holder!
I'm giving it a 3 star only because one of the mason jars came broken which is easy to replace which is fine but other then that supper cute and easy to put up
I like these very many colors but very easy to rub off
These are not worth it. They do not work at all
Pretty but very heavy
I purchased two of these, and planned to place them strategically in my home to clean the air. However. The units are identical. However, one of them is very much louder than the other, and has a small, but annoying vibration that the other does not have. If both units worked as well as the quiet one, this would be 5 stars.
Extremely see-through. I probably wouldn't buy again. The "graphing paper"-style rolls are not really useful for anything as they are certainly not pretty enough to be decorative??? Was looking for washi tape in narrower widths than typical, for a specific project, and these were narrow enough. So I will give them that. And the colors included are a nice muted gradient--lots of rolls to choose from. Mostly just displeased it's SO transparent. Also does not stick well to itself. To other surfaces ok.
This looks great on my bathroom wall. The only problem is that the thermometer has been broken since it arrived. I am pretty sure my bathroom's temperature does not always hover around 30 degrees, especially when the room is steamy after a shower.
The clasps break off like 2 out of 10 times
Storage bags were smaller than I expected. The material is also very thin. Can't over pack or may break. Flimsy zipper also.
These are a bit more flimsy than I thought they would be. Only bought them for my guest bathroom, so they don't get too much abuse.
Ordered a flat bed skirt but received a ruffled one, which was EXTREMeLy wrinkly. Would not order this again, was very disappointed.
Durability was long term.
Although they are very sharp and work well, I found them to be too heavy.
This did not help my sagging, 14 day old, brand new, Extra Firm Simmons Beauty Rest mattress. I returned this item and I'm in process of returning this mattress set also.
This tool works well. The problem I have is that the wand valve is plastic and no replacement parts for the valve or wand are available. In the case of any type of failure with the wand one must purchase the entire assembly including the hose.
I purchased this item to burn into wood for decorative pieces. The pen does not get hot enough and if it does, the heat does not last long. I have to keep walking away so that it can reheat. The tips unscrew easy which forces you to have to continuously screw it back which involves using the silicone tips or turning the pen off completely to tighten the screw. Overall, it has made me frustrated enough to give up.
Poorly made and small even though I measured. But it works, I like it alot!
just right size in my small cabinet. good price as well. however, the installation is tricky. With a small peice of paper instruction with crapy tiny diagrams wasted so much time.
Was not as sturdy as I would have liked
The broom is fine. Easy to assemble and works just like a broom. The dust pan was a piece of crap. I couldn't put it together and ended up throwing it out.
Bought used and letters were just loose in box, sliding all around. Some have therefore been scratched. The rows aren't quite even so letters placed in top and bottom row slide around while those in center bulge out a bit. Would be nice if it had a cord and didn't just run on batteries.
Haven't washed it yet. But it has flattened out considerably. I may send it back.
only one of the two items I purchased was compatible. Not sure what to do with the other item. I did not notice until after the 30-day return window elapsed.
I bought this candle as a gift for Xmas and it was lit right away. The lavender fields scent was strong but not overbearing. After a few days, we got to the ring that was inside. It wasn't able to fit any finger to the person it was gifted. I had hoped we would get a different item since the option to choose a size was not available. Scent still filled the house nicely.
These pillow covers are beautiful. However the dye is not set and the color fades FAST. I have had them about a month outside on patio chairs and they are totally ruined. I will be tossing them out. I do not recommend purchasing these.
Works well for us. The only downside is that it rotates on the suction cup mount, so after a few uses it has a tendency to fall off, but for what it is can't complain.
Package was smaller than I anticipated. Product was as described.
It wasn't as big as I thought it was supposed to be
The suction cups arent all that great. Even when you clean off the surface and let it dry; the auctions are iffy.
Delicate, but very sheer... You'll need to triple up or more for privacy.
These pillows are really thick and hold their shape well. I need a thinner flatter pillow so as to not jack up my neck when I sleep. They work great for sitting up in bed to read or be on my laptop. They are getting easier to sleep on as I break them in from regular sleeping.
Smaller than expected
This thing is a monster to operate! Supposed to be self propelled but really isn't.
We think overall this will be great however when gift opened this morning one of the ghosts was broken off and rattling around inside the house. It did light up and others moved around like they're supposed to. We're returning and hopefully next one will be ok. Attached pictures where you can hopefully see the empty stand where third ghost is supposed to be. Update: The replacement one arrived pretty quickly (on New Years Eve) however it was also broken. This time the Scrooge figure was broken off and laying in the bottom. With these houses there doesn't appear to be any way to open the bottom to reach inside. If there had been we might have tried to fix it but that may not have been possible. At any rate we had no choice but to return this item as well. We're pretty disappointed as I intended this for a Christmas gift for my husband. This time we didn't ask for a third one and just asked for a refund.
The seller could put the bottle in a bag for shipping. I am still trying to get gold glitter off my face and in my den.
I received one with a catch in it The rest were good They are nice otherwise
Hinge was broke during shipping allowing all the beads to mix together. Unfortunately this was a wrapped gift and I didn't know that until it was too late. Also, you pay more for these beads to be color separated so was disappointed that the broken hinge allowed them to mix together.
I adore the "ewe", but had not really meant to order----did not need. The item was shipped to my mother's old address, and by the time I received---too late to return
The pattern is sideways :( very soft and comfortable, but the fitted sheet doesn't go the right way. The top sheet does, but it doesn't match
I am waiting to discover a difference in my sensitivity to mold. I have rhinitis and it doesn't appear to be helping with that either. Wish it did.
Could be a little more sticky. Doesn't peel the vinyl as well as I would like
These are good markers but not at all brush tip, shaped like a brush maybe but definitely not brush tip as lead on.
Not much Cedar Aroma on this wood. Possibly old, who knows? Wouldn't recommend or buy again.
very light weight and flimsy. Mop head doesn't function well handle flimsy and short. But it works
Does the job. A lot of circle puffs that don't turn out looking like the photos due to hand assembly. Lots of pieces got confusing we only did a couple. The rest of the kit was good.
Cleans well but is extremely heavy for petite people
Decent quality. Not sure I would've bought if I saw it in person beforehand
The reason for the lower review is my concern that there were scuff marks right out of the box for the item. I would imagine over time it would get scratched up but not right out of the box especially at this price point.
The images on the page are definitely photoshopped and not real photos. The scale between the stars and the moon is way off. I know this is nitpicking but the moon isn't round. The bottom is kind of flat and doesn't curl up to make a circle if you were to fill it in. I know that is a small detail but I'm crazy like that and the ones pictured are the correct shape. Also just forget about the moon sticking. I ended up buying the 3m removable mounting squares and used them on the moon and large stars. The moon doesn't even stay for 10 minutes otherwise. On the pro side, they are very pretty and shiny like mirrors (they have a protective film that you have to peel off.. I have a feeling that people who complained about them not being shiny forgot to remove it). Also there are plenty to cover and average size bedroom wall. Basically they aren't exactly what I was hoping for but they are good enough to keep and not return. I'd probably still buy them, just wish the description and images were more accurate.
Looks nice but mediocre quality. Broke pretty soon after buying.
smaller than what I expected, there is no way that a grown man's work boots will fit into the boot slot..
Switched from Polyester to these cotton sheets during the summer heat. So far so good. 3 months of washing and a hole appeared in the top sheet. Fitted sheet still good.
It's durable and leak proof. It doesn't keep things hot or cold for an extended period of time. A bit disappointed.
Smaller than I thought
The iron does it's job. I don't like the controls. Hard to see the settings. I wouldn't buy it again because of that. Cord return works well so far.
A little flimsy, but they're aesthetically pleasing enough.
Its light weight and good only for dusting, the suction on carpet suck, its only good on floors.
It's thinner than I expected but it does a good job for cleaning up the litter box. I'll order something thicker next time for use with smaller garbage bins.
It is nice but you can get the same amount and quality at the dollar store for a $1. I should was hoping it would have been a little better but it's the same. Well the only difference is they use a plastic thing use wrap it around and DT uses paper.
Good for the price, but they're better suited for washcloths instead of towels. They don't absorb the best and they are on the smaller side.
It was just too big, you can't turn over, and it's too hard to make the bed with it in it.
WAY too hard, a waste of money. This would be much better if you could unzip the main case and remove foam to customize your firmness preference.
Somewhat thin. Nice design/fabric. Would not purchase this again.
I ordered this for a friend 3 days before her bday (my bad) and it arrived the day of her birthday but it was the wrong color and it was dirty. I ordered mint green and they sent me white. I have never had this issue with any Amazon product or any other online retailers. The product itself also came with hairs, fuzz, and other dirt/dust debris stuck on the inside. The product itself feels really sturdy but I won't compromise on the color so I will have to reorder. Hopefully this was just a fluke.
This frame was bought to replace a similar frame bought at the world's largest box store about 8 years ago. The older frame, which has fared well overall, is better quality than this frame. The glass of this frame is thin clear plastic, not glass. The outer frame plastic is so thin that the injection molding marks clearly show through on the display side. In addition, it is recommended to use a small screw driver to loosen all clips on the back that hold the cardboard backing; the first one I attempted to move broke under the the pressure of the screw. These clips should be strong enough to withstand the pressure of one finger moving it aside. Other than the cheap quality, the overall look is nice and functional when complete.
I was really looking forward to a neck pillow that I could adjust the thickness to fit my size. That works with this inflatable one, but the sides are just too short for the best comfort and support. Very disappointing.
This helps my back somewhat although I wish it was a bit larger. It is quite stiff also..
Ok product at first but then water went into one of the candles...its suppose to be waterproof. A bit dissatisfied
The sketchbook was a lot thicker than I expected, making it a bit hard to manage... but the part I like least is the paper quality. It's like old construction paper and it's really difficult to turn the pages without tearing them or ripping them out of the notebook. Would be good for low-quality quick drawing exercises, but not so great for a functioning sketchbook, which is what I bought it for.
Wow. The size of these were not what I was expecting. I bought these to make a border for my planning board and they are way smaller than what the supposed size listed.
Women's razors are curved to angle on the leg. To get these to fit, there must be a narrow place on the razor and they must be hung backwards, not with the razor toward the wall. The stand needs to come out further from the wall to get the razor to hang correctly. If there was a 45° bend in the backing part, there would be enough play to get the razor in - but only if it has a narrow neck at some point. With fat razors, the best you can do is wedge them sideways. I've attached photos of the bracket alone, with an old razor handle (no head), a cheap disposable, and my current thick handled razor. The same 45° bend would be helpful in holding a phone. There is too steep of an angle (almost none) and the phone won't stay on the bracket. I bought 4, so may experiment with one of them.
It just didn't match the color I thought it was.
This magnetic wall key holder has sleek looking but little disappointing with the weak magnet.
They look just as described, but I've been using them for weeks now and I haven't noticed a difference.
product is shipped coiled in a small box. now the blinds are curled. tried cooking them the other way to reverse the curl, but can't get them straight. product would be fine otherwise.
Wiring inside blanket large and slightly stiff. Wiring from blanket to control stiff and hard to manage. Blanket warms well.
These rosaries are very well made and you can see that they are made by hand. The only thing I don't care for is that they are quite a but larger than I expected them to be. That being said, they are beautiful and I'm sure I will find a good home for them. Plan to have our priest bless them and pass them on.
these are ok. Not great for writing and you have to wait a long time till they dry.
This vacuum has very weak suction so it is basically only useful for very light dust/debris pickup. For the performance, you might as well pay another $30 for a Shark or something else that will have much better performance on suction.
When it works, it works well. Sometimes I need to unplug it and plug it back in for it to turn on. Not really sure why.
This mask is gorgeous but too heavy and awkward to wear. So... here's how to make it wearable: 1) remove the ribbons and attach clear elastic BELOW the loops the ribbons were attached to. The loops are too high and the elastic needs to be more centered horizontally to your face. 2) buy cheap reading glasses from the dollar store and cut the nose piece off with wire cutters. Epoxy this to the back of the mask so the mask can sit on your nose like glasses. 3) add nose pads above the eye holes where the mask rests against your eyebrows to make it more comfortable. Use epoxy to secure these in place. Ta da!! A beautiful, wearable mask!
Bought as a gift. Looks better on website....
Wish there was a way to turn off the alarm for just the day until the next day without switching the switch to turn off the alarm permanently. Also, the clock goes 1 minute early and then further more over time then just breaks.
The suction cups don't hold well. Other then that I've been surprisingly pleased with my purchase.
They are pretty but they seem to get weak very fast even when a battery is only a few days old. Maybe defective? Not sure but they do look nice when they are on and bright for those couple days!
Good value for the money, but the parts are cheap and brittle. The screws stripped VERY easily and were less quality than the stock Syma screws.
They are not the most realistic looking close up, but are OK for the price.
Haven't used them yet, but friends have them and love them. However, bought them for my son as a gift and the pouch package is ripped and shows lots of signs of rusting... Or dirt... something that makes me leary to present it as a gift.
Glue is visible but not when on the tree
This fan does just the job I need it to do, so I'm pleased. I do wish I had shopped more first, though. I could have gotten a fan that was taller, using less floor space for the base, and half as expensive.
Smaller than I thought
We bought this a month ago for our baby as he get sweety as he sleeps and when we hold him. He loved it. The battery life is great and so we didn't even need to have I plugged it most of the time. And the fan speeds were perfect. However this week we had an issue. After repositioning it a few times a day other the last month it pulled out of the base. It seems the glue they used was to brittle and just did not hold up. It really unfortunate as this is a great device.
No sparkle in this at all. Packaging is plastic bag, of which one broke in shipping. Overpriced and am disappointed.
Totally cool, but it comes with a USB connector to give it power instead of a normal wall outlet plug. So, you have to go find an adapter at Radio Shack, or only have it plugged into your computer.
I didn't like that the cushions were white on the bottom
The blue is NOT as vibrant as the picture shows (and I am using a color-calibrated monitor). I'd probably pass on ordering this again.
The quality and feel of this comforter are excellent but it is too hot for me, and I get cold easily. I have tried to use it several times this winter when I thought my room was cold enough, but I always end up sweating and kicking my feet outside of it. If you live in a far north latitude, it might be worth a try. Disappointed that I can't use it -- it really is a nice comforter!
they don't last that long. Mine broke after two weeks need a refund, not worth it.
We used this as a backsplash in our kitchen, looks nice, but after a day it started to peel off the wall. Very upsetting. I have tried to put a little glue, and it's still not working and more is beginning to peel. Not sure how much longer I'm gonna be able to keep this product
It's cute, but certainly not for “Kids”!! Piece description says the character pieces are all 1 inch to 1.8 inches. This is not so! The largest characters are 1 inch & slightly smaller. The sheep are 0.50 inches & the Baby Jesus, which looks larger in the photo is a scant 0.25 of an inch. The packaging was terrible, but nothing was broken, it's for myself so I'll keep it. But just want other customers to know that This Is Not a Toy!! If you want a Nativity set for your kids to play with, I'd suggest the Fisher Price set!
I got this for my 5 year old to get him up to go to kindergarten (my husband is unreliable at getting up in the morning on his own). I thought that you would be able to turn off the alarm by tapping it, I was wrong and should have read more of the details, my bad. You have to press one of the 4 small buttons on the bottom. Luckily my kid can handle this and it isn't overly complicated. He likes that it likes lights up and changes colors so that is entertaining. I will update if it proves unreliable.
Nice case. However I feel that it needs to be a tad bit deeper. I filled the zipper compartment and had one layer of non bulky pens/pencils which did not take up all the room when they were secured side by side. The case wasn't packed fully but the middle piece/plate bends and I have to shake the case to make it close (to make contents in zipper compartment settle around pencils). I have to squeeze sides together to zip case.
The elastic bands need reinforced right away, otherwise they are worthless. The pockets are truly deep up to 18” so that's a plus. Nice fitted sheet for the price, minus the elastic stay bands.
Looks nice, works ok. Outside sensor is off by 5 degrees and humidity of by 4 degrees. I received a used product. Was already opened and missing pieces.
Love the pattern! This was the only pattern that incorporated both teal and peach that I liked. That's a win. However, I expected this to be absorbent, which it is not in the least. This is best used to line a basket of rolls or cover them to keep flies off. This is not for drying hands or dishes.
I planned on using this as a hand towel holder, but the arms don't stick out far enough.
The cool side doesn't stay cool that long and doesn't even work in the winter time
Very small. Half the size of a normal pillow.
I like these sheets. They are great quality for the price. They are pretty soft and got the pattern I expected though I don't care much about that. I did not, however, get any pillowcases. I ordered the queen set and should have gotten 2 but there were none in the package with the sheets. I took the entire package, without opening it, to my washer and proceeded to unfold the sheets directly from the package into the washing machine. I shook both top and bottom sheet out to be sure. There were no pillowcases. I will still use the sheets without the pillowcases but I've never gotten a set of sheets without the pillowcases before and do miss them. I would rate the set 5 stars if it had been complete.
Though the quality appears to be good, and many positive reviews, these are bulky (in that they stick out too far from the wall) for where I want to use in RV. However, that allows it to accommodate jumbo rolls which I don't buy. When trying to line up where I was attaching to wall, it does not attach flush to wall because of how the screw plates are placed on the back. I ended up not installing because might return.
The straight wire broke right away, very disappointing. I had to resort to a serrated knife. The Sculpting wire did ok. Was expecting better quality.
I returned this purchase. The storage bag was so large I was unable to move it if I would have filled the bag. It will be great for someone who has a very large tree. I have a 7 ft and 2 porch trees and a 3 ft fiber optic tree they would have all fit in the bag with room to spare.
I purchased these to decorate some fake pastries for a project. Shape is realistic, color is very dark. Much darker than photo. The amount is perfect for my needs, but if you are trying to fill a bowl like in the stock photo you will need more. They have a strange smell to them, maybe this will go away if they air out. They are rubbery so I am hoping the glue will hold them. If not they do have a small hole all the way through and i can pin them to my project.
LOOKS NICE AND FEELS NICE WHEN IT ARRIVED BUT AFTER FEW MONTHS OF SLEEP ON IT, IT HAS NOT CHANGED MY SLEEP FOR THE BETTER.
These are NOT FULL SIZE. They are small.
They look very beautiful but after about 10 days 3 of them stopped working, they are all exposed to the same amount of sunlight. It's very disappointing.
Goes flat for quickly, but I do use it every day.
The curtains still don't block out all the light even with blinds installed. The material is thick, but doesn't block out a whole lot of sound like some people were mentioning
Does not keep out all the light could be a little darker, but all in all they are functional.
Not as fluffy as it looks in the picture
I was so surprised when several of these cracked and split after using them just a few times.
This. mop is too heavy for me,while it does cover a much wider average area than the average mop, and is made out of quality materials. which accounts for the weight.If weight is not a problem for you, this might be the right mop for you. Also, the company has informed me that there is a smaller, lighter weight version that might be better for me, and is sending me one of those to try at no charge.I'd planned to return the larger one to Amazon as it is too heavy for me to push, but the seller is also being kind enough to refund it without my going to the trouble of mailing it back to Amazon.so I have to give the seller 5 stars. Lastly, the seller informed me that there is a video which demonstrates the special swiveling motion that one is supposed to use, which is supposed to make the larger mop easier to use. If I get the video and am able to push the larger mop,I shall upgrade the review, and upgrade the mop rating.
I use in office space under desk, and it keeps the entire office warm.
The product's tape doesn't stick to walls for long. The minute you fill it with toothbrushes, it falls down.
I bought these for teaching a quilling class. More than half of them had to have the paper-holder part widened with a craft knife in order to fit the paper in the slot. Glad I checked them before I had a group of 12 yr olds getting frustrated with them! They're fine, and the price was certainly right.
I purchased this broom in 2014, and I use it all the time. Though not for big jobs, I love the small head that gets everywhere, and the angled bristles work beautifully around chair legs and in corners. I just bought a second one so I could have one broom dedicated to outdoor use and one for indoors. Unfortunately, the new broom is NOT the same quality, even though it looks the same. The bristles might as well have been made of wire. They are very stiff and rough, and tips are much less soft than the broom I bought 4 years ago. I might have kept the new broom for outdoor use, but the white base around the bristles was cracked, and the bristles were poking out and loose, rendering the item unusable. Back it goes.
They are just OK not Bad and NOT Great. There are better ones out there in the Same price range!! LOOK AROUND!!
Although it is the exact brush that I have on my canister vacuume, the hole to connect it is in the wrong spot. I had to drill a new hole so it would work properly. I have the green canister kenmore.
Great cheap rugs to throw down. Falling apart already but for the price I can't really complain.
I really like the quality of these, but they're not comfortable in my hand. They are large and around. I had read that they are easy to fold in half to put inside glassware but that didn't work for me.
It vacuums great, but the battery dies quick.
The capes are very nice. The one thing that i didnt like was the velcro wasnt long enough when putting on a client. To solve this i just added some velcro to make it work. For the cost of the capes its a good deal. Thank you
The mask itself does the job - it's Vegas - but could you at least give me a little bag to keep it in?? For $29.00 I should get a little carry pouch for it. The box is way too small for this thing too and there's no way I would keep it in there. Without a pouch, it will get dirty and is not good to just put into your carry on. Thank you.
The umbrella itself is lovely. I love the color changing. However, when the umbrella is closed it doesn't lock into place so carrying the umbrella around is difficult as it keeps extending while I'm walking.
More like towels than bath mats
Bought this set to take to water parks during the summer thinking it will be much better and lighter than our normal bath towels we take. Lighter, yes. Much better, no. My husband does not like how it doesn't absorb all that well. Pretty though.
Nice product but unfortunately, if your mugs aren't exactly like the style shown or smaller, they don't fit very well. My Tervis mugs don't fit and that's really what i bought it for.
Smell isn't as strong or lasts as lobg as I expected. Smell is amazing but just wish it was stronger.
Not really worth $25 plastic is bendable and flimsy inserts or cardboard easily breakable will definitely have to watch where I put it in the storage because it can easily be crushed
Can't make out the picture on the curtains!
I normally enjoy the feel of wood handled squeegees, however, this was slightly uncomfortable given the wood was not sealed or coated with something to smooth out the wood texture. The actual squeegee is held in with what looks like very small staples and after many washes, drys, and uses, the squeegee has loosened from the handle. Honestly not terrible, but I would have appreciated a more comfortable handle and a more durable product overall.
Had a bit of an issue with this order, but in the end Amazon was great. They helped me resolve this in a timely and efficient manner.
I thought this tapestry was grey and blue but it turns out the outer part is a navy blue, won't be keeping it because of that but it is pretty. However, it is a weird plastic material and is different from all others i've ever seen.
I would have rated this product a 5 overall, but I'm so overwhelmed the scent. I love vanilla fragrance, but this was to overwhelming. I cannot use it in small rooms, bathrooms, or powder rooms. To reduce the aroma, I have to keep the candle wrapped in the plastic covering and that detracts from the appearance. I'm leaving them in an open-air porch hoping the scent will dissipate.
This was as pictured and I needed something larger than a lot of these totes you can find in stores.
I didn't notice any benefit to using a silk pillow case. I was excited to try it but didn't think my hair looked any better nor my skin. I washed it in gentle with mild detergent in my machine. I don't hand wash anything especially a pillow case. It came out clean but totally wrinkled. I'm not really wanting to iron it. Seems like the silk pillowcases are more of a trend/hype. I really didn't care for the feel of it when I slept. I slept much better going back to my regular pillowcase! I'm just glad I didn't buy the expensive brand and make a huge investment.
Sturdy and priced well but you can only hang coffee cups or every other hook
This didt work as a face pillow on my massage table bc it has little space for breathing. I did find use for it as a pillow on my table that sits up & it stays put.
Was hoping they would be larger. And don't last an hour
Purchase was good and timely. I returned the vacuum because it could not be scheduled while I was away.
I use them for block printing. They do have a printable surface so good for my use.
Personally I love this shoe rack. However, in the description it says "easy assembly" and "snap together" well that's a lie lol. It came with screws that you had to use to assemble this thing. We needed a screwdriver/drill to assemble and in the description it says "no tools needed". Like I said I love it but ya need tools to assemble this thing.
Bought this item as a storage to keep my merchandise in for my business. But all of my items didnt fit. I contacted the seller to return it and they were really nice but i ended up keeping it and giving it to my mom. it good, dont out heavy items or overfill its plastic and will not hold up.
Bought this tray to house my stud earrings because I love anything dachshund. It's quite shallow and earrings sometimes fell off. I wish they would have a curl tail on the dachshund so rings can be placed on it as well. It is cute but may not be as functional.
Went flat after a few weeks of use.
Maybe it's user error, but I really struggled to get this to dry without bubbles. And it got really sticky when I applied pressure and/or it gets a little damp. I followed the instructions: applied in thin layers, waited for it to dry between coats, but just couldn't make it happen. Oh well. The project I was using it for didn't work out because of this product but that's ok, I'll try again with another, or by amending my application technique for this one.
Looked way better on the videos on Facebook and in the pictures. Looks super cheap in person. The box looks great. Just the rose was a let down.
Have had over a year. Wears well, but colors fade quickly though.
Great for gift bags. Terrible if you need to wrap something. I'm a Posh seller and this size was terrible! The paper is also flimsy.
The photo I saw had red, pink, blue and orange. Mine is mustard, forest green, rust and brick. It still looks good tho and for the price it will do. Even my photo doesn't look as earthy as the reality.
All great, but missing a piece! Please contact me so I can get a new one. Thanks!
You get what you pay for. They aren't made in the the best way, a little rough looking but from a distance they look okay and get the job done.
These are cute, just a little plastic-y.
I should have read this better I thought they were pillows not pillow cases
The design on the nightlight we received didn't seem to be a well-done as the one in the picture online. It looks like it needed a little more time in the kiln, as the colored glass bits and the aspen trunks hard hard edges and seem barely fused on. Nice when you don't look at it too closely though :) Pretty idea and looks very nice when left on at night.
I was a bit disappointed it was smaller than expected
I got this because it's huge and you can put essential oils in it for diffusing. I don't use my expensive oils in it, but it does fragrance the room using my cheaper (yet still decent) oils. It is easy to use and the design is simple. There are a few issues with it, though, and I'm not sure I'll keep it. I got it less than three weeks ago and have used it daily. My issue with this is that the screw-on cap that closes the water tank, has a piece in the middle with a spring that has already fallen apart. I have managed to put it back together so that it's usable, but then today, the rubber gasket decided to come off and now when I turn the tank over to put it on the base, water just pours out. If I'm careful, it doesn't make a mess, but I'm just not sure this diffuser/humidifier is worth keeping. The mist output is great and adjustable. It does help to humidify the room. It's just that one piece, which is a very important piece, that won't stay together.
Love these candles, and they are a little pricey. Only problem is I ordered a few and when I got them two of them were busted and the glass was broken. Losing faith in our postal service
Not the color I wanted/expected. Barely yellow, and no white twist.
Pretty but haven't used them because I need new mattress and box springs
These were flat, not round. Pretty uncomfortable in the earlobe.
For a paper straw they are quite sturdy almost hard really. They of course soften as you use them but I found them too hard and too small in diameter for my taste. Also there is no coating so you taste the paper everytime you sip. They also stick to your lips. I think they are a very sturdy, durable paper straw. Just not the kind I will buy again.
I couldn't tell where the pleats were to lay it across the foundation. It's like one huge square.
It's easy to use but takes a long time the charge and the charge doesn't last very lone.
It is flimsy and doesn't stick well, especially with skinny letters.
This does NOT work well in small environments like habitats for hermit crabs. It worked well for a couple months but, once the moisture got into it, it's not been the same. I thought it was just the batteries but, even after changing them, it still doesn't work anymore. I see now why they offer the non battery powered gauges. Would not buy again for a small tank set up.
Overall great. But I'm disappointed on the fact that it was falsely advertised. Says it will hold 21 photos when in fact it ONLY has 18 photo slots! The whole reason I bought it was for the 21 photo slots. Feel a bit cheated.
This 10 in version was actually too big for the 10 in. plates I have. It was too wide. It was fine for the 12 inch plates, but I think I would prefer an 6 or 8 inch one for the 10 inch plate. Otherwise as expected.
Cute. But it was delivered bent.
I would have given them 5 stars but 1 was broken straight out of the package.
Not very sturdy bc the 4th screw provided is different than the other screw and the thread is chipped!
Eh, not too impressed. Still finding the funk reappears too quickly when the garment is worn again. Even soaked as directed. Maybe this is a wash method that needs to be employed from day one?
This rack does the job, but, the angle is not great. Hard to put more than kitchen towel on the rack.
Not a good quality . . . cheaply made.
Pretty colors but not great shine. I'm confused. They have great small beads.
This is still up in the air for me. Have had mixed results but am going to retry in the fall.
It was a well received Gift.
I thought they would have more pink on them and the pink was not as vibrant as I hoped. They still look cute
It's ok. Wish it had directions on best way to use and store tho. Handle sometimes telescopes when you aren't expecting it.
I gave this product 3 stars because it wasn't exactly what I was looking for but didn't want to go through the trouble of sending it back. As you can see in the photo my Too Faced liquid lipsticks do not fit unless I push them in a certain way. One single movement knocks them all down. I guess it's perfect if you have traditional shaped lipsticks. Too Faced is my favorite brand and they don't fit.
Our kids thought this was a little difficult to use.
Fairly made, light and small.
Product worked great, but my set came dented :(
The case is nice and will hold the press. But will not hold the saftey base with it. As Advertised
My son wanted stickers to add to his scooter and other items. There were quite A few that were not age appropriate. He did enjoy many and we're okayed by Mom. We did talk about what some items meant and Why we wouldn't want these on our property.
These were much smaller than I expected.
I expected this to be more aromatic. I own other scent diffusers and get a whiff of their scent very prominently. This one just doesn't cut it. It smells nice when you're very close to it though.
The sheets seem of fine quality, with the exception that after one wash the stitching in the pillow cases came partially undone in all the pillow cases (I order two twin sets and one queen set). So I will continue to use the sheets and the pillow cases are useless to me now. Bummer
Extremely stringy with poor vague instructions
Not luxury. But there cheap. I'd say buy.
I ordered two sets of the 16 oz recycled wine glasses as a Christmas gift. The description on Amazon states each order will contain. 3 different colors. In each box I received 3 amber and one green. I showed the recipient of the gift the picture listed on Amazon's website as to what I expected to receive, because I was embarrassed they basically were all the same color. Needles to say, she was disappointed as was I. I will be returning these.
Zippers can tear easily.
decent product but a bit thick and gets too easily frayed on the edges.
Does not stay hot. And not deep enough to dip a flower stem in and get enough glue to stick it on an arrangement
It looks great in pictures, but when it came it looked sloppy- super glue strands covered the lighthouse and there were blobs of it on the handrail along the top. It's not worth the money for a product that looks like it was made hastily and with zero attention to detail
It works. I have it at the lowest height so that it is stable. I wouldn't trust it at a higher height.
Very cheap and flimsy. You have to keep separated or they stick together.
Haven't had them long enough to really give an accurate review
Exactly as pictured. I bought it to match the toilet paper holder but it arrived broken. Someone must've pushed down on it while packaging it really hard or they pulled it off their stock shelf broken. There's no way it broke in transit. It's broken right where the screw holes are where the starfish meets the holder. That's the only reason for the 3 star rating. Other than it being broken, I'm totally satisfied with it. Matches the tp holder perfectly!
The Suction is not that strong
Ok. One of the pillow cases didn't match. It was a darker, softer (preferable!) jersey material than the other pieces. My son didn't care so I didn't make a fuss.
Thought it was cute, gave me the giggles. But....no bottom so tissue box shows at bottom and through handles on sides. So thought if I cut the box lengthwise in half I would eliminate the box showing but now I have a torn box showing through the sides. Comes with a decent size hook to mount on wall. The hook would show it hanging on top and it would put a sizable hole in the wall. Not sure what I'm going to do with this. Maybe the bathroom.
Not full drilled. Very good size.
The handle is long, but not too stiff, when I need to try cleaning the sides of the bottle the handle is too flexible to do a good job. I thought it was a good deal at the time but then I round two bottle brushes at Fred Meyer in two different lengths that are made with a wire handle for less than what I paid here - they get the job done much better.
ink doesn't really stick to them
I use this pad for weeding vinyl and its great, except the plug continually falls out. The ability to dim or brighten the light is a great feature. Just wish the plug stayed in!
too flimsy not please
I didn't notice until after I had them hemmed, but one panel was a different shade of grey than the other. It's not that big of a deal to me, and you would have to look closely to notice. However, it's important that you know it's a possibility when you order these curtains.
Good trash can but when we received it it was not completely clean! Like someone put it on the ground
Would have given this a better review but it wrinkles badly.
For anyone ordering these to match some colors you may already have...beware these color numbers do not match some I already have in that number. There was 3 different colors in the package all labeled with the same color number. I will use them on small projects where I won't have to have more than 1 spool because I may not be able to match them up.
I love the product however I only received 28 coat hangers. I am missing one coat hanger from each package total of 2 hangers
This product was delivered in a timely manner. It worked great at first but after a few weeks it quit sticking.
So far so good. I love the style. However, after getting the entire desk together I realized the corner of the desk was damaged :( Slightly concerned about this and it tearing up quicker now. Besides that everything else looks great!
I purchased these only to lay out in our yard with stakes to kill weeds and then will recycle them through my city when finished so I'm not going to speak on durability. However, I will say that I'm very disappointed in the packaging. To pay $20 and receive folded bags inside of a cardboard box with packing tape, is outlandish. The bags should, at the very least, come in a box that makes it easy to pull one bag out at a time and keep the rest organized. Now I have to have a stack of just fold plastic bags laying around.
Not the quality I thought they'd be
Excellent quality, but a bit too high for me. I wish there could be a pillow for people without really broad shoulders.
Nice yarn but doesn't did much
I chose these bookmarks to support better reading comprehension in all books that this teenage child will read. I do not at all appreciate the words of Scripture because it would not be helpful for this child. It may confuse him and has nothing at all to help his reading comprehension learning.
They are well made and fine for the price. However they are NOT a quality sateen finish. If you like a thinner, crisp sheet - these are for you.
Not as sturdy as I was hoping it would be, but it serves it's purpose.
My daughter still loved these, but I was disappointed in the size. You can possible put one pair of earrings in each, if they are small stud earrings.
This fan does what I need it to, but quiet when in use is not a description I would use. Its not enough noise to be a nuisance but people in the office have asked what that noise was....
This was bought to put over tub to hold bath items. It was a little smaller than expected and due to the bar spacing placing shampoo or small items is difficult. The towel bar will only hold small cloths or hand towels. It is not designed for large towels or items.
Partial Drill. ROUND drills. Boat and House only.
installed in camper, the adhesive did not stick very long. used some good double back tape working fine.
Love it!! Very cute but small!
The tray is the perfect size for a centerpiece. The wood goes well with the rustic style I was trying to go for. However I was kind of underwhelmed with it when I opened it. It does feel cheap and lightweight and the bottom “metal” part is off centered from the bottom of the tray.
I'm not noticing any difference, but since I don't smoke it may be working and I don't notice it. I particularly wanted it because I sometimes have a vinegary smell in my car when I turn on the fan, but not the AC; still a little vinegar smell. The light that is supposed to glow stopped after about 30 seconds and I haven't seen it since then. I'll continue to use it and come back if I see a more positive difference from this review. UPDATE: PRODUCT STILL ISN'T LIGHTING UP, SO I DON'T KNOW IF IT'S WORKING OR NOT. WASTE OF $20 IF IT'S NOT WORKING!
I gave it three stars because my mom loves this ring. But unfortunately the ring turned colors within just a week of wear.
After a month there is some piling. But they are soft.
These were delivered shattered. I requested a replacement and they were promptly delivered and are beautiful. They problem is that Amazon did not send me the proper code for a Kohl's in-store return as I had requested. The associate at Kohls told me it happens all the time. I tried everything to get in touch with Amazon, but it seems impossible. Everything I click on leads me in a loop back to where I started. I ended up getting charged for the returned items and paying for the same item twice. I have no idea what to do except include what happened in the review and hope someone sees it. But, seriously, the glasses are great! I almost wish I had both sets I paid for.
When I received this in the mail the 28 container tray was broken along with 2 of the containers had a hole in the bottom where they were broken
You get what you pay for I guess. All the drills are terrible quality. They're all different sizes and shapes. I have found round ones in my bag of square drills. In every bag there have been several of another color that have ended up in it. Not too big of a deal, just gotta find where it goes I guess. The drills don't pop, but that's cause there's gaps between them from some being too small. The canvas is very stiff so after it was folded it was kinda hard to unfold and lay flat. Even after laying down a lot of drills it still doesn't lay flat properly. The adhesive is good. Actually it's kinda great. Holds everything securely, to my surprise. The tools that came with it are also fairly good. The usual generic pink pen, I don't use them though. Also comes with bent tweezers which are cheaply made but do the job well. Also comes with wax. And the tray is nice. You get what you pay for. I bought this one to occupy me until my other ones come in. Paid for 2 day shipping on a Friday and I DID receive on that Sunday! Not too too bad for 12.99 but don't expect something immaculate.
I like the wide width and the non-slip surface. The problem is it doesn't last long. It peels after two days. My old non slip stickers was 18 years old. It still stick very well. I have to use scraper to remove them.
I like the idea for this product, but there is no ridge to keep the lid in place, that's sad. I hope that you create a fitted lid mold for the future
Nice colors and craftsmanship
Just received my chair cover, it great but it looks grey vs the walnut brown I ordered, but it's listed walnut. Can I get it replaced?
The face obviously didn't have enough pixels? Not enough detail.
Came chipped but functions perfectly.
These were a bit disappointing on their own. The main garland was a black plastic vine. I'm glad I was pairing this with ivy so the black part wasn't obvious. They're also tea rose size.
These are literally just cheap, tiny, plastic jars that you could most likely get at the dollar store. They are so small, you could maybe fit like a handful of cotton balls in one of them. I just wanted a simple jar for q-tips and it does its job but I have to re-fill it like once a week and it's hard to even try and get the q-tips out with your hand because it is so small and narrow. I feel like if I were to knock it over on the tile it would crack, the quality is not great. I ended up just throwing the tops away because they just looked super cheap. Don't waste your money, if you want these jars go to the Dollar Tree.
I liked this product because it came in a size that would cover large kitchen drawers. I liked the smooth surface as well. I ordered another roll but it arrived with black stains at the end of the roll which could not be removed after cleaning. I therefore requested a replacement as it was going to be used in a pantry drawer. The second roll came with black staining as well. It was to a lesser degree and some of the stain could be removed with cleaning. I decided to keep that roll because of the hassle factor to ask for another replacement. These rolls appear to be stored poorly as the stain did not appear to be related to the shipping box. Also the roll was not enclosed in any plastic wrap which would have been preferred given it was to be used with food products. Next time I would buy it from a local seller.
Definitely wouldn't recommend this size and weight for a first time user. According to the chart this was the recommended size / weight. It was horrible, slept terribly and woke up legs hurting and overall body was very sore.
Very pretty color. And sadly very hot. Feel cheap.
Was delivered to the wrong address.
Part F screw holes are way off! We decided to not screw this panel rather than disassemble and return it as the unit will be used for lightweight items. The other sections should hold it up. Nevertheless, it was a frustrating experience!
So I don't understand why these don't work as well as the original filter. The airflow is so great but it works so well that it gets dirty too fast and then the vacuum loses suction in like 2 minutes of using the vacuum. I have to clean it so often it takes forever to get the house vacuumed. Maybe I'll give it more stars if I can figure out how to stop this from happening.
I guess this is nice if you are a Walking Dead fan. I bought this for my son for Christmas and i'm sure he will like it but it is NOT fleece and it is very thin so price is way too high in my opinion.
3 of the pages were shredded upon arrival. Returned and will see how the new one shows up.
We returned this. Seemed like decent quality but the gray was almost blue/purple colored. I also didn't prefer the larger square pattern as compared with other covers including the one we ended up keeping from another brand on amazon.
Wheels screeches after few usage
sometimes it works great helping find the bad connection. other times it doesn't.
These are ok, The petals are not the same color on both sides, as pictured. One side is the pretty red and the other is a much deeper red. If you are looking for something pretty this is the way to go, but if you are looking for something that looks real, you may be a little dissapointed. The leaves are pretty nice but the stems and very plastic looking.
Chemicals stink... literally. But they do a better job for a fraction of the price when compared to this thing. I bought this to clean the grout on a house I'm selling. I cleaned an entire bathroom using acid wash but hated the smell and dangers of the fumes so I decided to invest in something that should have done the same. When I got this item in, I cleaned another bathroom and laundry room with it before the brass brushes wore down to the rim. I went through three brushes before I was done with the entire house (bedrooms were carpet). And when everything finally dried, there was blotches if dirt stains scattered around the grout still. The bathroom that was done using acid wash on the hand, was immaculate. But, I'm sure this will come in handy for other projects. It is easy to use and so far has held up mechanically.
it looks fine but they aren't as thick as i thought they were going to be. haven't noticed any difference with fruit/veggie freshness. i don't feel like they serve a real purpose.
some of the tips have a little "hook" on them that I've had to file off to stop them from picking the material. For the price of these pins, I expected them to be very sharp.
The sheets are really soft and a good price. Unfortunately, they are way too warm for hot weather as they are really not breathable at all. I definitely prefer 100% cotton sheets.
It's ok. The clip doesn't open as wide as advertised. I even measured the area I was going to clip it to to make sure it'd fit before I bought it and it should have fit, but didn't. It doesn't hold a charge for long, maybe 2 hours top, even after charging until the red indicator light turns off meaning the battery is fully charged. It doesn't oscillate, so spend a little more on a different brand if you'd like that option. I can't use it for what I bought it for, but I'll find another use for it come summer.
Didn't realized it had damage around edges until it was put up. Took too long to put pictures in, so not worth the time to take them all out and send back....
These arrived quickly. They were extremely wrinkled, and being made of a heavy almost plastic material I was afraid to melt it by ironing on hot. I only got maybe 3/4 of the wrinkled ironed out...But they ARE very heavy, block out the light completely, and I don't have a problem with noise but would guess as they are so thick that they would minimize noise. And one curtain came with a pinhole. If light didn't shine through the hole, I would never have noticed! Notified the seller first of the wrinkles and hole thinking they would respond but all they did was ask for a review. So here it is! Don't want the hassle of returning so I will make due until I can't take it anymore..
It is attractive but flimsy. I wish the interior fabric bag was removable and was two separate bags so I could take the separated cloths easily to the washing machine.
Would be better if not so noisey.
Super cute but looked a little unfinished. Screws are loose ,I'll be repainting it for a finished look.
I fell in love with this blanket the minute I opened the package. It's overall soft & comfy, and the Sherpa lining is out of this world cozy. The beads don't lump up thanks to the squared stitching across the blanket, which is great. My biggest (and only) complaint is that it's constantly leaking glass beads. When I use my blanket at night I wake up feeling like I've slept on sand, and there are several layers of bedding between me and this blanket. I'm constantly shaking the beads out of my bedding & I'm wondering how long it will be before this 15lb blanket weighs less than 10.
This is a nice color, all natural. It is so light weight and thin that it tips or is squashed by even a blanket. Too thin to be durable unless for decoration only.
My candle just arrived on time and is as expected other than the crack in the glass all the way down the side. Unfortunately it's not available for return.
Very unhappy with the color. Nothing like the picture
They are very cute oven mitts, but very thin. I got them as a Christmas gift but only use them when my kids are here as I prefer something a little heavier.
The iron size is small and doesn't heat enough to work on linens properly. Cotton shirts are fine but when it comes to cotton pants it is not the best. If looking for a good travel size iron, this should do well.
Bought because we got a cat and the cat hair is all over our couch, this cover doesnt help at all with the cat hair. Giving it a 3 star because it fits well and the quality is nice. I dont recommend it for anybody with pets.
Very cute! Little smaller than I thought but will be great for the rustic country theme in my entry way! :)
Really comfortable pillow, could have been a bit longer should have order the larger one! It also feels like it could use more stuffing but it does the job really good. Can't sleep without it! My only complaint is that I've had it a month and I took the pillowcase off to wash it and the inside is all ripped up. I have seen other reviews that have mentioned this and decided to buy anyways, unfortunately the return window for me closed three days ago! Three stars due to the ripped pillow
Item arrived on time and exactly as described.
The best part is that they are slightly adjustable so you can fit boots or taller shoes in them. They do seem to come apart rather easily but not too difficult to put back together. They are doing the trick so far, but I'm honestly not sure how steady these will be. Time will tell!
I found it short for some rolls of towels.
I really really want to like this and I go back and forth with it. The problem is the pad flips mid floor sweep. Drives me nuts. I have learned to manage it since my purchase but it is irritating that it flips sides that easily. If you like like the random swap then this might be perfect for you.
Color was not what I wanted
I shopped a long time before buying this topper. It is soft and comfortable and improves rest. But it keeps sliding off the bed. The straps are not long enough and it keeps sliding to the side I climb in on. If I could find a way to keep it in place this would be a 5 star.
Great way to keep your sponges and soap contained. Rather difficult to pop apart to clean inside, to the point that I just drop it in boiling water and let the soap dissolve out.
Nice sheets for the price, but material wasn't sufficiently substantial for what I had in mind. I returned them
The fluffy snow whitening color in softness was the bargain price , fit my monthly budget I dislike the standard size single pillow didn't come with a economy standard size pillow case.
Just realized there are some discoloration on this unit. Not that noticeable, but you can see it is there.
Love the frame. Seems to be good quality however the glass was broken when I received it. I'd say it was poorly packaged vs being poor quality.
Hung very strangely I had to hang with my own hangers bc the string didn't work. But cute
Second order because I miscalculated the first time...again 1 out of 3 rolls had noticeable scratches. It was too much of a hassle to ship back parts of 2 orders so I did the shoddy thing and put the scratched ones behind furniture. Hopefully I will not need to rearrange. Easy to use and would be perfect if not damaged. Wouldn't order again for that reason.
Well 4 of the handles were broken. I asked for a refund. I purchased other ones at Walmart since I needed them. Today they sent me replacement ones. I do not want or need them.
There okay the picture of them look better then they do in reality. They look larger in the photos.
Good quality, but I bought two & the design is crooked on both of them, one moreso than the other.
Not sure if I'm returning them yet. I ordered them cause the picture showed the spray tops with the clear plastic tube so you could see the spring. Those tend to be the better quality sprayers. Well that's not what I got. They came with the white plastic tube which in the past have not worked very well and would get stuck. So I haven't tried them yet but already I'm not very happy. I'll update once I've used one.
We use this in our shower stall. It works well enough, but is hard to keep mildew off, even though it's hung to dry daily.
The candle did smell good but you basically have to be right next to it to feel a difference. I bought this for the kitchen to light after cooking and it made no difference. Lasted a long time but the smell is not that strong. Might work better for small spaces.
Panels may differ in length.
Not as cool as they say. Tore after 4 months
First thing is that it does its job well. I just hate that I have to clean it out every other day. The little black rubber piece captures everything even thick soap so it gets annoying.
Several of the cups were made poorly, with the bottoms not attached all the way around. Also they arrived stacked so tightly that they would not come apart, with dangerously sharp edges. I finally put them in the freezer for several minutes and used a needle nosed pliers to pop them apart. They look nice in my sugar molds, but my husband is going to have to solder the bottoms on so I can use plants or candles in them.
I bought the queen size and it hardly covers just past corners of bed, basically sits on top of mattress. Are you sure you sent a queen, the package says queen, but it's small.
Super cute! Size fits where we needed it.
Somewhat noisy fan for an office setting, but otherwise works fine. Good heat output. When you switch between low and high power, the red light gets brighter for the high power, but later on it's hard to tell which setting it's on, so you have to switch back and forth to see if it's on low or high. Not a big deal, but the switch should show which setting it's on. I need the low setting because the power outlet in my office has all my electronics plugged in to the same outlet, and a higher wattage will pop the circuit breaker.
Item is small and not very scented. The scent was barely noticeable within a month
Pretty, but cheaply made beads.
The item was what I needed. However the shipping was a joke. It was over a week before the item shipped and almost another week for it to get to my house and it was only traveling one state over. I ordered it with the expectation of it being here in time for a weekend project [it was projected to be here before then].
The smoke creates an oily colored residue on whatever surface you have your burner on.
The thumb screw has to constantly be tightened during use. But it still works great
I got these for bullet journaling and they bleed through every page worse than anything else I have used. They are pretty in color and great for other things maybe but not if you are avoiding bleeding through pages
Would have preferred fancier bottle types
Haven't noticed a difference even using it in a small room
I really want to like this. Brought it with me on a trip last week. It slid all over the place, making it tough to actually rest. The storage is a joke. I ended up stuffing it into a travel cube. I'm not sure how people use this without being a contortionist. You have to weave your arms in to keep it in place. This isn't for me.
I should have read more carefully before buying a tool which the cover doesn't stay on the tool to protect against accidentally poking myself.
I purchased navy blue color. It's a true navy blue, BUT the finished edge is a royal blue and doesn't match. For the price, what can one expect? These window treatments are temporary for us, so it's not worth it to return.
Good enough for the money.
Said it comes with 4 pillow cases and I only received 2!
The material is good . How ever it came late and when I assemble the upper part was made wrong. I had to drill a new hole to make it fit.
It looks very cute but the sides don't cover up the entire basket. Hence, if you are looking for something to avoid fruit flies, this wouldn't be the ideal basket.
Is not as comfortable or thick as it looks on picture. Good for one semi cold season and I don't believe it will stand more then a few washes in the washing machine
I love the detail work on this blanket. I just wish I knew the pink color was going to be lighter than what was displayed in the picture. It is a very pink pink rather than a dull pink.
Great quality but poor value. Too expensive.
A lot smaller than I was thinking it would be? I'm just starting out making wire jewelry so I guess I didn't really know what to expect. It's thin like it's supposed to be. Haven't used it yet but I love all the different colors!
I ordered this product since it would fit the aesthetic of my bedroom, and I needed a place to hold the small amount of jewelry I had begun collecting. This item is pretty! The metal is a great color, and the design of the tree is lovely. However, the tree does not neatly screw into the base, so the tree is leaning in almost any angle you position this. Also, the item is too short to be useful in hanging necklaces, so it is really only useful for smaller pieces of jewelry.
Cute but thin. But puppy likes it cause it's soft just like her. Lol
I've had it close to a year now and its been great but now it seems like the power is cutting in and out even though the power light is still on. Also spits water everywhere occasionally but for the price point I'm not too upset.
It stoped working after a year of use. I did not reorder a new one.
Personally I found virtually all the material pieces ugly. They are good for practicing stitches or patterns that you probably won't use for anything. Maybe 5% I thought were cute. They are 6" X 6". I mean considering that fat quarters are generally 2-3 dollars then I suppose it's an OK deal if you want a bunch of ugly scraps to work with. I would not have bought if I had seen the fabric patterns & colors.
I like the fact that it fits without leaks. Very easy to use. I haven't had it long enough to tell how long it will last and I also have reverse osmosis water going to the fridge so I have double the filters.
I miss understood the add it was for assorted cones I wanted three of the same . How can I send it back to you
These would be much better if they put a sheet of heatproof plastic in them or something. They are just very pretty cloth. Its good for decoration but the wood will still get damaged from temperatures.
OVERWHELMING smell - I love strong incense but this was permeating through the bag and when I opened it I could barely stay in the room. I think the fizzy pop scent is the culprit... I can't even smelll the other scents because everything smells of that one sickly sweet scent. I love wildberry incense but this was pretty disappointing.
The filter didn't have the o-ring supplied by the GE filter and had to use old one
This is really nice material, soft and comfy. Perhaps my couch is too long, but this was a really tight fit. It didn't hold up very well. In a couple months there were holes all over the place, especially around the seams. And forget about throwing it in the washer on the delicate cycle. It basically fell apart.
It looks better in the picture
It wasn't as full as the picture seems
I ordered 6 pairs and found they are not even in length as much as 1 1/2 inches. Also had the rod pocket sewed so close to the edge the top gathering was uneven. They are nice but very sheer/thin.
When I received this it had no instructions and looked like it had been used before. There were broken pegs in the holes where the shelves were suppose to go. I should have sent it back but I'm to busy to deal with that so I used super glue and screws to hold everything together. It is a very good little book shelf and storage area but I would have liked instructions and a new book shelf and storage. If I'm going to buy something used it needs to be specified in either the info or the title of the product. That's false advertisement.
The battery in the unit lasts a couple hours which is good. Good price. So, if you're willing to FEED batteries to the remote (every 3 weeks or less) and you don't mind getting the unit unstuck from ... literally nothing every few minutes then you'll be happy with this cheap-o.
This cover looks great and neat on recliner until you sit on it. It then gets messy looking
Bed room for finding time at night. Visibility is lost towards morning. maybe not enough light during day to charge.
Didnt fit my Singer machine
These sheets are okay. Basic sheets. They are not nearly as soft as Target brand sheets. They have a loud wrinkle noise when shifting in bed. Additionally, they smelled strongly of dye when they arrived.
I wanted this vacume for my hardwood kitchen floor. It picks up the dust great but not so much on the tiniest of crumbs. It just pushes them around.
It's not that they're bad, but was hoping for some very soft sheets. Very average.
Wasn't as nice as I expected from the picture.
I really do not like the concept. Maybe I'll get used to them.
Fit and finish is ok. it covers your sectional sofa all around but when it comes to the little foam noodles the dont stay in place very well. and to mold it to the shape you want is not that easy will take you about an hour to get it perfect so be patient. Also its not as dark colored in person its a lighter chocolate color. so don't expect something dark like in the picture
Solar light works well. The suction cups don't do enough to hold the candles up. They constantly fall.
I wish the quality and size would have been bigger and better
My son got the green curtains for his room and they look great but they don't “black out” the sun. The sun still shines in but it is really dimmed.
Not really sure about how much use I have for the really big bags. The zippers are not great. I mainly use them for packing and transporting kids' stuff that I want to have air. I don't use them in the washing machine as much. The mesh is very fine.
Expected better quality. Material too thin.
There is nothing about Mellanni brushed microfiber bed sheets that distinguishes them from other less expensive brushed microfiber bed sheets in terms of quality. That's the reason you're thinking of buying these over some other less expensive brand, right? You think if you pay more you'll get something better, but these are no better than other brushed microfiber sheets you can buy for half as much. The set I bought a few years ago were brushed on both sides. On the new ones, only one side is brushed and it's not as soft and smooth as the old ones.
This is the dishwashing wand we've always used, but I'm giving it a mediocre rating because the stupid rubber button always ends up breaking eventually. My recommendation: Don't let the soap get so low in the tank that you have to press the button hard to expel it. I wish Good Grips would just reinforce that button with a little thicker rubber. They'd still get my business from selling me replacement heads, which are expected to wear out, obviously.
These glue dots are not what I expected. They are pretty difficult to pull off the sheet.
I bought this thinking it would be better than my $70 one. I was wrong. This is prettier and quieter, but it's also dumber and it doesn't clean the rugs very well. It was constantly getting stuck on things and sometimes after charging it for a couple days when I'd actually go on to use it it would die within 20 minutes. I still use it because I don't want it to go to waste but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I'd buy something more expensive hoping it works better or to start off with something cheaper.
I was shopping for "blackout curtains" and these came up. Now I see that they are "room darkening" and I wonder if they recently changed the product description. These really don't do much at all to block out light. But they are pretty and have a nice drape. We washed ours when they arrived and let them dry in the sun, and forgot to bring them back in for a couple of days. The color faded significantly. I don't know how long it would take for this fading to happen when hung in sunny windows, but I was surprised by the amount of fading. That said, I still like them because they are very pretty and have a nice weight to them.
No instructions at all, luckily my husband ordered a different one similar as well. Really who sends a product with no instructions. Silly guys... can't put to heavy of stuff but good for storage like baby clothes ex..
The frames look great and do the job, but are very inconvenient if you want to take a vinyl out and play it. The clips are pretty hard to get on and off.
Good quality and are holding up well. They just don't work for me. I've had a stiff neck every morning since I bought them.
Works good but pillow is too hard
Loved the first one very much... burnt it down to nothing. Ordered another one and after about the third lighting, the wick disappeared. Not impressed with that.
Definitely not wrinkle free. I rinsed this table cloth and put it in the drier to get rid of the creases from being packaged. I had to iron the tablecloth. It looks ok on the table, but not great.
Love the product and what it does. I gave it only 3 stars because- The bottle cap popped off during my project and I wasted half the bottle. It was a mess. Thankfully my project wasn't ruined. Disappointed how many times this happened! I was being very carefull I didn't return it due to the inconvenience and hassle returning one small item. Hopefully Ranger reads this review and others. They need to come up with another dabber that works as its supposed to. Thank you for reading-
The color isn't exactly what I'd hoped and there is much less of it than I thought there would be. It'll work just fine though.
Doesn't hold to many picks
I have mixed feelings about it. It's stiff, not the flowy soft material I'm used to in my curtains. Also, being well packed there are many creases and I tried using the iron but it made a whole in it. So, make sure heat isn't on the white side. The green is nice, not too neon. It's not very dark in the room but the thought is there.
Would be ok but the fabric happens to attract every bit of animal hair from my dog and cat. My dog is not allowed on the couch but just rubbing up against it and the static from this fabric attracts so much white fur. A fine cover, I'd say, for a house with no animals.
I didn't like these as much as I thought I would. I actually prefer the cheap round sponge because I can manipulate those more easily than these fancy sponges. All in all, they're OK.
Looks good and like it until the batteries died after just one night using it for a nightlight. Then bought the expensive long lasting batteries and lasted two nights. oh well
I used these to put money gifts into and hide on the tree for the kids to find. The balls were perfect for size purposes, but didn't stay shut. At all. I ended up taping them closed, which kind of messed up the clean look of them, but they still worked out - and the kids liked it!
My steamer did not come with the triangular steamer head pictured. I got two less-effective single-row of holes steamer heads, one wider with 9 holes and one narrower with 5 holes. I am disappointed.
The colors of them are slightly lighter. And they are not fat quilting fabrics. But the patterns are kind of cute.
Although it deformed cuz the weight, in general works OK.
A little on cheap size but perfect for a few years . After decorations up looked very real !
Appears to be a quality product. Hopefully I never have to find out how waterproof it actually is. My biggest reason for purchasing it was to decrease the heat transfer when sleeping. I have noticed NO difference than when not using it. It is also a bit large and therefore slides around and bunches underneath me while sleeping.
Too many pieces. I found some that were just two pieces and easier to refill.
just what I expected
The blanket was exactly as expected, however, my child felt uncomfortable using it. I was pushed off several times during the night. Product fine, guess just not for him.
These get the job done. They make my roomba super loud though. That being said I feel they pick up a whole lot more dust and link then my previous roomba ones.
I was really disappointed in this product. I was hoping it would look better once it was finished, but you can't tell that the couple is kissing or where the woman's legs are. I was going to give this to my boyfriend as a fun thing, but I'm definitely not going to now. The trees and streetlights look good, but not the main part of the picture, the couple. :(
Do not buy refurbished. Not worth the savings. Battery no longer holds charge after 1 year. Great little vacuum otherwise.
I loved the color. The color was beautiful and the fabric felt great. Unfortunately, the ones I received had permanent marks/indentations on them, so I had to send them back and request new ones (not sure what these will look like). As others have said, it is very difficult to get a pillow in these, as the zipper doesn't unzip all the way. I was afraid I was going to rip it trying to stuff a pillow in and ended up having to use different, flatter pillows. You have to have a fairly flexible pillow, or it's not going in.
Cute stencil but when it arrived it was folded in half in the envelope now there is a big crease in it. I'll be interested to see if it works
The item I received was not as pictured. It was still nice, but not what I wanted.
I received the shipment in a timely manner. I was a bit disappointed in the product. The cover for the box cushion only covers one side of the cushion with elastic and tends to slip off when you sit on it.
They work like the originals that came with the pyramid. Downside is that they do not last long.
This was purchased as a gift. I just found out that the tail was already broken when it was removed from the box. It is otherwise very cute.
I love the sharpe and color of the Seashells fountain. The water stays inside and never splatters on my table. Down sides - I would rather have a white power cord rather than black, and an in line off/on switch. Fountain sound is faint, and the motor hums.
These are just okay quality, but difficult to find this size so using them for now. Might be better for lighter weight fabrics; my drapes are a heavy velvet.
I just used this mop today. 1st it was a pain to put together! I had to call my son over to attach the mop. He said it's made cheap. The mop will mop your floor but it is made more for someone with no force!' It's for easy cleaning . I feel not for deep cleaning. Give me my old mop back! I say this is for being 72 I'll get my hands into the water and ring my old mop!!
Worked great on tile. Dropped sone of the dust bunnies on my way out the door to dust off otherwise was okay.
One of the stone colors was not correct. Luckily it is almost not noticeable.
Product arrived on time, packaging was damaged but coverlet unharmed. This is a beautiful quilted coverlet, a lovely aged ivory color, and soft. The embroidery took my breathe away and then I noticed the flaws. Along the embroidered edge of the quilt on several places the embroidery just stops with a thread sticking out that has not been tied off or grounded. I can envision it coming unraveled in the wash. Also in the pattern there were several spots where the thread ruffled up like a wave above the pattern making it very vulnerable to snagging or breaking. This was very disappointing. I'm sending it back.
Sits crooked, unable to level the hoop.
It is good quality, but I expected it to come in a container. It came in a bag zip tied. Not bad for the price, but now I have to get a container. I may not have read the description carefully.
I love the size of the fan and the heavy duty clamp. I just got this yesterday and the batteries have been charging 24 hours and the light is still flashing. I am nervous about how long they will last.
Nice fabric. Very thin. No zipper at one end. I think slightly cheap. Would rather pay more for a better fitted quality so pillow case.
They served the purpose
We ordered 5 boxes and got a wad of vacuum bags stuffed into a USPS envelope that was literally bursting at the seams.
One of my kitchen drawers is awkwardly small and this is the only thing that fits perfect but its small.. :(
Quiet, seems to move slower than most turners, foam isn't sturdy causing cups to sag/tilt, wish it was more replacement friendly as far as the rods are concerned.
Because it's as airtight as one can get without being hermetically sealed, any air inside the pillow will billow up when you lay your head on the pillow. If you pay your head on it and then zipper it, then there isn't enough air in it to be comfortable. I had to give it up because it was messing up the angle of my neck when I slept. I am keeping it on the "extra" pillow on my bed (the ones not under my head).
Cute product but not very durable. One of the rings broke when hanging them.
Bought this for a family member and they LOVED it. Just hard to wash. It's so heavy. I took it to the laundromat. It's weight is soothing and does what it's supposed to. The catch is washing it-
Very small as indicated
Fabric feels cheap and you can tell its not very well made, so I would not recommend this product for a focus point door in the house. The curtain is not the best but it does the job and for just over six dollars its worth it (I purchased as Add on). It does well blocking the light (not the best blocker curtain I have in the house but okay). Measurements are just as described. Its gray color is in both side (darker inside). Light-weight and machine wash cold. Strap in the middle is not attached to the curtain and it has good velcro.
It works, it looks pretty nice and it's basically as described. However, due to the nature of how these shelves stay in place (relying on the weight of the objects putting a diagonal pressure on the bar), the shelves aren't completely straight which bothers me. When you put a bottle of shampoo or something on them, it'll slide a little towards the edge. I wish they would've take this into account and make the shelves slanted in the opposite way to begin with to counteract it...
It looks better in the pictures, it's good if your on a budget and just need to make the bed look nice. The comforter is really thin, I just hope it holds up after a wash and dry cycle.
There is no arrow on the side to show which way to install the filter. Is there any way to tell which is the front and which is the back?
Have followed the directions. Tough to get this one to hold the proper humidity
These are okay. They do the job. Unfortunately I have blinds that sit somewhat below the level of the frame as there is a slight amount of surround on the window to give it a more old-style framed appearance. Getting this to work on that type of a blind and window was tough. Since these require mounting and attachment to the blind, the blind does sit somewhat beneath the level of the surrounding frame and required a little bit is some finagling in order to get it to work. Ultimately they did the job. Unfortunately my rather rambunctious dog walked into the blind one day and snapped one of the attachments and have. Overall, they do the job and they work but they are somewhat fragile
They smell weird, and are very thin. But I got them for our arch. Hoping they are going to work. Won't know till o go check with the venue. Nice for the price tho.
It's ok but it's sooo heavy. I'm injured and needed it on my bed so i can read, watch tv, etc but it's a workout just moving it from one location to another. It is firm, comfortable, but far too heavy.
This mop is not that wonderful, but it is not expensive.
Nice design but extremely thin. All it is is a thin piece of vinyl with no protective liner for the table. Think twice about putting anything hot on the table with this on it. Not too mention i thought this was very expensive. Went to Wal-Mart and found something comparable for half the cost.
Not the highest quality, but worked!
Did not stick to the ring.
The toilet paper holder should have 3 small legs. One of them has 3 & the other has 2. They r very nice but one is defective .
It works fine for wirelessly displaying the internal temperature but it burns through a set of batteries in about 2 months. The issue here is I need to re program the whole thing. It holds 2 AAA's. 2 AA's would have been a much better design.
These aren't stiff enough to pin baste quilts to my liking. It takes a little extra time to get the sharp end to pop back up thru the quilt. Maybe because they are a size 1. I have another brand of pins that are size 2 and they are much stiffer and easier to use. Disappointed.
The way its packaged is horrible - a week later and there is still creases in the foam pillow that wont go away. You's expect the pillow to decompress and fluff up to normal but it never really has. Very flat and dense. Better then the old pillow I had but I would spend more money on a better quality one next time.
Not very sturdy but very pretty. It is more for decoration.
The size of this mug is a lot smaller than the one I purchased last year from the same seller.
Arrived with missing part
The edge is already coming off the blanket and it isn't as heavy as I'd hoped it would be. It is very soft, though.
Kids who love Minecraft will like this towel for sure, although as a mom, and someone who appreciates a thick, soft towel myself, this falls far short of that. It's more for the fun of it rather than being a great bath towel, although it does dry just fine. It's a bit thin, and not really very big. But as I said, I'm kind of a towel snob. Great Minecraft towel for a kid.
When it came in the knob in the top was off. I popped it back on. We will see if it stays. It's pretty cute. Came with a itty bitty strainer. Update- The top pops off often
Threads kept separating and had to consistently go back and fix. Not wound tight enough and kept splitting threads very frustrating. Color was as pictured but not a soft yarn and felt very synthetic. Used it for Christmas dishtowels project so it was okay, but would not recommend for anything but decorative use.
Not as plush as I hoped.
It's not hard to lut together, I like the quality. The only problem I have is I'm not sure how long it will last its pretty wobbly. We've tightened it as much as we could we have a big shower with high ceilings.
Okay product for the price, but stitching is starting to come undone after several cycles through the wash.
My hair still goes floopy.
i didn't know they were single pieces and they were also tangled and smelled TERRIBLE but they look cute so i guess it is okay
Heavy body acrylic paint dried up overnight. Would not recommend
I love the design on this rug. It matches my new bathroom decor beautifully. However, the material is not very water absorbent. And there is not very much cushion , padding on the matting unfortunately.
I am not sure if it worked!!!
Starchy hard fabric and the holes are far apart and they sort of make you go into them unless you have a really sharp fine needle. Wish I would have gotten plain soft linen instead
It's okay, but the light isn't really that big of a deal. It works for now
I use this to clean dishes and my sink. I thought it might have a little more power. Also, the batteries ran out quicker than I anticipated, especially since I only use it for a few minutes a day. I'm going to replace them with some name brand ones and see if they have any impact on the power. It's a nice concept. I wish it was rechargeable.
Not what I was expecting. The picture makes it look more vibrant and pretty than the product I received
The color was a little different than it looked online, it fit good but didn't stay in place after someone sat on the loveseat.
Purchased the Double Pane option for double paned windows - doesn't hold tight, falls off when moved- should have gotten the triple pane unit. :-(
It's OK. It was a lot smaller than I was expecting.
For the price it was nice. 🙏 Thank you!
Cute "snuggy" but this is NOT lined and not very thick.
Very long, sheer cheap material but it gets the job done
Hard to spray into the toilet without it leaking all over my hand. Would not buy it again.
I used a light grip grid to cut my vinyl and the paper packing stuck to the grid. I had to scrape and scrape to get it off. I had to throw the entire piece away.. Very disappointed.
Made of flimsy metal, very light-weight and bendable. From a distance looks ok. Would not recommend.
nothing too special about these sheers, but they do come as described
Hammock was great! Or so I thought putting it up. Lasted about 30 mins then I fell through. No sure if it was just a bad one from the bunch. Or just a bad product.
The product came in a closed package well wrapped. I have one of these on bedroom tv (Hisense) and it works perfect. My office t. (Toshiba) is a different story. The USB port does not deliver enough power to replace the factory cord. Hope that it works for you because it's a great idea.
Concrete sticks to it.
I spent a good amount of time trying to find good towels online and landed here. I REALLY struggle to find a difference between these and some cheap towels I got at Bed Bath and Beyond. They are not fluffy, or very soft. I wanted to love these towels, i really did... these are very middle of the road. I would not purchase again and recommend you look elsewhere for something you love.
I just received my pack of four candles and was excited to get them in my windows. I placed the first three in my windows and they look great. They seem sturdy. It is great that they come with the batteries already in them. I also love that they come with suctions. But my fourth candle doesn't work. I am not happy about that at all!!! I was going To buy more for my upstairs windows but now I am not sure.
Was expecting something a little nicer looking. But for the price I guess you get whet you pay for. Up close these look faker than fake from a distance they're okay.
I guess I am having trouble using this heater. The instructions are not clear and I wanted to be able to set the temperature and not sure how.
I purchased this vacuum about a month ago and it is great. The suction is fantastic. Literally the only grievance I have is the collection receptacle. Sometimes while you are vacuuming some debris falls out. Just means you need to empty is a bit more often than you think you do. Also, I live in San Diego so I have A LOT of sand in my car and it has a bit of trouble picking a lot of that up from the interior. Other than that this is a great buy.
have not used it yet
It's easy, but it's a little too big for the armrest.
Cannot really smell it
I returned because they were really a bright yellow!
These candles burn nicely and do not drip. They are also very pale and do not smell like beeswax or at least the ones I get from my local Farmer's Market. My Bee Guy's candles are also cheaper and burn a little longer.
These are light filtering, not blackout curtains.
Some pins had not point to them. Hard to push in. A lot of bent pins.
the fit it tight, hard to get bobbins out.
I was very excited to try this since all of the other reviews were so positive. However, upon receiving it, even though the package was not damaged, the whole product was dry and I was unable to use any of it. Customer service has been great so far though. Shipping was quick and the return process went smoothly so I gave a mid range rating. I am excited to use the product some time in the future, but I am disappointed in the quality control of the item I received.
I liked the colors in this product, but didn't like the pieces that I needed to creat, it took a long time. But the regular circled shaped ones were easy to make.
For the price it's ok. It was to be gray and ivory reversible but the ivory has a pink look. I won't ever use it.
It moves air the way I hoped. However the gasket strips the unit has developed an unbelievably strong smell of rubber over time that I think I had an allergic reaction to and had to be thrown out.
Not bad if you don't put too many heavy items on it. I tried to put too many pairs of jeans on it and it collapsed.
Not too bad. I'm glad it comes with two pillows, because honestly they're so squishy that I needed to double them up on my drivers seat to really have good neck support. Maybe different cars with different seats work better, but that's my issue. It's also not very firmly stuffed with the stuffing though. The material on the front is nice but the material on the back is much cheaper. It does the job though.
Does not hold a lot of tension
As others have stated it's only a matter of time until this starts to leak. In my case both tanks started to leak (at their caps) as well as at the hose. All 3 started to leak within a month of each other. For the price of this item I would expect it to last longer than a year, especially given the fact it was only used a few times a month.
A little small and it tops easily if it's to full. Would not purchase again.
The shipping was rally fast, but the back of the necklace display was coming apart in the back. I had to glue it all up the back side.
Gets loose very easy constantly having to adjust and tighten.
The larger size is a bit blurry. It's okay but would probably would not purchase again.
Just ok. Not very soft. I've gotten softer sheets at Walmart.
the material is extremely sensitive. some of the canvas material starting sagging within the first week. beautiful piece though. i am sure one can tighten the material
It's very sheer. I got it to go over a bathroom exterior door with a window but it's too see through. I will likely have to replace with a different product. If you're looking for something sheer, then this is a great choice for the price. I washed and dried it and immediately hung it and there are no wrinkles.
It's a nice vacuum cosmetically . You just get what you pay for. Very poor suction. You really have to work for it.
It's was very decent
Very hard to put on. I had to cover the cover.
it looks just like the picture, butttt it is heavy when folded and we bought it for our trip. Soo not as practical as we tought
Works well, but mine just died after owning it about a year and a half.. small house, used it once a month.
Will hold a small bottle of water but tried to put a 30 oz steel cup of water and it flipped off.
This little fan is very functional but not that powerful. If you are looking for a desk fan that will keep you cool when working at your desk, it would be very good. But if you are looking to keep a room cool, you need the larger model, which works pretty well.
While the frame looks nice once put together I would not buy it again. The glass is horrible with raw and sharp edges that started to crumble when we pulled off the protective film. I had tiny glass particles on the floor. Also, the protective film made the glass static and picked up every little dust particle and lint in the room. Then came the hanger. Attached the cable to the provided screws and the head of the screw popped off. What a chore to get my print into the frame. Once done it looked good but I would not want to do this again. On a positive note - the packaging was great and very sturdy.
The tulips aren't as wide and plump as the ones they're replacing but are somewhat realistic looking. I didn't care for this orange coloring.
It's ok not what I expect
Yes, it's smaller than it appears. I bought this one at 13" and a different style 15" across, for two guest baths that were mirror images of each other. Amazing the difference that 2" makes. The 15" looks large & elegant in all stainless. This one looks small and cheap, with a stainless face and BLACK wire spokes. I would have returned it, except by the time the bathrooms were remodeled and I could install, the return window had passed. I've moved it to a little-used bedroom with dark walls, where the black spokes fade into the wall color and the clear jewels sparkle and appear to float against the background. It keeps time well enough.
The tree I ordered broke when assembling so I'm giving 3 stars but the company itself deserves 5 bc they provided immediate resolution and courteous service!
Evaporates in 2 weeks... Not very strong
5 stars for brightness; 3 stars because it gets pretty hot. None of my other similar lights get hot even when coiled into a tight circle for concentrated light. I shoved them into some hollow witch's boots decor and topped with some gray tissue paper to tame the "christmas-y" green color. Hopefully it won't burn the paper. Only on a few hours per night just in case.
Honestly Didn't hold anything in place
did not hold as well as I expected.
Somewhat disappointed. I ordered a king size and it could be a bit bigger. And it's not as fluffy as in the photo. It's soft. We'll see how it goes. But overall, meh. Disappointed.
This box is nice looking, but it's not very functional. Once you get halfway through the box of tissues, it becomes very difficult to access the remaining ones. Much more decorative than it is function for sure.
The shape of the pillow is perfect, but it is too firm.
Not as nice as I expected. It does not have the labradorite deep colours.
Basked it nicely constructed. However, I the bottom is not flat - it's kind of rounded. It won't sit flat on a hard surface, so I had to return it. Disappointed.
Decent tree. Unfortunately mine arrived broken so only half of the lights work..
Some broke apart at first use
Would have been better if it came with a remote but my friend was happy with it more than myself. All that matters.
Still trying to figure the calculator out...seems simple enough although I have not resolved the questions I tend to ask the calculator....it's not answering me, though!
Wish the closet was longer, the parts don't fit as well as I would like and the doors don't connect together for the closet part making them all mini cubes without the cube part all opens separate.
The sealer didn't work very well. And I don't like the way the shrink wrap bags look when finished. Maybe it's user error on the bags but they never come out smooth even though I carefully followed the instructions. But the molds are wonderful and the recipe that came with it was great. Perfect batch every time.
Pretty good if you have a chair that's giving you problems. The material feels nice but doesn't seem durable. I've had it for a few months and there are some holes. Also the stuffing seems to get tough and gather in lumps over time. The cushion loses its fluffiness pretty early on and gets lumpy. Good for short term only. I'm still using it despite the issues, but I'd hope for it to last longer. I do like the way it can be tied down to a chair so it doesn't slip around.
I can not get the lights to work. However it is well made and makes a great fence for the rich old woman's mansion in my Christmas village
i liked it very well, it's that one item in the set was broken
Work ok but not solving our issue.
Not as soft as I thought it would be. It doesn't smooth and shape like some do but I'm hoping over time it will get more pliable.
The blanket is a great color. The only thing I can't get over is every time I wash this, about 3 inches of lint comes off of it.
I'm having difficulty getting the glass to split after putting bottles through the bottle cutter, pressing down to ensure the bottles are in place and not moving. Using hot and cold water. No split in the glass.
It leaves a nice bright pink tint. It is cute as well.
End knobs do not fit properly. Needed it or I would've returned it.
These were nice sheets, but the bottom sheet was HUGE and way to oversized for our mattress, so I had to return it. They seemed like nice quality sheets and I would have kept them if they fit my mattress properly. We have a real thick mattress and a foam topper, but the bottom sheet was still too big.
I bought this ac about a month ago and it has been working great until today, the hottest day of the year. I have the ac turned on ac mode and the fan turned up. The hose is installed right, not bent or obstructed. I set the temp down to 70. I cleaned the filters and emptied the water. But ac still only comes on for at most 2 min then there is a thump noise and it turns off leaving only the fan going. Then after about 5 min the ac comes on then turns off again. It's been doing this for the last hour and I don't know what to do. I'm miserable and hot and drenched in sweat. It's 98 degrees out at the moment. I've tried everything I can think of. I thought maybe it has overheated so I turned it off for half an hour but made no difference. I can't afford a new ac already but it's looking like I'm going to have to buy one. I'm updating my review the day after I posted it. As soon as the outdoor temperature started going down the unit was able to stay on for longer periods of time. As soon as it was back in the 80s instead of hovering around 100 I stopped having problems and the unit has worked fine since. I assume it was just to much for it to cool the space it previously had no trouble with once it became dangerously hot out. I don't expect many more days that hot but am going ahead and getting a second unit of some type just in case. I changed my rating from 1 to 3 stars.
It's worth it the price and it's really good for water resistant
I measured my couch and bought the one that went with the length given on amaze, but it was too small, so did not cover my old couch!! So BUT THE NEXT LENGTH UP, DON'T FOLLOW THEIR LENGHT CHARTS!!!
It has some frayed parts and I have not tried it as soon as I use it, give a better opinion of the product
I really like the tree, unfortunately one of the string of lights does not always works. It will go on and off by itself.
Cheap quality surprising since Eddie Bauer
The diffusers I received do not have the digital time as the one pictured here. The specifications said bluetooth capability. Although disappointed, as this is misleading, I will keep the diffusers due to not wanting the hassle of sending them back. I am enjoying having two, one for the bedroom and one for the living room.
These soap holders work ok but I'm not thrilled by them. I don't care for the colors, they sum a little old fashioned to me. They work fine but I wouldn't buy them again.
The picture quality is perfect, but both the container it arrived in, and the poster itself were very crinkled.
I ordered 4, 3 were correct, one they misspelled the name, I messaged asking how to fix this issue, they never got back to me. the 3 are nice, the one is nice but the name is screwed up.
Not as quilted and plush as I like. The fit is not snug around my mattress and tends to slip around. The quality is fair per price paid.
My son and I both enjoy this little night light, but the colors sometimes won't come on. Then a few days later they will work again. My only issue with this, but most nights it works fine.
Super bummed. It's super soft. It doesn't breathe much so definitely better for winter. But after just two washes it has a bunch of holes in it.
It's serving its purpose but looked used when it arrived. There were scratched on it and a chip on the back of it. It will cost me too much to return it so I just kept it.
doesn't cut thru the foam I am working on really good.
Smaller than expected. Wheels come off often. Could be made better and larger.
Bought these for my class to make as mothers & fathers day gifts. It was super cute and so easy, a little time consuming but I had like 30 pictures to cut down because I got them just a smidge to big. I discovered the pictures fall out if you drop your keys a bunch or knock it into things. That was bummer. I ended up taping it to get it to stay.
One broke, works good, not great
The knobs are put on so securely I can't take them off to fix the incorrect numbering. The bells are attached so poorly I'm lucky they have survived this first advent season. A cute calendar but attention to detail is lacking enough that this will need to be replaced in a few years with something of actual quality.
Overall happy with these beads - my two issues are 1 - the distribution of letters; in some packs I only got one or two Iof important letters like E but a ton of Zs. This really limits what you can spell out. 2- The black ones need some serious quality control, those didn't look like the picture, the colors were dull and the paint on the letter was missing or messy. And several we're broken or the holes were filled. All the other colors were good quality though and they are great for friendship bracelets.
Cute curtain however short,
I literally received and installed these yesterday and the rubber coating has already ripped on one of the hooks. Pretty ridiculous. I will have to wrap it with something more durable. Really upsetting to have this happen when purchasing a product made for this specific use. I do like the wide opening. I think it might even it a fat tire bike but I don't have one of those yet.
I wish it weren't so wobbly, and the wheels are near useless on carpet. The bags are good quality though, and it holds the perfect amount for a load of laundry.
I like this frame but it came broken and I had to spend quiet awhile trying to get the inside pieces to fit so that it could work without sending it back.. it took 2 months to arrive so I wanted to try to not have to send it back if possible
The little jars that the pigment comes in are not suitable for fine powders, so there was a layer of mica in the bag and coating every single jar. This product is a good bag for your buck, but it's a pain to deal with.
I've had the product over 1 year on my half bath window and it is still holding up but I see lots of little bubbles every where. Overall works well to help with privacy
I wanted small puzzles that would store easily. The problem is they don't go together well.
i did not follow the instructions cause there is way too many pieces to figure it out so i arranged it myself in the cabinet and it worked great
Does it hold utensils? Yes. Is it sturdy? Yes. Would I have preferred to take the gigantic sticker off with a jackhammer? Also yes! I have been scraping at this sticker for probably 20 minutes now, and I'm really having a hard time understanding why any human in this universe would waste paper for this. Proceed with caution.
Does not fit snug, would be better to use a sheet, looks nice but doesn't work as it should
Loved the elephant but the pacifier was a negative on me my son didn't like it had to buy him a different pacifier
I love this cover but as soon as we opened it there was damage looked as if it had been caught in a printing machine possibly and snagged and messed up the color. I do wish they would have inspected the item before sending it that way they could have just sent one that was not damaged. Other then that I really do like the duvet cover I will however hang dry it when I wash it to be safe.
This is a good product, but it has to straps both of which are too long and no matter what I do, the back brace slides down on my office chair. Disappointing!
So far so good. They do wrinkle but are very soft.
Not .exquisitely absorbent. After 2 washings, the absorbency is a little better, but certainly not exquisite. They are also very thin, not the flour sack thickness of American flour sacks.
Very unusual rug. The material is great! The color is rather disappointing as it is so much darker then the towels. It also most looks blackish.
Good low cost soldering and assembly practice for students. Lack of instructions for operation lowered review by 1 star.
One of them isn't sticking : ( actually 2 fell off wall had to use construction glue
The mop heads seem great, but the handle comes unscrewed while I'm scrubbing or trying to maneuver into corners. I wish I'd gone with a different design.
The scent is light and doesn't lady
PROS: • Cozy and soft material provides nice cushion for comfortable sleep • Top strap allows for easy attachment to backpack or luggage, eliminating one less thing to carry during trips • Adjustable chin support tails stabilizes the chin by wrapping around the whole neck, nestling the head, and preventing facial drooping that disrupts a peaceful sleep • Adjustable chin support tails allows the head to lean comfortably on either side, either by placing the left tail on top to lean left or the right tail on top to lean right • Adjustable for chin support by wrapping around the neck or as a side pillow to lay on by folding it in half • Back support does not push your head forward, unlike other travel pillows CONS: • Stuff material occupies a lot of real estate if placed in storage like a backpack • Has a tendency to feel like the pillow is constrictive if improperly wrapped around the neck • No velcro attachment on chin support tails, therefore it has a tendency to slowly expand over-time, thereby loosening its secure wrapping around the neck and support for the head, and allowing facial drooping, resulting in an uncomfortable rest • No breathable ventilation holes, so has a tendency to become warm if sweaty or air temperature is warm
A lot smaller than I expected but still cute!!
VERY disappointed! I bought this to replace my 3 inch foam pad that takes up tons of room in the car. The description says it's for camping-NOT! With a couple of days before my next trip, I blew it up so it would have time to stretch and for the chemical sent to dissipate. That's when I discovered the pump Hass to be plugged in. It doesn't charge. That's fine if you're using it for a guest to sleep on in your house, but it sure doesn't work for camping. Yes it has two cords, one for an AC outlet and one for a car cigarette outlet; but in my opinion, trying to blow this thing up holding it in the car door and, and then carrying it whatever distance to the tent and then trying to get this full-blown large twin through the door is frigging ridiculous! Then to deflate you'd have to get it back to the car! Absolutely asinine, and certainly be punctured in no time at all. Oh, and it says you cannot use it with another pump. I'm sending back to Amazon.
Very luxurious, but more like a blanket than a towel... they don't dry you off very well. I have really long and thick hair. I need something more absorbent than this.
It looks a lot more like a painted brown holder vs. typical bronze looking accessories. Cheap looking, but gets the job done.
it is what it is, not a luxury blanket but its fine, it will keep you warm. not very cute and very lame
These are pretty, but the definitely do not look real. They aren't going to fool anyone. But they look pretty on my table or in the corner of my bathroom.
It's been very difficult to connect to Braava Jet as well as charger. I just connected to the charger but it' doesn't seem to be connected at all. Pretty frustrating Update: The seller send me replacement and they have been working good so far.
These are super cute and look relatively realistic. We were going to use them as part of our wedding decor and only ordered one box to start with just to see what they look like and if they work. We decided to use different candles and wanted to send them back, but we have to pay for return shipping which was 7 or 8 dollars so we would have only gotten back 5-6 dollars. Now we have candles we will never use because there's no point in sending them back.
I'm not sure what I expected, besides a hemp wick holder... you can roll it up the way you're supposed to, but it'll still get caught around itself, making a knot..then you have to open it and fix it..
If you are looking for a very large laundry bag, this is it. However if you fill this laundry bag and plan to drop it off at the cleaner for washing and folding, it is too large.
Works well. However, if you, like me, do not want to buy 2+ gallons of distilled water a day every day to keep it running, then you will have everything in your home caked in white mineral discharge daily. It does wipe off, but it doesn't all come off. I just didn't want to spend $60+ a month on water for my air. I also didn't get the cleaner, it is starting to get some accumulation and discoloring on the inside parts. I have had it about 2 1/2 weeks.
Bought it because we live in a winter climate and have to drive all day for a living. To combat the sinus and skin dryness we chose this model and it worked great initially with the USB plug in for the car. But over a period of weeks it became more and more undependable...refused to turn on and so we kept pulling the wick on it and flipping it. Should come with extra wicking but it is easy to clean and fits nicely in the cup holder of the car. Wish it were more dependable and I would love love love it! We only put RO water in it so no mineral buildup in the unit. Easy to wash out and instructions, minimal as they were came with it.
Great product but they sent me a nail adhesive instead a oil fragance bottle with the owl....😠
The cord broke within 3 uses. The male end stayed in the fan when pulled out.
After reading mixed reviews on this product, I decided to give it a try anyways. If you're planning on using it for Cricut and/or vinyl projects of any sort, don't! It's extremely sticky, too sticky. It works great to pick up your project, but trying to remove after the vinyl was placed was a nightmare, it ripped my projects, made them bubble, etc. it's too sticky to peel back off and not take everything with it. Also the grid lines aren't on the transfer tape, they're on the paper backing, so they're kind of pointless in my opinion. Won't be buying again.
I like that the pillow is adjustable but I'm still trying to find the right amount of filling to make the pillow comfortable all night.
My control went out how can I get a replacement? Dottie
This pillow was reasonably comfortable, if not somewhat noisy. My biggest gripe is it has started leaking air after 4 overnight trips. Perhaps this is a problem for all inflatable pillows but I think I will go for a compressible pillow next.
just ok. inner plastic curtain keeps falling off the hooks.
Loved this vacuum for the one day I had it. Then it started to short out and the roller would not spin correctly. I was so sad. Wish it would have stayed great.!
Its okay. .. Looks better in pictures. Made this with it. Its a very pretty color just up close looks a bit cheap.
It was good the first 3 weeks, after that the pillow got stretched out and a little flattened. It still ok to use, but not good for the price I paid.
I was surprised by how big the end pieces were.
I was really excited to test out this product. I ordered them in the Navy and Silver colors. They are getting 3 stars because they do hold the curtains back as described. Yay standard function. They do not, however, look great like a normal curtain tie-back would. I found that regardless of how tight I wound the tieback around the curtain, they would drop to the middle or not hold it back as far as I wanted it to. I also found that if I wound them too tight, either they would come un-clasped by the magnet or they would wrinkle the curtain really bad. See pictures with how the tieback would start and how it would be by the end of the day. Maybe it's user error, however, I wouldn't order them again and I would stick with a normal curtain tie back.
I bought the teal color one, IT SMELLS AWFUL, like a chemical plant. I took the thing out of it's wrapper and left it in a spare room hoping it would air out and be fine. 6 hours later the entire room smelled awful. I took the pad off thinking that was the problem and put it in my garage. I don't think I will use the pad any way, I think laying the table top part on top of a pillow will work better for me. The top part also had the chemical smell but not to strong, and now I don't really notice it. I kept it because it was cheap and I don't have the time to deal with returning it. The top is a good size, I like the curve that is cut out and also the handle on it. I then found a similar smaller lap table on Ikea's website for the same price (though I don't know what their shipping charge would be) and I think if this Amazon item doesn't work out I will try the one from Ikea. Wish I had found the Ikea one first. Don't know if the other color options smell as bad. I would suggest skipping this item.
Not bad, but a little scratchy
It fit well, liked the pattern, but red dye from flower print bled onto other areas of the slip cover. There were pink smudges and color seemed to bleed outside of the lines.
Does not last about about a week to get rid of smoke Oder
Nice looking; however, it is too small to hold a standard tissue box. You have to remove the tissues from the original box and place them at an angle in this box.
Pretty tree but is about 6 inches shorter than the advertised 6 feet
The color and softness when they arrived were great. However, after couple of uses, the silky softness reduced and it kind of lost some color as well. I would not buy again.
Good product for price. A little wobbly but overall okay!
hard to lean them, they shrunk up after cleaning them
Did not come with hemp string.
These were great except for the fact that they don't make very strong colors. We used them to make bath bombs but found it required a lot of drops to get the bright color we were looking for. Otherwise a great product
I was expecting something a little larger, but it'll be ok
Disappointed, I bought the comforter and sheet set and it didn't come with any pillow cases. Other then that it was perfect. Very soft.
I love this dispenser. The color is true to the picture. The only downfall is the lid/dispenser area started to rust very quickly, about two to three weeks after use started..
Cute mugs, but the writing was smudged off on the Mr. part, I would have returned it, and had it replaced but short on time, needed them for a gift. Quality is equal to price, so not the best.
I disliked that the rod was placed way too close to the front so hangers stick out which is a total disaster for the eyes now I have to live with this since I can't afford another shelf smh
I viewed the product as it was an actual throw pillow, not cover. That is not the impression these pictures of the product. It ended being better wall art also because it was a very pillow like fabric. Burlap or hemp or something like that.
The wicker part of the basket is orange which is not cute.
Outside humidity and barometric pressure not working properly. Good enough just for temperatures.
The blade went dull very fast
These are nice frames for the cost, but, like many of the reviews on here, I bought 3 and one of them came with damaged corners. I bought it as a gift so I didn't open it until after the return window closed. I would say this is worth it if you open right away and check for damage. And if you're ok dealing with returns. After reading reviews, this corner damage sounds like a common issue.
Worked well for seven months, but lack durability. One now broken and unusable,
These look nice enough. But half of them had the color chipping off in giant chunks of wax.
Cheeply made, but does the job. Be careful when inserting the cord from the iron into the top plastic feed or it will break. Once the cord is in you are ok. The clamp onto the ironing board is also a plastic screw. Don't get rough with it. Will see how long this Cord Minder lasts with careful use. Also there is nothing "silver powder coated" about it. The Silver is ALL plastic.
They need to be thinner
Not very aromatic. Not the orange vanilla experience I was looking for.
I ordered this mirror after my last on died. The mirror is well packaged, it doesn't take up as much space as my last mirror and the detachable cord if fantastic. Why 3 stars? The only magnification is in the smaller side mirror and the most magnification is in the tiny hand held/suction cup mirror. I am almost blind without my glasses, convenient magnification is a must for me to do the simplest of things. I've read several comments that the lights aren't bright but that is not the case for me. Unfortunately, the bright lights are set in the mirror blocking your reflection instead of lighting your face, unless you lean in nose to mirror. For me, it's best used without the lights. I don't know if I would order it again.
The product is nice and sturdy, but is not the colored described. The description listed color as Rose Gold and I ordered based on what was listed. however the color is Gold. I thought about returning them, but purchased Rose Gold spray and spray painted them the color they should have been.
Worked great for a couple of weeks. No longer runs. Disappointed. Cause it worked really good for awhile.
Like the feel of it, like that you can tie the corners to the comforter, but not thrilled with the snap closure. Every time I went to pull it up a bit snaps would come undone.
not as user friendly as i thought it would be. Thankfully i had some artistic abilities with a paint brush, it will not be repaired as new, but it will keep it form further damage.
Smaller than I wanted
It doesn't suction very well to the shower floor, but it traps hair regardless. Quality is as expected for the price, gets the job done. I think if I were buying again, I'd pay a few more dollars for something nicer.
Not as durable as other multi pant hangers I've purchased. They will do...
Bought this product to replace another clock in the great room. Have only had it a few days. It looks good from a distance, but I am worried about the hands falling off as they seem to be rather thin and cheaply made. The time is ,difficult to read at times. Probably ok value for the money as it was pretty inexpensive.
Smaller and very tall whick makes difficult to take clothes out to laundry
Well, I loved the IDEA and organizational framework. The larger of the two units is OK. The smaller one is especially fragile and arrived damaged.
There are no instructions included. I think I almost have the figured out from the picture except for ledge side holes and the chain. It's functional, however, and otherwise seems okay for the price.
I bought this blanket 3 months ago and reserved my review until I had actually used it a while. This being my first weighted blanket, my initial reaction was amazement at how well i slept once I began to use it. I'll be honest, I didn't think the effects would be this good... so that part left me pleasantly surprised. But my disappointment came after maybe 5 or 6 weeks when the box stitching began to come loose. (as an aside, I sleep alone and have no pets... and the blanket, while used nightly, is used gently) The edge stitching seems to be holding up fine, but a bunch of the box stitches have come loose and therefore the weight distribution has changed. This is very disappointing because i spent a lot of time reading reviews before choosing a weighted blanket, and this one seemed to be one of the best for this price range. For the time being, I will still be using it, but I am not sure I would recommend this one to anyone.
I spent an hour trying to straighten out chains and get the baskets to all hang evenly. I ended up having to remove the top one, and reposition it as a 2 tier so I could actually fit fruit into them. I use the small basket on the counter for my onions. It is cute, and once repositioned, does it's job.
Smaller than expected. Couldn't fit my body pillow.
The tree skirt is beautiful but very thin and cheaply made from what I can tell. I will upgrade next year. A light breeze would blow it up if you don't have anything on top to hold it down. It has lovely little ribbon to tie into bows to hold it together which gives it a cute touch.
Haven't been able to use yet since opening it at Christmas...the product smells very strongly (which is a negative to me) and may be returned.
I thought this was like my other NSF heavy duty shelving that I got from the home improvement store. The posts and shelves are thinner. Obviously less sturdy.. I am using it, but would not buy it again.
I thought it was the smartest idea to have backpack straps on this because I have to go up and down 3 flights of stairs to get to the laundry room. I was surprised that the backpack strap did not break when I first used it, however the second time ever wearing the strap on my back with heavy clothes in it, the left strap snapped unfortunately. So I just had to sew it back on and hope it never breaks again. I like how it can hold a lot of stuff, but maybe I just packed it with too much clothing and it's too heavy. I'm a little disappointed with it's tearing already though near the handle straps.
Most cotton blanket don't snag as bad as this one... It's light and with that perfect weight, but I have animals and it appears every time they put a paw on it they snag another string. I still like it... it just looks kinda awful now (after a week).
It did is duty. Hiding the ugly stand from my fake tree. But it's cheep and you get what you pay for
It makes noise. So I can't let it tun on all day.
The hanger is ok. It takes up less space than if each pair of pants were on different hangers. I think it would work best if you only put three pairs of pants at the most.
I was really high quality, the company just needs to work on the seals on the components, mainly where the condensation tube meats the enclosed boiler. It started to short circuit from moisture build-up, next thing I know I went to grab the jar and placed my hand on the spout, and got shocked, but not your average little shock, this one went through my whole body. Good product, just need to fine-tune it.
I got what I paid for. Okay quality. Good for apartment or 1 person.
I returned these. They were black feathers glued to white board which showed through the feathers and did not seem like they would be terribly durable for use by my child. Size was good and they looked pretty cool at first glance. Ended up going in a different direction with the costume idea
My son loves it but it looks really faded to me and not as good as I would have imagined like the picture.
This product is not what I expected. Doesn't give the heat that I expected. Definitely not enough to heat a small room. Would not buy again.
Received only 1 ball of yarn from this listing. When I contacted the seller they explained that their listing is supposed to be for a single ball but Amazon keeps grouping it with this 3-pack listing. The seller was very helpful in resolving the issue, and the yarn is very nice and soft, hence the 3-star review.
Kinda flimsy but good amount for the price... and pretty of course
They are 3 dies look wonderful but one of them not cut complete has a flaw that parts do not cut them making the die not work
I still cannot set the correct day with the date. It doesn't work very long with just batteries.
Friends love these as gifts. I wish they wrinkled less after washing.
Its ok, but low quality
Our end pieces are not made evenly on the pipe, so it looks unlevel when looking at it. also it tilts on the side that is made lower even though we leveled them. It is an alright product given what it is.
I bought this heater based on Amazon reviews and ranking for its price range and features. It started out pretty good. But the first winter, we woke up to the burner bar fluttering blue and gas smell throughout the house. During the winter days, never saw the flutter, but the bar would delay to ignite and then finally ignited with flames reaching past the protective grate. I had my gas supplier check it. They could not find a problem, recommended I return it if the problem continued. Well, I needed it to heat my house, so I waited until late summer to call Mr. Heater. Still under warranty. Mr. Heater said to have the water column checked, should be at 14. Said Amazon had a great warranty policy, contact them. Amazon said it was over 30 days, contact Mr. Heater. I love that game... Meanwhile, had heater checked again - gas supplier said pressure was over 11 and card on the heater said max of 10, so 14 was unsafe. Suggested regulator on heater was bad. I didn't want to pay shipping to return heater, so I looked up the regulator and replaced it myself. Made no difference to the flutter and flame problem. So...we replaced it with a Dyna-Glow infrared version. You know what? My house is 70 degrees now on its lowest setting, no gas smell, no problems at all. I'm so impressed I'm tempted to replace my 10000 BTU with Dyna-Glo infrared as well, if just for speed an efficiency. I can't wait to see if the Dyna saves me gas as well. The old 30000 unit....well....sold that in 24 hours on Facebook for $75. Good riddance!!! Go, Dyna!
Bag is of a very ordinary dumb design made out of very ordinary materials. Too highly priced for the quality of the product. Not satisfied.
One was broken and the other had singed black edges
I bought this for scrapbooking my honeymoon to Australia. The stuff that you get is good quality and relevant, but it's not a lot for how expensive this is. I was expecting more stickers, but really it's just the one sheet of a few stickers. The rest are "cut outs" or full scrapbook pages.
The pattern was very cute but the sheets are thin.
The pillow tends to shed a lot. The fur gets stuck to anything and also i had to use my blow drier in order for the fur to seperate a little bit. It is an offwhite as you can tell the difference in color with my other white pillows.
These have a good cover on them, but I got them to fill out an 18" case, and instead of the stuffing fluffing out with it, it just sort of folded. Maybe that's because they were shrink wrapped? They might have loosened if I stuck them in the dryer, but I don't know. They're good enough as is, if you just don't feel the pillow too closely for the folds.
The scent is pleasant but does not last.
I like the drum. There are 4 holes 2 each side of the top cover. On each side of 2 I don't understand why there's a slit from one hole to the other. No wonder yarn can get tangled so easy. I just don't get the concept. But I figured out a way to use it anyway.
Too small the see the details
Take your time (no pun intended) setting this clock up so that you don't have to remove and reapply the pieces to your wall. I've had this up for about a year now, I believe, and 4 pieces have already fallen off. The directions were pretty bad so I had to guess how to put the hands together. Not sure if I did it wrong but the hands were very loose and sometimes wouldn't move up (from between 6 and 12).
I love the idea of these and the seller what awesome about replacing mine that came broken but they still break easy and I wouldn't recommend putting them in the dishwasher
Did not hold up well. With 10 magazines the side fell off. I am putting it back together with super glue will wait to see how it hold up.
Collects dog hair and spots show up easily. However, made sturdy, love the abstract colors, it's nonslip and looks great in the kids room.
Did not fit my queen bed. Go up a size!!!
It works but the dark blue shows everything. And it slides around a lot. And the white things pop out all the time
I lile this product, my complaint is the packing. Rolled up in a tube too small and this produced a lot of wrinkling of the sheets. If they get the shipping and packing corrected no reason not to give it 5 star rating.
You should be able to light the bag and it stays lit but not always the case. Just keep an extra candle lighter around and be prepared to relight it if need be. I don't know why the review asks for the flavor. Don't eat this log.
These are beautiful frames, but the innermost layer is very weak. In attempting to put my picture and a mat in the inner portion just broke away. I had to reglue it before it was useable.
They were smaller and a bit stiffer than I wanted but I'm still using them. Better than what I had.
when I received the package may of the leaves were pressed down so much and sticking together it was hard for me to use them for the project I had intended to-
Not my favorite pillow... have purchased a few temperpedic pillows over the years. Some nights I'm happy with it, some mornings I wake up in pain.
They aren't bad! However, the spray paint job on them could be better - it's blotchy?
Not as sturdy as I would prefer. One broke right away, another after several months passed.
Not the best but they smell okay
Overall, it's a decent photo box. However, I was expecting a dark green and the item I received is very light and bright. I'd describe it as a clover green.
A lot of the spaces are missing numbers. Not little spaces, but big spaces.
These look nice, but some of the fans were poorly made (frayed edges). Not much more to be expected for the price, though.
I was sure about ordering this but it's very soft. I thought it would be thicker but the material is very soft and comfortable.
I received the pliers around Feb 5, 2018 and they worked fine. When I used them today I noticed there were black marks on my hand. I used a wet paper towel to try to get the black off the pliers. The black was coming from between the nylon heads as well as the open areas of the pliers. The left plastic dipped handle came off as well. Not sure what the black marks are from but any open area had black on it. I would like to have the pliers replaced since they are defective but since I received the pliers in February I can't find out who to request a replacement from.
The fitted sheet doesn't really stay on very well which is a bit annoying. Design is great, and the feel is alright. They are relatively inexpensive, so I guess that also plays into the fit.
Three of them were already broken when they arrived. For the price, it was too much of a hassle to return them. They have a weak point between where the metal and the velvet meet that will break ( in shipping, when you drop them on the floor, if you put clothes on too hard). Overall not impressed with this amazon product.
I kept them, but they are too big for 26" x 26" pillows. There are several inches all around that is just loose material
looks better in picture. The design is original, but I wish the materials were better. looks cheap.
i was a little disappointed how small it is description saying big it's not
color didnt match but does work to fill chipped areas. drys mat in some areas
First off, the set looked AMAZING on My king sized bed. It was beautiful. Comforter is lightweight but not too thin. I love it. The reason why I give this 3 stars is because after the FIRST wash, the cotton inside was all messed up and uneven. There is too much cotton in Some parts and no cotton in other parts. I don't kno how to fix and too late to return. I wish the quality was better because it matched my room perfectly.
Beautiful, but a little darker than some of the pics made it look.
I like the humidifier, but I got a defective model so it runs only on a very low output setting. The company did immediately refund my purchase price so the customer service would get 5 stars from me. Had it worked as it is supposed to I'd be very satisfied with it. Fairly quiet operation and good mist output even at the low setting.
I will probably keep this but the one I got is white wood, not gray like the picture shows.
when it came it was in a very small box, and very flat it would have impossible for me to use it . I've had it for a few weeks now ad I think now safe to use
most of them are nice but i order it for the hexagon mold and didint come with it...and all the mold for long crystal shape like the cylinder, triangle...etc there were not shiny. and the sphere mold came with a torn....so I was disappointed...
Havent noticed much change in my hair with pulling verses a normal pillow case, but these pillow cases do NOT breath. At night you will get very hot if you run hot already. I should have known...
This is a DARLING cover! The tassels are sadly not the most durable. Wouldn't recommend if you have kids/pets.
Over priced, good customer service
These are beautiful, realistic, fairly easy on battery life, responsive to the sold-separately remotes, and while I'm not a huge fan of the vanilla scent, it isn't awful nor overly chemical. The reason I haven't given this a candle a higher review is that they aren't well-made. For $30, I expect a product that won't fall apart under regular use. In almost every one of the Luminara candles I've purchased, the battery cover at the bottom has broken to where I need to use tape to hold it together so that the battery connections will make contact and allow the candle to illuminate. Each candle also has an outside wax sheath that covers the cylinder holding the working parts of the candle. In about half of the Luminara candles I've purchased, the wax sheath has come loose from the internal cylinder, causing the cylinder to crash to the floor when the candle is picked up. I don't pick the candles up other than to replace batteries for occasional cleaning, so I don't think the candles are coming apart due to handling. They should be up to being picked up and put down a few times. The good news is that despite some crashes, the candles still work once I reassemble them. However, the craftsmanship of these candle has room for improvement.
Basically an oversized laminated piece of paper. Cute, but slides a lot on our wood table.
Posters are amazing quality! I bought the right size frames but upon framing them they are about .5 inches to short for the frame so that was disappointing but they are for my sons room so they won't care! I would give five stars if they would have cut them right!
I love them - however they do not last very long and I don't leave them on for long periods of time. Had to replace batteries in three sets and haven't had them very long. But they are very cool in my antique lanterns if they would just last a little longer
The five that work are great. They look nice in the garden in the jars. One of the strings did not work however. Didn't want to return them all so living with the five.
Beware these are not the size that are in the picture.. They say they are light blocking but they really aren't that dark. I have some I bought from target and they do not let any light in! These aren't worth the money!
While trying to fluff it out, sprigs of evergreen fell out .. and at that, it couldn't be fluffed as much as I'd have liked! Required adding more decoration as well as something more substantial to hang it from! Good news was, I've made it through most of the season having replaced the batteries only once. Timer works well.
These sort of work. If they leave them in my shoes for a few days, but they haven't lived up to the hype. Maybe it's me.
a couple of them fell off within a few weeks, but the rest have stayed on so far. they're actually much smaller than i anticipated them to be, and the picture/description doesn't make it extremely obvious that half of them will come with a teeny hook,while the other half will come with a more average sized look (look closely at the photo). however, its worth the price its cheap i guess, but the white larger hook hangers (that are more expensive) definitely do the job better.
THE STRIPS THAT I WAS MOSTLY INTERESTED IN WERE THE ANIMAL PRINT ONES, THOSE WERE THERE. BUT MANY OF THE OTHER STRIPS WERE NOT THE ONES PICTURED. THE FABRIC IS GOOD QUALITY, AND WERE CUT NICELY BUT I WOULD HAVE BEEN UPSET IF THE ANIMAL PRINTS WERE MISSING.
I purchased two of these for my home. The reason I'm giving 3 stars is because they make too much noise. So they are great as long as you don't want to be in the same room or you have music or tv to cover up the constant humming sound. I wouldn't recommend these for anyone wanting to place them a quiet tranquil location just to loud. They do hold a lot of water so they will run for a long while. But, one of the reasons I wanted them was to put in the bedroom at night which I can't do.
Mine worked just fine at first, its been almost two months and my spinners stopped working and now my vaccum does not work very good. I live in a small apartment so I don't understand why they would malfunction
These sponges don't fit on the handle well. They slip off constantly.
Much smaller than previous body pillow for our granddaughter. Sent it back and customer service was immediately responsive.
The size and quality of the artificial plant was not as expected. The stems look very false and some of them were broken. One of the corner pieces on the base were also broken. And almost half of the Styrofoam holding the piece in its place is missing as well. I have another one being delivered tomorrow and I will see what shape that one is in for returning anything. I have a feeling that the damage occurred while packaging the product not during shipment.
Items received with some damage.
I bout these to organize clothes in my kid's drawers. These are okay. One broke right away when I tried to use it. The others are rather short and don't come close to the top of the drawer. I ended up doubling them up to keep clothes separated. In the future I will try another brand.
The bed frame we used these for had wheels. The wheel well is to shallow. The bed kept rolling out.
This cover looked good and was easy to clean. It took a few weeks for the wrinkles to drop out and there was an odor for a few days. But the reason for the three stars is that it tore when we slid an Iced tea pitcher a few inches. The cover that this one replaced lasted more than 10 years with similar use. This one is out in 6 months. Be careful or get a heavier duty cover.
Nice looking but comes out of dryer wrinkled.
This little unit works okay for a desk top if it is aimed right at you. I do like the slight misting feature. It does not get my desk or anything wet, like others that put out too much water.
This thing doesn't even have a rechargeable battery in it. It is cute and does work so I gave it three stars but the quality leaves a lot to be desired for the price I paid for it. I see it has since been marked down eight dollars.
The box itself is great. The scoop on the other hand is away. The handle bends every time I scoop detergent.
It's not really easy to install it and mirror parts came cracked and broken but still is a stylish look and matching good with my stuff for the low cost wall clock.
The design feels cheap and it's not accurate with the one on the big bang theory.
Great price but not very durable for someone who crochets daily.
needs to be in english not chinese .holder wont go together and to small just guessing were settings are.
Very cute acrylic makeup bin however, one of the long drawers does not slide in and out without pulling out the other drawer. Maybe I got a defective one. Would have rated higher if drawer worked properly.
Exactly what I was looking for but they arrived slightly bent up. Had to straighten them out.
The ballerinas are cute and could serve very well the purpose for which we need them. Except the fact that the legs of the white one are broken. I am trying to fix them but... I am a bit disappointed. By the way the ballerina was wrapped... I assume they were broken before shipping... :( The pic shows how I am trying to support the object while waiting for the glue to become hard and hopefully keep everything together.
Actual blanket seems ok. I bought the 15 lb. only had it a short time so don't know on durability. I have fibromyalgia and my shoulders are pretty worn out. I have noticed since I purchased it that my legs ache a lot during the night. Removing the blanket from my legs seems to help. Pulling it up to cover my shoulders is painful for me due to my shoulders. Love it on my feet. First time in years my feet stay toasty. My husband seems to like it. He complains it's too hot for him sometimes.
The fabric can be flawed, frayed and snagged. I ordered mine early but didn't open them until my event. Was disappointed at the quality control. Fortunately I was able to work around the flaws. If you're looking for quality for a nice event might want to look further. If its only a so-so need then these would probably work.
Liked color & fabric texture. Did not like that it should washed in cold water.
It is about the same as any out there .
The description shows that the pill head to zipper with two zippers to remove cover the description was different than when I got so I returned
Didn't work well for pet stains on cream microfiber couch
The cat is cute. I had to return the first one because the lights stopped working by the time the person got the gift. I got exchanged with no problems and second one so far so good.
It keeps falling apart. not very sturdy.
Tougher to cut than I thought
This is a cheap plastic storage bag. I wish it has some kind of reinforcement to make it sturdier. I ended up cutting up a cardboard box to reinforce it myself. The color is accurate and it does it's job.
CAUTION: These hangers will only work for people with small body frames. While the front-to-back width is fine, the side-to-side stops way short of my other hangers, which causes a bulge-crease in my shirts. Otherwise, these hangers are fine.
too expensive for what it is. not dense enough
Too smal but look nice didn't like the gif we don't need a Cross necklace.
Made cheapily but works pretty well. Doubt the longevity will be great based on the build quality but what can you expect for a $15 garment steamer. Also, water reservoir is small. Took me 2 refills to dewrinkle a dressing gown.
These started out great. It took a little practice to dilute soap correctly to make the foam feature work. After 2 weeks of daily use all of The pumps get stuck when you push them down. Unfortunately I'm searching for replacements.
Is a cardboard box with cardboard hearts looks cheep ,,, will work but certainly not near as nice as pictured...
Cheap is an understatement. This kit of attachments is CHEAP. But, I've been able to use them as intended. They don't fit my Shark Rotator as well as I had hoped, but with the adapters in the kit, I am able to use most of the attachments.
Came a little bent and didn't look important enough to return, but once hung, realized it will never be level so it opens crookedly. A bit flimsy (otherwise it wouldn't have bent!) but still gets the job done.
I LOVE the look and feel of this comforter, unfortunately it ripped on the first day on the very first wash. I've had it now for about a month and it has ripped again on another seam. I would love to give it 5 stars because it's is so soft and comfortable, but for the price I paid I was expecting a longer lasting comforter. So disappointed!
I love the product but unfortunately it's not heavy enough to hold open the door we wanted it to hold open which has a spring close (like a screen door would close on its own but that's how our garage door is to enter the house) It works great to hold open other doors that don't have a spring hinge.
This was a reasonable price, but the comforter is already showing wear after just a few months. Also, I purchased a queen-sized comforter and it is smaller than other Queen comforters I have owned. The price for value is definitely okay, but I will just spend a little more on my next comforter.
At first this was the best duvet cover we have used. The fabric is extremely comfortable. I don't like sleeping with a top sheet and this cover feels great. It holds the comforter in place inside it extremely well. Other covers we have had let the comforter slide around inside it leaving a big ball of comforter after a couple of days. This one almost clings to the comforter and works great. Now the bad. The zipper has split. We have been using the cover for about a month. A couple nights ago I noticed the zipper was wide open. When I tried to zip it shut I realized that the zipper was no longer together. I had to take away 2 stars for the durability. I plan on taking it to a dry cleaner to have the zipper repaired, just a shame that it didn't hold up longer.
I really liked the fireplace but the rocks and or wood need to placed inside. I did not have an issue with a little bit of work but the issue is the touch buttons on the bottom right. They are on springs and when the glass was removed the springs popped out! After a bit of frustration I was able to get the springs in place and working.
was to big for my king bed
I just got it so its really too soon to judge the durability. I would not call this fleece. More like a cheap flannel. It came soon enough and its too close to Christmas to send it back. I saw some at walmart that looked much better for about $10.00 less that were actually fleece.
I like to really soak my watercolor paper, so it's a problem for me that this paper pills up pretty easily. It also buckles. Kind of a bummer, because I like that these journals come in so many different sizes and layouts.
Its so BIG!!!!! AND SOFT!!! But the stitching is low quality not even 2 days and edges started to come off 😞
Two showed up broken
I've had these towels since Jan 2017. I am a massage therapist and Esthetician so these have gotten alot of use. I use them mainly for facials and have found over the last two years that they get a bit rough. I would buy more but, if you're looking for something a bit softer or thicker. These aren't the towels you want. My clients haven't complained but I can tell they feel a bit rough now and am on the lookout for a softer, plusher towel especially when dealing with the delicate skin on the face. I know some folks follow the 'beauty is pain model' but I'm also wondering if it may be too rough for the hot towel I use on clients backs to finish the massage. No complaints... Yet, but when people come to relax I'm sure they don't want to be scratched by the towels that is supposed to be delivering a level of comfort. But they last a long time and haven't fallen apart or anything.
I bought this set to display my owl collection. I went to add more to a shelf yesterday and there was sawdust all over it!! Checked everywhere the house doesn't have termites and only 1 box has this issue! Theres clearly been bugs eating away at the wood so sad i love these but now I cant put anything on it i dont trust it will stay together! Update customer service is giving me a full refund and a whole new set to make it right and replace my broken set.
The product itself got the job done. However there were flaws. It's not very durable. The presser foot kept popping off. I would have to reattach it over and over. My recommendation is to buy the walking foot directly from the company that made your sewing machine.
what I love: its green; I FINALLY can set a clock with military time that's not my phone; what I hate: even on the dimmest setting, it is super bright so if you don't want your room lit up like a christmas tree, this is NOT for you; the volume is super low and there is no way to adjust it so it is useless for its purpose for me, an alarm clock. The first night, I thought maybe I just slept thru it (I keep an alarm across the room too thankfully). But after setting it to go off at the current time, that's when I realized I just flat didn't hear it. If I had paid any more (same as I would have paid for any other clock) I most definitely would be returning it
Falls apart quickly. Good for a household with a dishwasher as a environmentally responsible option. Not a good option for heavy use hand washing. Will not buy again.
There is nothing special of this rug. Don't get me wrong it's nice in the sense that it does its job, but I like the soft 'memory foam' bath mats better.
I bought two of these. Unfortunately one didn't work. It was probably the sensor, I don't know. Good thing is one did. Very pleased with it. I notice that it does get corrosion very quickly.
They were plastic and very light weight.... not good for outside but looked nice inside
Did not like the finished look on the chair.
The pillows look and feel great and I would give a 5 star for that; however, the red pillows turned my cream colored couch pink! I thankfully was able to wash the cushions, but the couch base may end up permanently pink. I even washed the pillow cases thinking that may have been the issue and it still turned my couch pink. Probably wouldn't matter to someone with a darker couch, but beware if you plan on purchasing these for a light couch!
You get what you pay for. This is a very cheaply made frame. It felt like it was going to fall apart as I was putting my pictures in it. It looks super cute on the wall though!
soft but the ruffles on the pillow cases were dark purple and the rest of the pillow case was a light grey?
These seem to be the highest rated budget pick, but you're really getting what you pay for here. Most of the hangers were incompletely sanded and have pretty obvious splintering areas.
Overall it's pretty good so far but far from the puffy filled to the brim looking picture for the product. each individual pocket has fiberfill in it and it's like one of those cheap pillows that shift material so that you have to physically move it back into position. If it were filled to the brim as they say I would have to do this. It's like fill for a queen pillow going into a king size pillow case.
This is the 2nd one of these I have purchased. They both leak which is to bad.Sorry
It's very cute but is more sheer than expected and the sewing wasn't straight. You can see it in the picture.
This is going to be a gift. When I opened it the colors were dull, faded looking. Not bright orange and not bright yellow. I'm stuck. No other option but to give it as a gift. I feel like I would owe them an apology when they open it.
The color was good but, I didn't care for how it spreader. It seemed too stiff.
Even with the adapters it doesn't fit the hose on my Bissell vacuum without modifying it myself. After adding enough duck tape to get it to fit ... it worked well for vacuuming out silverware drawers, the furnace grate, and the pellet stove hopper. Just make sure your vacuum is on the list.
Okay, so! This was a lightning deal for eighty-five bucks. First one received was damaged on the door frame. The top has bumps in paint ( rough surface). Request return/replacement for same one. Second one received was even more defective. Rough paint surface around door frame. Very bruised / damaged box. We ended up keeping the original and sending the second back due to it having more damage. We tried to see if three times a charm but Amazon said since this wasn't an item marked at lightning deal price by them or a item sold buy them they cannot provide a third replacement because they don't hold enough in the warehouse. Looks nice up against the wall. Not heavy. Light is nice. For the price 3 AAA should have been included. Good stuff - if you get the right box.
Smaller than expected but good for the price. The color arent opaque as wanted ( see picture ) even with the less water i can. Yellow and pink have serious problem Not for pro But the glitter one is a good idea 2 white and 2 black are always a good point Fast shipping for France Thanks
for the mony it's ok, but two are really the same, just one has beads and the other does not. I wont return but I wouldn't buy it again.
It did help keep drains clear. But very messy and difficult to clean . Tub fills up with one shower .
It looked good when new. It heats well. Controls are good. But after extended use, the white side and the red side separated. Still stiched together all around the edges but loose in the middle. The worst feature is that it is clingy and sticks to the sheets and comforter. Still heats well and serves the purpose but I have bought several Sunbeam blankets and never experienced these problems but they don't last as long.
Super soft, warm and cozy to use. However the quality isn't really there. It snags pretty easily, so now it looks a bit silly when I make my bed. I still really like the blanket, it just stops looking as nice pretty fast. I haven't tried washing it yet, I'm a little scared to tbh.
I really liked the sheets when we first got them. Warning! If you get anything on these sheets you will NOT be able to get it out. It doesn't matter how many times you wash it how much stain remover you use... it will not come out.
Doesn't completely fit properly.
The colors were very subdued compared to the picture shown. I'm not happy with it.
Purchased these as a gift. I was confused when I realized my rocks were grey/blue. Turns out they looked better on the shelf they were intended for regardless.
I felt it was made of cheap wood, but it was still a strong puzzle box
Little stiffer then expected.
My kids use these. They find that setting the alarm accurately is difficult--you kind of have to assume a 15-minute window around where you think you have set it.
It is very soft but the amount of lint in my room is unreal.
Have been wanting one of these for so long. It is "okay" but teeters a bit in my cabinet
I was looking for something to help organize near the tub because I have very little space on the sides of the tub. It's been great in general but has fallen off multiple times despite no excess weight. I have 5 in total. 3 have fallen off intermittently and the other 2 have had no issues despite being secured to the same surfaces and carrying approximately the same weight. When they're up they make the bathroom look great but I wouldn't put anything that can break easily on them.
these were like dollar store quality but I only needed a few flowers for a theatrical play so no big deal
Five stars for looks and quality - it's nice steel, well made, with hooks that don't threaten to drop your clothes when you open a door. That said... it's not very wide (to be fair, the specs are accurate - but it's smaller than most of the competitors), and the mollies/wall anchors are awful (use your own - if you put things into wallboard, you must have a few lying around). But mostly... WHY AREN'T THE HOLES ON 16" CENTERS? If you're making these for the US/Canada market, the holes need to be 16" apart so that we can attach these to beams rather than wallboard.
Ok product but it move out of place way to easy needs some kind of pad strip to stop it from moving
A lot smaller than it looks
A little rough but pretty
Product is smaller than I expected. It arrived with no packaging and the halogen bulb was loose in the shipping box and was clanking around free. Unsurprisingly it was broken. Sending it back, also dosnt look like it would be powerful enough to melt a large yankee candle once the wax got towards the middle or bottom.
Open and close of blind did not work for very long. 5 months. then quit opening and closing. cogs kept slipping
I wasn't able to drill it in the tombstone
The crystal is really pretty, and the carousel itself is nice, but the shape of the horses are too weird. They're long like a hot dog and have an elephant trunk looking like nose. Unfortunately will need to return.
smelled like fish and annoying to separate but they were fine for the price
I would probably give these 31/2 stars. They are not that well made but they will serve their purpose. I travel a lot in the Middle East & Asia. In many hotels, hangers are not provided. These will be useful and serve their purpose
Sooo this is much smaller then I anticipated. Also the wood seems kinda cheap hence my only 3 stars. It's very stylish and I love how it looks in our sons nursery for little items but honestly I wish it was more durable shelving so I can place something heavier on it.
Did not work well for E6000 application
It is a great looking lamp. The diffuse aspect is wonderful. The one fatal flaw is the buttons which activate the lamp and diffuser become unresponsive over time making the practical life of the lamp relatively short.
VERY QUIET!!!! my daughter is only 5 and loves her clock but its reallly quiet
Looks odd. ;) It works.
One of the mop heads was torn on the side.
I have used a lot of vinyl. This was terrible to weed and easily tore. We will not be purchasing this brand again.
I had ordered another brand from Amazon and ended up letting my daughter have it. I ordered this as a replacement and it doesn't work as well.
These sheets were thin not like a heavy flannel. But, I really liked the design pattern.
Watch out for the colors. I was expecting muted colors but the yellow and blue are bright so didn't match the other pillows I had.
It came off after a couple of washes
Love the product! The only issue that I have is I received a bronze tissue box holder instead of the metal one.
Product is well-made and comfortable.
Kind of small. For our office though. Fits well with our white tree. Does the trick. Doesn't seem like very good material and that it could rip in a few years but works just fine for us right now. If you are looking for something but nothing fancy, you might like this. Isn't soft or anything though.
The candles were nice and simple but a handful of the votives were broken inside the box.
Made to hold a variety of items!
I was hoping this pillow would be heavier and fuller. It is too airy and light for me.
I love the product, the only problem I have is how they are shipped. They come in a bag and should actually be shipped in a box. I can still use the product, they're just a mess when I receive them because the inserted bag is usually busted and rolling around in the outer package, some of the tins are twisted, bent, etc...
The fit was great. I like the feel of the material. The only problem I had with this product is that it is loud when you move around on it at night.
The is thick and very easy to work with. However it is not copper colored on the outside. In my case I wanted copper facing outside the house to match the colors of the exterior. This product is silver outside and copper inside. It will not work for me.
Arrived with an indent on the side :(
Unfortunately, spices come in a variety of sizes and these only work for short containers. I installed these on a cabinet door (shorter screws) and I have to lean taller containers backwards to keep them from flipping out.
Our beds may be too cushiony - but it doesn't hold our beds together very well, and it makes it have a whole in the middle - we have a very old house and the doorways don't allow beds larger than a full through them so we had to improvise and we got two twins to make a king size bed in our bedroom, with this we might as well have the beds separated because they feel that way anyway. I have to purchase another form to put in the middle to make it have less of a separation.
The color and look is just what I needed to complete my curtains. I was worried that the purple would not be the color that I needed but it turned out to be just right. The material is not that great.
Decent quality, pretty soft, just WAAAYYY brighter yellow than I thought. I thought it would be a buttery pale yellow, and it is super bright and looks like it's for a kid maybe.
SO BIG, too big. This was never going back into the tiny bag, also, I am short and this felt huge on my neck.
Works great, but will not stay in the extended position. Constantly has to be tightened.
Works, but it shrunk after I washed it. So now, it's a few inches too short and is clearly stretched. If I wasn't supposed to wash it, I didn't know, but I had to as the material had a strong smell.
I bought it to use on adjustable split king bed. It did fit but would have had to use bedskirt pins. I decided it wasn't what I need right now. Will keep it in case I later decide to use it
I've had this for about 2 weeks and the rubber is already coming off. It's cracked and peeling so I might as well just use regular pliers to flatten my key fobs. Great idea but bad design on the rubber part.
I was expecting more of a variety in shades but it is only eight. I suggest just buying the 54 pack because these aren't specific to this pack. It's just different preexisting colors
The screw driver you need is very tiny and thin. We didn't have one so I couldn't use it right away. There are about 4 tiny screws you need to undo to put the batteries in. The fan works well but I wish it wasn't so hard to get the batteries in.
It's okay does the job quality it's not there
Does not stick well to textured shower floor and the stone pattern hurts my feet. It does prevent me from slipping through. Disappointed. :(
Really small balls could be used as a filler
Meh, it's nice but pattern is not my favorite.
Slips around wile soaking in tub. Constantly have to keep readjusting pillow
I ordered Sargent pencils for the vibrant colors. That doesn't disappoint but the fact that the color names are not on the pencils does. I'm trying to match the pencils to the tiny swatches on the back of the packing and label them myself. How annoying--this is practically impossible.
Unfortunately I didn't get all of the product. I was missing one of the shelves. The packaging had been damaged. So it may not have even been their fault. The quality of wood was pretty great. Although I did not know that it was going to have plastic connectors. Didn't look like it would be too bad. You do get what you pay for. It's not the most grand shelf. But it will do its job. If you get all the pieces at least. Unfortunately I did not. So I will be returning. And looking for another shelf.
Soy wax is soft and soluble and to trace in silk run and make a mess thick lines
Kinda floppy and too large.
a little on the flimsy side
Not much power or flexibility
This looks good, but is so lightweight it's not warm enough. I thought it was down alternative thinking it was warm. We've needed to pile on blankets on top of it.
Would not stay on boots. Finally duck taped them on...Will see at next wearing if this works.Falling no option at age 83.
I love this product, bought it in black. I gave this one a 3/5 because it's not really the light beige as shown, is more of a yellow/beige.
It's fine for the price. Took a million years to get here and it's not great.
Effective as a diffuser. The pressure sensitive buttons are very sensitive and easy to push if you are moving the unit while it is plugged in. A major negative for me is that it beeps when you plug it in, and every time a button is pushed.
I loved this blanket for the first few weeks. It was soft, warm, and it had a good size; however, after 3 or 4 washes a lot of fluff started to come off the blanket, it would cover my bed sheets, pillows, and even my clothes with fluff. I guess it was due to quality. I would recommend to buy it only if you want to use it for one winter season, because it will not last longer, at least not for me.
It works as it supposes too but I wouldn't buy again. It's difficult to put together.
The material did not hand right
The only problem with this was that it did not have a stand as it shows in the picture.
These are an okay quality for Chenille needles. The eye is a good size and the needles are sharp enough to be easy to use. I did notice that there were some rough edges however that I had to file down.
Very nice table cloth although it shifts around a lot on the table
This is a mixed review, because I've ordered two of these, and the quality of the material for the liner was drastically different between them. In both cases, the proofing basket itself has been the same. Light weight, sturdy... no problems there at all. However, the first proofing basket had a thick, heavy duty liner. Dough did not stick to it, it could be washed without fear. I liked it so much that I bought a second basket. The second basket arrived and the liner that it came with was totally different. Thinner than most t-shirt fabric, elastic that barely had any spring to it... and the first time I put some well-floured dough in it, it became so stuck that I was having to try and scrape the dough off. Large amounts of it got stuck to the fabric and even after repeated washings, it has never come fully off. There was only a couple of months time between these purchases, so I'm not sure if the difference in quality was due to some cost saving measure by the manufacturer, or if it was simply a variation over two production runs. Either way, you're taking your chances with this product and I can't fully recommend it.
Not as big as i expected.
Feet start pressing into the base so much that the base touches the counter and scratches it -
First of all, I bought these without the expectation that they would compare to copic markers. At the price point, its just not possible. The quality of these markers is about average. They produce a lot of ink on the first coat and makes it harder to go back in a darken areas. They are also meant for heavy duty paper, as the copious amounts of ink will bleed through almost anything. A lot of the colors are just repeats labeled under a hue lower or higher, and not true color match to their caps. Nevertheless these markers come in enough colors for you to experiment and have fun with. Markers are great for small projects and practice drawing sessions. If you are new to using alcohol markers, these are a great value for what they are, just don't buy if you are expecting perfection out of them.
I fine that these needles do not stay threaded as I had hoped, (may be me not knowing how to use them). It seems simple enough to thread them. Quality seems ok.
Not as fragrant as previous one. Also wax pools too rapidly.
Love the color and texture for making kitchen scrubbers. The thread is difficult to work with due to size and nubbies.
These rugs are very different than anything else I have had for bathroom rugs. The memory foam almost completely compresses when I step on it. That has two effects. I have minimal cushioning and my feet/shoes sink into 1/2-inch depressions. I think my old normal rugs gave better cushioning. They certainly did not have nearly as much of an impression. The impression persists for several seconds, so if you move your feet, there is a very uneven feel to the rug surface. It is hard to describe the feel of these rugs, but they tend to be at the extremes for good and bad in my opinion. I cannot speak to quality and durability, but the tag claims you can machine wash the rugs. I take that with a big grain of salt becasue I ahve yet to see other memory foam products that make that claim, and most explicitly state dry clean only or not to machine wash at home.
I am a side sleeper that sleeps on a memory foam bed and in recent years have had a bit of pressure and pain on my glutes that causes cramping. Sleeping with a pillow between my legs has helped so I decided to try this pillow. It is a nicely made pillow but it was just too wide for me. It may work better for someone taller and maybe with heavier legs like a man, but just did not work for me. I will give it away to a friend.
It requires a lip on the top of the AC to remain in place
unit works but it has serius leaks issues, its very hot water so got to be extremely careful to turn it off if it begins to sputter and leak
Works ok on laminate floor. Not sure it works any better than pine sol which costs half the prive.
Loved the product, but it stopped working after a few months. Figured it was dead but charging it did not help. I'll be ordering another and really hoping it doesn't break this time.
Okay for the money. Pretty durable and certainly fits a lot of utensils. But after 11 months, the inside of the utensil holder was moldy. I ordered another because I love the bamboo look, not sure why this got moldy and the dish rack itself didn't, but just something to keep an eye on.
Pretty nice clipboard case, but the latches that close this are cheap and they pop off real easy. It's nice, but don't think it'll last very long.
I bought these shelves for my cook books but even though the shelves are “large” they could not support the books properly. They tended to lean out from the wall because of the size. They would probably work fine for regular sized books but I had to return them.
I love how convenient it is to have the remote control. The candles are lovely, however, one of the candles only works for one day, and then I have to replace the batteries. I can't figure out why this happens. Any suggestions? Would it be possible to replace that candle?
Smells great but a bit pricey
This ornament is very well made, with beautiful detail. I would have given a 5 star rating had the ornament been packaged in a beautiful "Old World Christmas" decorative box, as CLEARLY promised by the seller in the description. I wanted to give this as a Christmas gift, and am really disappointed that the box was not included. Ugh!!
not the type of material I was expecting
Comes in a small package but super cute!
Fast delivery. Filter works well at first but quickly runs through its life cycle. Didn't work effectively after first two weeks. Only gave 3 stars because of speed of delivery
The sheets are nice but i thought it came with a comforter set as well. Guess not !
really no difference. should have just got a massage, at least that would have had a happy ending.
3 stats only because it curls off in freezing weather.
Colors aren't as vivid as pictured. Also, wrinkle badly after washing.
I really needed a wider length but that was my error. I will order a wider on when I place my next order for this. What you sent was what I ordered. Thank you. God bless you all always.
This air purifier works well. It circulates the air in our bedroom at low speed without much noise. It is small and lightweight making it easy to move from room to room when necessary. We are happy with our purchase.
I liked the curtains very much. Material and craftsmanship was very nice. However, the color and style of the curtians I chose did not work very well with the window and room. So, I returned them. Otherwise, I would have used them.
Happy with what I got
My friend who I had Amazon send it to said it was pretty with beautiful colors.
Great fan but don't expect 'cold' air. The air is cool but not cold. It does the job well enough to justify not buying an AC, but if you need real cooling power, get an AC as this fan just blows somewhat cool air. But nonetheless great fan. Only issue is that it is a bit wobbly on the stand but if you're not clumsy you won't knock it over.
Was looking to make my shower look more organized. Perfect size and color for my modern shower. Unfortunately the water will accumulate since they didnt put enough holes for the water to flush out. I modified it with my drill and put holes all over the bottom now I dont have a mildew build up.
Pay close attention: you only get one (random) color glitter. I wish there were more pipettes, I use a lot of those. Also, wish there were double if the smaller tiny molds (like the cat shape) for things like earrings. The ring mold is really too small for me (and most people I know) but my kid likes playing with the one and only ring I made. The bangle mold won't go over my wrist (the product it makes won't) but I mostly use it to set extra resin. Glitter sticks to it like CRAZY but glitter sticks to everything. Hard to clean off. It's also difficult to remove anything from the taller skinny molds but still good for the price.
Should work well for anyone with fine line marker needs...Price is good, too! Take Care!
This product is decent, the internal timer doesn't last from year to year and usually just ends up staying on 100% of the time. It looks great in the window, and produces a nice bright light.
It helped cover our two leather rocker chairs from continuing to peel near headrests & leaving residue.
Colors names difficult to read even w/glasses. Shiny. Just saying...
These or ok. Got these to try out as a test. Does very well
Very sturdy Only issues I had were the brass mounting screws. The do snap so I replaced them with sturdy screws. Not a deal breaker at all. I also took a drop of ca glue and glued the round risers onto the main bar. Huge time saver if you are installing solo. It holds the risers in place while you attach the shelf.
not exactly as pictured with white Kirby Logo, mine arrived a yellow color. not sure of difference but belt worked fine
Folds out nicely. Full shape. Very nice
This pillow cover is very cute and well made. My only complaint is that the material is very thin. It will be perfect for what I ordered it for.
This is a nice set for the price. I bought it for our guest room. I marked it down one star because the 2 little decorative pillows were squished when they arrived and despite attempts to fluff them up, they look too flat.
Sheets are soft as hell, there was a pulled thread on one side(pic) super small and not really noticeable but it sucks that it's defective on delivery. Not going to stop me from sleeping on them though.
I'm still pregnant with my baby girl. But the onesie looks just as its pictured online and the fabric is very soft and silky. I'm just a little upset that the head band is a sort of DIY thing. I guess I have to learn to tie a bow lol. Other than that it's perfect and I can't wait to see my little girl wear it.
Came packaged nicely, however it was covered in lint..???? Super comfortable but the lint was rather annoying to remove.
I bought this thinking it was an iron on product for tshirts, but it is for decals. You also need to purchase transfer paper with it. For sticker decals, this is ok, its easier than rolls in certain ways.
I bought the teal color in both twin size and king size. The color is true to the picture - very bright. The twin size came rolled up in it's own container. The king size came vacuum packed and have may have been a return previously. I hope not b/c these are gifts. I did unzip the container and the blanket feels very soft. There is no smell. The price was great. So it is white on the sherpa side and teal on the top side. Now to the sage/green one. Very pale color but otherwise same as above. Again, a gift.
Not as what I thought as the high light pens.But my daughter love them.
I have a King 💤 # bed & it fits perfectly plus color is deep & rich as pictured. I have not washed it yet & I did have to air it out for a slight odor.
Hard to evaluate; I lost a pet and that is what this represents.
good sheets for the price
great craft brushes. a little too absorbent. sucks up most of my mod podge
These are great little rollers, however they were too small for what I needed them for.
Cute, fun and would make a great gift for all ages!
So soft - and such vivid colors! My grandson loves it - his big sister has a mermaid tail that made him just a little bit jealous, so now he's set with this "macho" one! I even got him a soft orange astronaut helmet to wear with it - it's perfect! (Gramma Scores!)
Decent quality, it does what I want/need it to. It will sit in my closet so wasn't looking for or expecting a "show piece", especially at the price. Not great but not horrible either, really about what I expected maybe a little better even for the price. Sure the finish could have been better, but it isn't an $100+ showpiece either. It did include the watch pillows which was nice and wasn't 100% expected also.
Works really well, but months later I still have to pick off little pieces of cotton on me from the towel after drying off.
Exactly what I needed to hang my plates.
Works well for our bathroom counter. We have really tiny counters so this is perfect to keep things organized and out of the way. Easy to clean and very nice to have. I recommend this product.
I like this duvet but it's not for everyone. I chose this one because it claimed to be an all season duvet cover and so far that's held up true for winter, I haven't gotten to test it out in summer yet. I needed something to keep me warm yet be light enough to not cause my fiance to sleep hot, I didn't notice that the covering was 100% polyester and thus he still sleeps hot yet not as much as before. This is the only downside I have found in this duvet so far besides the fact that it doesn't fit properly in the two cal king duvet covers i purchased separately, it's about 4 inches smaller than my covers. But all in all it is a thin duvet that keeps me warm and is soft to the touch so I'm happy with it
Nice pillow covers. Great to put on over your existing pillow to update for the fall. Lightweight and should be easy to clean.
I like how it looks.
Great product easy to install very sturdy
Very soft, and actually has deep pockets. Fabric is thin so will hold off on durability
Bought the set for both specifically for relocation. They are cheap and get the job done, especially a set of 5 can move substantial amount of clothes (3 suits OR 6 dress shirts on hangers in each bag). It was perfect as the moving company provides clothes hanging boxes and I do not want to have the clothes contact them. The problem was that the zipper was fairly weak. I only used the zipper once on all of them, and the zipper on one bag already failed. The material is on the flimsy side as well. For the price it was a great one time temporary use, for something that you will reuse a lot, it'll be better to invest in something with better quality.
Very nice and great quality.
A good value. It's great to have the latches; it's great to see through the tote to see what's inside.
Loooks nice. Soft fabric. Material is just as expected. Well worth the money.
In spite of some reviews, I think this is a decent, lightweight travel case for jewelry. I like the color, zipper and compartments. I was looking for something specifically designed to hold multiple necklaces with thin chains that tangle easily, and something that could handle multiple pairs of dangly earrings. I don't have a ton of rings and heavy bracelets, so I didn't need that kind of storage. This one will work. I just wish could find one that is more artistic (perhaps featuring the art of famous artists, or rock 'n' roll, edgy themes, etc.) and made out of organic cotton/linen or hand-tooled leather (boho) for a decent price. These plastic quilted cases are not exactly my style, and the cloth jewelry rolls don't seem to have the structure or storage I need. Thoughts? Anyone?
They sound very good. I'm quite pleased with the audio quality. The metal machining is also very expensive looking but the edges are a bit sharp. The cord is sturdy and looks like it would last a long time, but I am disappointed in how easily tangled it is. The cord is a bit sticky, so it's harder to just shake out the tangled parts like I would expect from a non tangle cord.
The only problem is that the sides of the bag have to be taped down to the plastic inner section before sliding it into the steel container
Update- The seller contacted me after I had received my refund and sent a new one. Its arrived and isn't too bad, the fur isnt as thick as I would like it to be jut that's okay. One big thing I noticed however is the Packaging was INCREDIBLY different from the first I was sent. This second one came in a fancy zippered bag, while the other was a regular taped close bag. Which was very odd as I'd expect more continuity in companies. When I got this item off my porch the box was SOAKED, not just a little wet, but so wet it was crumbling under my fingers. I still kept some hope, because maybe the fur was in a sealed bag?? It was not, the bag was open ended and filled with water. Normally during rainy and snowy days the packages I receive are wrapped up tight in a bag or other wrap so prevent damage. So I had been feeling comfortable in ordering despite the oncoming snow and not being home. I'll have to change that policy now.
Got several compliments on this.
Today I assembled this unit, there certainly are a lot of parts. Although this isn't a particularly difficult piece to assemble, being sober while putting this one together is a good idea. After it was finished I was quite happy with how tight the fabric shelves are and how solid the finished product is.
Bright sign, looks good by the bar
Very soft and a great price
7 year old niece loved it
well i bought this set for the cloth button and waist extender. they all seem to be made well but, the non-button extender ones are too slim and aren't large enough to allow pants part to hook up to it, least not the pants i tried to use them with.. the button version is fine.
I'm very happy with these rods. The offer the option of also screwing end mount into the window case.
There are clearly many things to like about this air purifier, but "smart" wifi operation is not one of them. The unit fails to setup wifi on my mesh network which supports both 2.4ghz & 5ghz. Customer service has confirmed that the AirMega will not work on my wifi network or any network that uses the same SID for 2.4 & 5ghz. This leaves out my new Eero mesh network, and would have also failed on my prior non-mesh network because it too used the same SID for 2.4 & 5ghz. After reading some of the other complaints by reviewers, it appears that AirMega may be knowingly selling a wifi connected air purifier that does not work on modern common place wifi networks. The published suggested solution of slowing down your entire wifi network by disabling 5ghz is not a viable solution or a workaround in my book. Also, one smaller point is that the air purifier has 4 speed settings. The top two settings are very loud. Other air purifiers I own (BlueAir for example) are reasonably quiet on all except the maximum fan speed setting.
I like the design but it's a little heavy and peeled my wall paper.
They are good but more for decoration rather then using them as an actual mirrors. Some of the pieces are small. The biggest surprise for me was that they are not glued to the wall with like double sided tape. They actually need nails or screws to be put on. So when you put them on the wall, they would not be flat with the wall. They will have a slight angle because of the screw. I am still not sure whats better, tape or screw... maybe actually screw is better.
Purchased for use on the full sized windows in my finished basement, as a transitional window treatment for the early Spring. Winter drapes, while doing the job for the insulation we need in the North Country (usually until June!), feel too dark. These curtains, in a vibrant grass green, being that pop of Spring color plus the insulation needed.
I need this since when I purchased a couch (site unseen) the images made the color look a gray / brown but when it arrived it was brown and clashed with my black entertainment center and grey curtains. Only 4 stars because the black on one of the covers is faded compared to the other.
This mattress protector is okay. There's no cushion or softness in this protector. The material is towel like and the sides are made of really nice silk material. I would recommend this if you're allergic to dust mites.
Bought as a gift. Is beautiful set, seemed well made.
I like the weight and thickness of the curtains.
It does what it's designed to do.
I am very pleased with my purchase. The quality is great. It is a perfect learning tool as well as decorative.
Not sparkling, but my grill was in bad shape. Worked as expected.
Pros: -Good manipulatives to spell out words - consonants in blue, vowels in red - choice of letter y as blue or red (I use blue) - has variation of letter a and g to familiarize students - a good number of letters to use with a small group, differentiated instruction Cons: -Overpriced -Plastic container would have been better with latches and a handle (like the kind used for screws, nails, or jewelry) - Take care to fully close the lid (hear it snap shut) or you'll find your letters spilling out like I did.
Nice reusable cover, but difficult to fit around the heal of his cast due to the large diameter of the cast. Would love to have the choice of a regular size, or extra large.
Pretty flimsy, but does the job.
This doesn't look or feel like an expensive pillow but the price is right. I just needed some stripes to go with more expensive pillows I bought for outside. I tend to use the same pillows and get covers to match the season and this is what I was looking for. I can't say much about the colors because I bought black and white stripes!
There isn't a remote control on this version, very noisy but does give you adequate air
Full set with carrier as a great starter kit.
It's a lot flimsier than I had expected. It's not a product that could withstand much wear. Descent for the price and looks nice. Does not fit the generic 2oz acrylic paint bottles on lower two shelves which is disappointing for me...but also not what it was made for
Good for the money - but you have to use force to get them apart the first time. After that they're great!
Just an ok curtain rod. Easy to install. Lightweight. Thin rods. Rods wall holders are easy to install.
Good hangers for the price. No damage and arrived on time.
Difficult to collapse
Good curtains. Good quality. Color as described. Shuts out light.
Since this is my first pregnancy, I figure I'd buy this pillow to help me sleep as I grow. Saw the high ratings, so I went with this one. The pillow itself is comfy, but it's so massive it's hard to maneuver and get it in a position that's comfortable to sleep in. The one night I did sleep with the pillow, I woke up with my entire side numb from the weight of my arm and the pillow. Think I should've went with a smaller pillow just for my legs and not this huge pillow that wraps around my head and neck. I mainly use it now to prop myself up to watch TV and for quick naps...perhaps when I get further along I'll have more use for it, but for now it's just at the end of our bed like a pet.
It's a little noisy, especially at night
Small but easy to use.
Work better than I expected it to be.
Nice color, very plush.
I like that the product has lots of room for shoes but the way it is supposed to adhere to the door (or wall) is ineffective. The tape included isn't very strong.
This helps me get designs straight.
Thought it was red but was more burgundy
I love it, mostly. Just pulls out or pushes in with ease. And cleans really easy with piece of toilet paper. After having it for awhile now it does seem to wanna lean Instead of staying straight up and down with the sink. It really doesn't effect it so I still like it alot. I have the tub one also and it now leans just like the sink one. Still a great purchase in my opinion.
Nice design with plenty of room for large toilet paper rolls. Like that it has 4 feet so it's less tippy. Only issue is the shipping package had too much room in it. It slid around in the box and bent all the feet. I straightened it out and it looks good now
It looks real. I gave four stars because there were few paint scratches and peel on some of the fruit.
Fits nice and is a nice color, but it already was sticking to my iron as if it couldn't take the heat.
I ordered these hangers when they were on sale here on amazon & I really like them. I was going to order another set but the price increased drastically so I might be looking somewhere else which bummed me out. I used them to make personalized bridesmaids hangers for my wedding. Very easy to write on & decorate.
I bought this slipcover on a flash deal and that extra discount motivated me to purchase. I have to say... I am pleasantly surprised. Fabric is soft & durable. It was pretty easy to install and looks pretty good. My loveseat is pretty small so there was excess fabric I had to creatively conceal. Overall, this is an affordable solution to cover a piece of furniture. Would be great for homes with kids, pet owners, or folks on a budget that want to give their sofa an easy makeover.
Just what I expected. I'd buy it again.
Pattern doesn't seem as bright as pictured but still nice, love the theme.
The pillow is too plump and hard for my comfort
When the mattress pad came it was unzipped in its original plastic packaging. It was dirty. So I washed it and put it on the bed it definitely has a cooling effect to it. because I have a TempurPedic mattress it seems to hold in the heat this. my husband seems to think that it has made a huge difference for him. The fit for the king size mattress was perfect and it washed great?
I am a big fan of sketches of people and faces, but I am honestly quite terrible at mixing different realistic skin tones, especially if its as messy as watercolors. This is great for coloring practice really! And saves a lot of time even if youre a pro
Will never stay connected to WiFi and the app is pretty worthless. 0 times have I logged into the app and it was usable.
These towels are lightweight and dry quickly soft and pretty good quality for the price
Love this shower curtain! It spruced up my bathroom perfectly! Great material and great design. I'm so glad I purchased this!! Thumbs up!!!
nice look and temp seems rather accurate (I'm comparing with my older thermometer). one star off is the display seems a bit busy with all the max and min numbers which i haven't yet figured out what there the numbers relatives to.
nice quality for the price
Purchased this for my daughter. She is pregnant with twin and it really has helped her sleep well through the night.
Very cute towel with vibrant colors. My issue is its not really soft? Disney Store has better quality and cheaper during the summer months. My little girl Love's LOL, got it mainly to make her happy.
Not as full as I expected or as pictured
Happy with the design & quality. The glue was not consistent on the product. Pack had 4 and 1 of them was not good enough to stick. Luckily I only needed 2 so I yet have a spare.
this pillow works out for what its worth
Great ornaments for someone who likes woodland creatures or owls. Bought for sis in law and she really liked them. Giving it four stars only because they are a bit cheap looking. They are plastic and shatterproof. Product was as described and arrived on time.
Got these to Make bath fizzies and they worked great! The only downside is that the little tab that's used to open it back up after you have closed it breaks easily. 3 of them snapped right off.
Plastic pcv but it serves its purpose. Good to have ..
It's a little too big for my loveseat but I do like the how soft the fabric is.
Tree is beautiful and lights are the perfect brightness. Sadly, the first windy day the tree broke off of the base. Specifically, the metal tore above all of the 4 spot welds holding the lower tree's part's metal tube to the base. I solved the problem by creating a new base using 18" long 1/2" black iron pipe to push inside the tree's metal tube, then attached that to a 1/2" black iron pipe flange. This flange was then welded to 4 legs of 2" angle iron, each 15" long. The base is then held down with 2 sandbags.
Mirrors are so clear, and the design is pretty well thought-out. However, there were no pre-drilled holes as described in the instruction sheet, making it rather more difficult than necessary to attach the hangars. I have to assume it was a one-off problem, and ultimately I'm pretty happy with how the mirrors look! There seem to be magnets of something holding the mirror shut when closed. I feel like there should be some visual cue as to which side the mirror opens from, and closes from. When you're opening the mirror, it's a guessing game (is it the magnet holding it shut and I should pull harder, or am I pulling on the wrong side?), and when you're closing the wings, if you guess wrong you put strain on the hinges because they hit the frame.
I am disappointed in my clay for it looks and smells as if covered in mold. Emailed the company and the responded quickly with new clay on the way.
they worked and look really great on my chairs, gave it 4 out of 5 since one of the 4 i ordered wa stained but im returning it and ordering another one. extremely easy to install and changes teh whole look of my little dining room set
Good but it takes practice
The only thing I would change is the size of the mesh filter which has a very small capacity. I have to fill it about three times and then it loses enough heat I have to nuke it because I add half and half. But, I really like this unit a lot.
Very beautiful. The flocking is just lovely. The only problem is the screws in the tree stand do not seem to fit so our tree is a little wobbly if moved.
So far these are nice although I thought the blue would be more navy and it is much lighter. Colors should be corrected on line.
This fan is just okay. It does it's job as a fan and it's a good price, but I feel that it is cheaply made. Mine arrived today and one or the side caps was already broken off. I purchased brand new, however, I may have gotten a slightly used one that broke upon assembly and was sent back without inspection. It doesn't affect the motor or the blade, but it's kind of an eye sore. Guess it's time to pull out the super glue and suck it up.
Like that they are breathable.
Smaller then I thought
The insert is just cardboard and I ended up just taking it out. Hard to fit longer wrapping paper rolls in it, but it helps keep everything organized.
This is a very cool jewelry box. It's smaller than what I have expected, but still have a lot of room for different jewelry items. the good thing about this jewelry box is its organized interior with a lot of option to put your jewelry and the double level box makes it possible to organize the items even better. I'm happy with the purchase.
I do like the product. But it does have a somewhat annoying tick like other reviews say.
love everything about this pillow except the color--the beige had a pinkish hue to to it--not what i was going for--but it is very soft & the fur has movement & sways--just wish it had been a true beige color.
These signs worked great for our baby announcement. Great product
We have a Dyson V10, which is a fantastic product. But this popped up as a lightning deal, so I bought it for a vacation cabin, thinking that if it stank, not much was ventured. Surprising performance. It only has one brush, so that has to do for both smooth surfaces and carpet. It performs almost as well as the Dyson on both, is lighter and easier to maneuver, and has a bit longer run time on a charge. It picks up pet hair quite well. It does tend to accumulate longer hair in the brush, compromising function, but this is fairly easy to remove. For the price, it's superb
This is an excellent dryer for long, dense hair. It will cut your drying time in half. However, if you have medium or fine hair the dryer seems too strong, it doesn't create the lift and volume you get with other dryers. But again, it's excellent for heavy hair.
As well as could be expected for the price. Not the best, not the worst, just right. Pro: Bamboo Con: Not as sturdy as I would like. Can tip a little.
This pillow allows your neck to stay firmly in place (no head bobbing!) and it is super soft, has no odor, and came nicely packaged. I gave it four stars because it was hard to figure out how actually get into the correct position despite step by step directions. The directions need a real life picture of the final position you are trying to get the pillow in.
I wish the bag had a little more padding to protect the light table but other than that everything seems to be in good order and I wish it came with a wall adapter it only comes with the cord
Good quality, super small though. Could be my fault, maybe I over estimated the size of 5oz.
It looks awesome! It's just a bit small but that's to be expected considering the price.
Now that we go everywhere with a cell phone in your pocket, we needed a small cell phone or key shelf in the restroom, and this is perfect, easy to install and easy to use.
If you have a lot of make up or brushes, SKIP. It does not hold many brushes at all and I wish the shelves were a bit deeper/taller so I could fit certain things in easier. I do not want to talk bad about this product at all as it IS made pretty well and does exactly what it says it does, it just doesn't work 100% for me. I use it to hold my "daily" items I use and have a larger box for the rest. Like I said, it is great for light/new make up users.
It works I like that it auto shuts off.
Make sure you know that it's very tiny. The picture is very misleading. ....cute though. Mine was on the light orangy side. Not as orange as I thought it would be, but it is in the "orange" family..... Can be a nice gift.
A little smaller than I expected, but it does a good job at thoroughly cleaning my brushes. Also makes the process go by faster.
Really nice clips. A little tricky to use outdoors on the clothesline as they are a little small and can twist and pop out of your fingers, especially if it is a cool day.
A bunch of leather scraps. I got a couple pretty good size pieces so lots of options to make things out of. This is chrome tan leather so keep that in mind, I didn't know the difference between chrome tan and veg tan when I bought them.
Good size but item arrived chipped/broken. There were bits of glass inside the dish.
Took a while to receive but it's a nice, big towel-like blanket. Good for the beach or meditating on.
I bought this as a gift so I can' t answer all your questions sorry
this paint by number is wonderful! looks exactly like the photo.
This is much prettier in person with a mix of gold and pearls, white and off-white. The problem with this is it's topsy-turvy. We had to cut part of the stand portion because it would just tip over on the top of our tree. With that being said we were able to cut and adjust and make it work .
Arrived on time. Great for adding to slime!
Very nice. It was a little tricky as it didn't come with instructions but I looked at pictures and figured it out. I, too, added more stones as I didn't get many stones with the purchase. However, I purchased some stones at the dollar store and they work great. I am experimenting with different amounts of water as I like the sound of the water trickle.
Easy to hang on door and durable. Perfect for shoes and heels. My only complain is that I wish it had more room for bigger shoes like boots. Other than that I am satisfied with the purchase. Thanks.
This is a nice quality pillow but a little to firm for us. I'm going to open it up and pull some stuffing out to make it work for us.
I like the product and the seller, but they ship with FedEx. FedEx decided to change my address on the package to a place I haven't lived in 7 years. An honest person called me and I was able to go pick it up. My correct address was on there. Still don't understand it. Never had a positive experience with FedEx. The only reason I will not buy from the company again.
These worked very well for storing large blankets.
I have had these on my pillows for about 3 weeks, but have had to hand sew one where stitching did not hold up...they both look like they may need this done in other seams soon.
These are nice sheets, They washed well and didn't really look wrinkled after drying but they do wrinkle once used on the bed like most other sheets. Still a nice set they are soft and have a nice feel to them. They fit my foam mattress good without slipping off. Would recommend.
Nice soft cotton. Love the design of the monster. Nice & colorful. Washes great. I docked a star because my son is only 7 months old & his head is too big already, which makes me think it's the towel. The head flap needs to be quite a bit bigger, because the teeth won't allow for any natural stretch with the cotton. Maybe mine was sewn small, can't say if it's a problem for every towel. It's not a deal breaker for us. It's cute & we will continue to use it.
It arrived on time. It was properly packaged, and appears to be correct. I have not used one yet.
This bridge stays in place fairly quickly well, very soft and seems very durable. My only complaint is wishing it was a bit wider as it can still slip in the crack as my husband and I have separate ergonomic adjustable beds. But overall, I'm very happy with this purchase
good product, took care of my problem
Super cute used it for a dress up business affair got a lot of compliments good value for the money
Soft comfortable. We like cold sheets-percale hard to find! These come close!
It works as advertised. I needed it for a small room addition and it works well.
They look great!! I just slid the covers over my old pillows and zipped them up and now my living room has a whole new look and feel. I love the design and feel of the pillow covers
This was a good product. I ordered it for Easter but it did not arrive on time. It was not the vendor's fault but rather the fault of the shipping company. The vendor accepted my return promptly and easily. I would definitely order from them again.
Little lighter than i expected
Great quality, soft luxurious feel and great for making a room DARK!
Won't buy this brand again
Good color selections. Wish the black elastic strap was neutral color instead of black. Overall it does the job and the color selections
what size cotton refills does it take
Greasy didn't wash out completely
Storage capacity is great! Very well built, seems to be durable overall. The only problem was that it has missing one of the end cap bolt, so I had to go and buy one.
I liked the product, but after receiving it I realized it will not hold up outside so returned. Alto, the boxes came in broken with large holes.
Nice paints take way too long to dry.
This is just what I needed. It arrived on time, without any damage, and very little set up required. I only gave it four stars because the chain and hardware that allows for the movement of the sewing machine height it's self is a bit flimsy and my husband replaced some of it himself to be sure it holds up. It is exactly what I need, it isn't taking up too much room, but has been a great purchase.
Excellent product - very comfortable - suction cups come off after 2nd use.
Very easy to stick to the wall. Almost like a magnet! Also had to take three off during the process to move them. Came off easy. And easily reused
For some reason I had a hard time finding something that will hold both electric toothbrush heads and waterpik heads. These days when both these products are so common in households, I'm surprised it's not easier to find. Luckily this product will hold both electric toothbrush heads(works on every brand of electric toothbrush I've had such as oral b and sonicare) as well as waterpik heads for both myself and my wife. It's very simplistic but could use either a tray underneath or mounting bracket if you want it mounted. This can be easily done with some 3M tape or using a small tray
Since I wear a 101/2 and there are no half sizes after size 10 I had been advised to go for the smaller size because the slippers stretch out. I'm still hoping that happens since my toes hit the end of the toe. They are well-made and warm.
I use this in my closet to hold accessories. The main frame of the unit is solid and easy to move where you need it, but I wouldn't put heavier items in the bins, as they are not made of the strongest material. The unit works well for my purpose and the price is great.
Didn't shed as much as I thought it would, but it did leave faint blue marks around my neck. Overall happy with the purchase.
Very easy to operate. It does throw off quite a bit of heat but I didn't mind that
Nice cabinet for the price.... was very easy to put together by myself. Package came a little beat up but the product inside was fine.
I had to throw away about 10 of them because they ripped so easily but this is a good size for something small and it is black.
They seem to be just what I needed.
It was cute but not as bright as I thought it would be.
Cutting quilt fabric
Does the job. I llike it. I prefer it to the round style much more.
This fan is very powerful, it clips wherever you need it. Would have given it 5 stars, except it was missing some screws. Otherwise it has exceeded my expectations. I love this fan.
I just received it and it seems to be working fine I just haven't had that really hot and humid day yet to really see if it keeps my apartment cool...
I love the look of these and they looked fantastic hung up. However, we decided to return them because they are too shear and don't provide enough privacy.
The towels are very nice. Good construction. Nice fabric. Note! The colors bleed on first wash, which is likely my fault because I didn't use COLD water. (They still look good, a little blue.)
The pillow case, zippable, is wonderful. The first night I used I put my pillowcase on it. It was stuffed and I knew it would too high. However, I used it. My neck ache was worse. I removed three handfuls of the foam the next night. It was better. Removed four more large handfuls that night. Much better next morning. Future buyer: you may have to adjust the amount of filling to suit your needs.
I disliked the Roosters being upside down on one of the placemats. The cushions were all done correctly and I really do like the set, except for the Roosters being upside down. Thank you
The only complaint I have is that the "second cover" is really the only cover and does not attach to the ironing board .
Didn't have it long when it was needed to clean a spot and it worked well. Handy to have, glad we got it.
Bought two of the bronze curtain rods and they are beautiful. This product intrigued me because it looked simple to install which it is very easy however no directions came with either box and had to look them up online. That was the only downfall.
Great price & cut through multiple layers of heavy fabric. I will definitely buy again.
The rock painting Kit is a Christmas gift therefore I won't know the details until after Christmas
the pillow covers are outstanding workmanship . I would recommend to my friends. The fabric is wonderful and i am sure will last a very long time. Thank you for prompt delivery!!!
I previously bought another slip cover that works fine, maybe just as well, but is more confusing because it doesn't have the labeling this one has or the convenient case (I like to flip-flop between covers while one is in the wash). This didn't come with any washing directions, but I believe the product description said it's machine safe. I just use the same instruction that came with my other cover. 4 stars is as high a rating as you can give a slip-cover. Granted, my dog is particularly big, but the cover doesn't stay perfectly in place and the product overall is a glorified fitted sheet.
This is cute, but there is no pillow included. And I haven't found one locally that will fit, so I will have to order one. My daughter loves it
The only think that's a bit concerning is that the ends tend to curl up a little and will not lay flat.
A good product. Works well with foaming soap
Not a bad candle, but I do feel the scent could be stronger. My wife was pleased with it, so I can't complain too much. I did get an email from the seller asking if i was satisfied shortly after it was delivered, that was a nice touch.
Love these bowls This is the second set I have bought. They work great. They are microwave safe.
Pleasantly Surprised! More comfortable than my 4in memory foam! I'm buying another one now for a guest room
At first I thought these were too small. I get slightly larger at the hardware store but found these do work better for my crafting and you get a lot more for the money. I will order these again.
I wanted a tiered basket to display and hold functional and decorative items for the kitchen island - salt and pepper shakers, coasters, napkins, etc - without taking too much island surface space. I also wanted to be able to see everything so the wire grid was very appropriate. Assembly was simple, but insertions were not easy to keep straight with each level; slightly skewed.
It's can be difficult to read.
Very cute. But they do pinch a bit
Looks cute but cheaply made
I used the product as a bathmat in a standard 5 ft. tub. Prevents slipping, seems durable, and inexpensive. If I had time I'd look out for same qualities but something a little more aesthetic, either in the cut of the mat, clever cut-outs, interesting color or design/ print, that for me would go with a standard white tub.
Nice artwork. Mounting brackets are included BUT must be installed. Arrived quickly.
I really love the size of these. They are perfect for my daughter to lay on the floor and color in.
I was looking for a mounting solution for my motorcycle gear, and found this. I bought a Three Pack for My Wife, a Friend, and Myself and the quality is great and it works well for hanging our helmets and riding jackets.
They were a little larger then I anticipated. Works great and easy to use. Necklaces can pull apart easily Rather than fighting with a tiny clasp.
very nice texture but some colors was hard to peel not sure if it was my heart press but the cold did not adhere too well. Love the colors and was fast shipping.
Very easy to adjust the the height and the display area.
To charge up the ash tray you need a very bright light for 45 min so it will glow(more then your phone light) and works as expected.
Looks great. Good quality. Good price compared to others on the internet.
Good product. A little difficult to install but does the job.
Product is an exact match for the OEM part. Have not installed it yet but will soon, so no performance information yet.
Worked for our wedding
The curtain itself is nice and looks great, the holding rings are pretty cheap and flimsy, not to mention don't snap in so retention is a problem, you might want to look into purchasing some quality show rings alongside this.
I love these sheets! It seems I should order king size for my queen size bed but the quality is amazing for the price!
Product is smaller than expected for the price. Very cute tabletop decoration but not for the price.
One of the suction cups will not stick by other than that the product is great
Great curtains! I ordered two and one is about half an in shorter then the other unfortunately. Other than that they look wonderful!
Grandkids and myself had an awesome time with these! Good craft!
This worked well for 4-5 months before something broke internally, it got quite loud and battery life dropped by half. Customer service was helpful and sent a replacement after a brief exchange. The new one works well. I withheld one star due to the first one breaking. Hopefully the second one will last longer. My house is mostly hard surfaces, but with a number of oriental rugs. I was worried about the rugs and their tassels, but it's rarely an issue. Occasionally it will get tangled in a tassel but I can free it without damage to the rug or Eufy. The vacuum works really well and my house is cleaner now than it was before.
I'm glad these are good for the environment and they work okay but they don't work as well as the ones that are cheaper and bad for the environment. Sigh.
Well I just received it today, and have not used it yet, so I cannot say yet about the ease and durability. Will have to update my review after using. It was very nicely packaged and all items in great shape. Worth the money for what I got. I contacted seller because I was not receiving it. He was very helpful! The problem was with Amazon and not the seller. For some reason Amazon lost the processing of my order or the order itself. I contacted them, and the lady told me once she solved the problem she would put a rush 2 day free shipping on the package. Well I got it today, yet I was still charged the standard shipping. Not sure why this order was so complicated? But I do thank the seller for his help and understanding. Very happy with him, not so much with Amazon.
I received my stones and they are Great!! The only issue i have is I didn't receive a fluorite stone, but did get 2 Amethyst stones. But overall satisfied.
Love this rack. Especially in the heat and with summer swim clothes and towels, keeps my front porch free of mess. I use it to dry clothes and also to hang hubby and sons sweaty workout clothes to dry before they go in the laundry. The only reason I gave it 4/5 stars was because on one side, the arm that is supposed to raise for hanging was attached on the wrong side, so it just falls if you put anything on it to hang since it can't rest against the rungs. I tried to see if it could be unscrewed and adjusted to match the other side, but it has odd screws that are double sided. So, I can't use that side for that purpose. But otherwise, it has amazing capacity!!
Unfortunately, I didn't realize how many I ordered. I now have hangars coming out of every closet and will need to donate some the first opportunity I get.
Awesome blanket. Great price. I definitely recommend. Appears as expected. Bright and bold colors. I woukd give five stars, but I will save the extra one for the real top shelf stuff.
you get what you see, I only gave 4 cause the wire had to be adjusted to close earrings but they are very nice, I ordered twice and would order again, thanks , shipping time was reasonable.
I like this, it's just as it looks on line. I wish it was made a little heavier and with stronger materials, but it is very cute. I'm giving it for Christmas and I think the person will like it.
The instructions were solid until the top of the closet. Then they were lacking a way that made understanding the process ridiculously challenging.
These are nice to have however, the edges are very sharp! I used these clips to put a new blanket binding around a baby quilt and when I slipped it off the blanket it sliced through the binding. I also cut my hand and a finger. I hade to sew a patch on the blanket binding.
Nice chair ,good support . Don't like the arm rest they swivel around too much and can't lock in place . Overall very happy with purchase
Nice clock but too complicated for me.
I'm fine with this product at this point
For the price it's a nice Duvet cover. I had hoped it would be a little softer but perhaps with more washings it will be. Also, I'm using it on a split king and it could be a little wider
This comforter is super soft! Only con is that it is very HOT. I burn up at night like crazy.
We always have a blast with these during any public holiday Fireworks displays with our grandkids and any other kids at the parks. As we see other kids come by we offer them to let the balloons fly. Kids have a blast with these and surprised when we offer. The only issue is that these tend to pop a lot. within about 2 hours, we probably had 15 balloons popped. also, some seemed to have smaller openings or are difficult to insert the pump into them. However, still worth fun it provides for all the kids.
Light weight and soft , perfect for summer
works perfectly for small little projects.
A little light but works good
Does the job, but wish it had more padding.
This product is great. I used them to hang up clothes in the closet and they help reduce the appearance of clutter. I like that the hook can be flipped to the smaller or larger size depending on what it's used for. I gave it a 4 overall because the little clear tips come off too easily.
This pillow came vacuum sealed in a tight little bag, as we opened it, it puffed up to a large soft comfortable pilllow, I love the big puffy pillows and sink into them as I sleep. I'm a side sleeper and love the stability it gives my neck. We have animals boyhood cats and dog, I am hoping this pillow helps a lot with the cat hair and sander that my husband is allergic to, guess we will see
This is more like a cover up for getting out of the water than a towel.
Holds a lot of products. Easily customizable. The only annoying thing is that the notches that hold the organizer together, protrude and take up space on the top shelf. Other than that, it is very handy.
Yes I thought the light pad was going to be bigger. That the only problems that I have with this item.
I bought this for my 4 year old nephew for Christmas. His room is farm themed so I thought this would be great. It's not too big so it won't take up a lot of room, but not so small that it doesn't put out enough light. It's made of some sort of silicone or rubbery material so if it gets knocked off it won't break. It doesn't get hot to the touch after it's been on for awhile either. My only complaint is I ordered the "blue" which ended up being more of what I would call a purple, but it's still super cute! It also doesn't come with the outlet plug just the USB cord.
I like the clear bins because you can see thru them and get what ever food item is in it. They are not as sturdy as the bins that come with the frig so I will not put my most heavy condiments or jars in these bins. Nice to have the vegetables that I'm using daily be so accessible and the bin is easy to pull out of the frig.
Blade handle is a little flimsy but all other items are high quality.
Not sure what I expected. It retains a lot of heat. Sometimes wake up sweating.
I love this mini handy converter. It's small and easy to carry. This lightning adapter looks cool with the black color. This is a useful devices for me. It was fairly simple to use and I was able to both charge my phone and plug in my earphones at the same time! My kids super love this lightning hdmi adapter,it's very simple for them to use it. With this converter,they can enjoy 1080P HD big screen from the iPad and share the movies or playing games together on HDTV! Plug and play, no need Wifi or other apps. Everything is perfect! Very pleased with my purchase.
I like this table cloth, I just wish it was a bit more water resistant. It'd make small spills or coffee drips easier to spot clean.
Several sellers have this some in bigger ornament size or slight difference in charm and font. I choose this seller specifically for the font style which is very classy and goes with the movies theme. The only thing I can say that I would have changed was the bell being more finished and tuned to the one in the movie, that would be incredibly impressive and I would pay twice the price for it. Still a beautiful ornament.
4 stars because it looks more like yellow than gold
I like these prima paints a lot but was expecting this one to be a little more vibrant than it is. It's kind of chalky or dull when it dries but it still works great in my art journal or on a canvas.
This basket is fairly delicate but if it's going to be in a shelf or in one spot is unbeatable for the price. It's also a little smaller than I expected but I'm sure it says the dimensions somewhere and I didn't read it well. All in all its really not bad. But
It is really comfortable, but it is HUGE. We have a queen size bed and it takes up half of it. My Husband jokes that now we have separate beds. Very comfortable though.
Much bigger and more cumbersome than expected. It seems like it would work great, though, if you needed to bring a case of wine under a plane. It also seems to be good quality. I haven't used mine and expect to return it because it is so large and would be difficult for me to maneuver.
Very nice, comfortable at a good price.
Good quality but I definitely thought it came with a pillow
Cute, nice light (we already had a similar night light so we wanted something to go in the other child's room), but the eyeballs fell out almost immediately when we started to charge it. We couldn't get it right back in the eye hole and when trying to push it back in, the eye went inside the light. It is a functional light but the little eyes falling off is a concern for me with smaller children who may pick them up and accidentally put it in their mouths.
I had it for about a month and the plastic broke
I like the pattern. Easy enough to work on. But it wasn't 18 inches. More like 16.
Diffuses oils really well but does humidify a bedroom well.
So far this unit works great for chia seeds. The only complaints I have for the unit is the coarse/fine adjust knob is tricky to use so as not to damage the milling cones, which the instructions say will happen if the unit is operated without seeds. But can happen even with seeds, at the start of milling, if the knob is set too fine, before the seeds actually enter the milling cone. The method I use to prevent this, is to set the knob to a coarser setting, then start milling to get the seeds into the mill cone, discard this material. Then start turning to finer settings as the crank is operated. This way, the stainless steel milling cone teeth will never come in contact with each other, thereby damaging them, as the seed material is acting as a barrier. Still, I would recommend this item.
so far it looks good......obviously plastic so lid was a slight challenge to install and doesn't shut tight without lock (keeping it locked for a few days to see if it helps keep it down).....may be a bit pricey for plastic..........will fit in between a table and wall perfectly in our kitchen.....great design for our needs
I was scared to buy towels without feeling them first, but they are soft and comfortable. Love getting out of the shower and wrapping up in one. The only issues is the fuzziness. I've washed them a few times, but still have the issue.
So far so good, only thing I worry about is if it will rust over time.
The product is excellent. The snap closure is tight, and it is amazing how many pills these small boxes will hold. I gave 4 stars because in 2 weeks the printing is rubbing off making it difficult for a user to know what to take. I tried using a sharpie pen to mark the box but even after cleaning lid with alcohol the sharpie mark rubbed off. I am going to try colored duct tape to label AM and see if this will stay on. I did not want to use a sticker because of cleanliness..
Strong scent that helped to remove odor, but the scent was very chemically smelling and doesn't need to burn for very long.
This was an impulse buy but I am so happy to have this candle! It smells great (fresh linen) and seems very high quality. Will purchase again!
Very soft and lightweight comforter that seems to be well made but it is still early. Daughter loves it and I love the price.
Beautiful Christmas lights in time for my seasonal decorating. Might even use them later for decorating my room.
Cheaper to buy from them directly.
Not the best labels but they are CHEAP CHEAP
The clock is well designed and keeps good time.
Very nice set. Perfect for our beach themed room. Material does wrinkle easily so be prepared for it not to stay perfect but overall I'm happy with the quality and style of this bedding
Loved the chair covers. They served their purpose well.
This vinyl takes a while to transfer (of all the vinyl I've bought I have to iron this the longest) but the color is super vibrant on dark material and I love the texture, it doesn't have that weird shine some brands have and is nice and matte looking, like paint
Was perfect for my friend
I really like this quilt! It is lightweight and the print was very pretty.
Granddaughter was happy with this for her pretty bedroom.
Doesn't stay stretched out but does the job.
Fit my door well and the display makes my hats easy to grab
Had an atomic clock for over 10 years, then it stopped working. I like that it has indoor and outdoor temps which are pretty accurate. But was very disappointed that I cannot see the date or day of the week ever from about 2-3 feet away. I did not have that issue with my previous one. I considered returning it, but decided to get a calendar and hang it below the clock so I could see day/date. I also like the moon phases .i took off one star because of the day/date issue. And it's not the size - it's that they are very faint.
Great beginner carving set. I come from a long line of wood workers and wanted to try my hand at it. I ordered this set and was surprised by the quality of the blade and handle. The blade wasn't completely smooth when I bought it but after a few passes on a wet stone and the included strop, it was in good shape. Nice set!
Beautiful pillow cover. Vibrant colors. Excellent price. Extremely slow shipping from China. Took 3 months to arrive.
I loved the slimness of the design, doesnt take up much room on the counter and the different settings for soap dispense works great. Had an issue with the first one, contacted customer service and they sent me a replacement.
Nail quality glitter.... the foam beads will bleed as shown in the pictures the vendor shows... fimo slices are slightly lower quality than i am used to but still very good quality
Glue rolls on pretty good, cardstock holds together once you press it down. Refills are easily installed.
it felt very stiff, which i didn't like. and the seeming on the edges looked very cheap.
This pillow was honestly amazing for helping me (wife) get comfortable when sleeping at nights. It was a bit firm at first, so needing to be broken in for sure. But it helped so that I could sleep all night long finally! One thing I wish was different, the cover it came with was so hard to get on the pillow!
I ordered the grey... and I'm pretty sure I was delivered white because the picture looks nothing like the color I got.. but it's still cute!
Overall I am very pleased with these curtains. The only reason I'm giving them a 4 instead of a 5 is that when light shines through the curtains, it makes the white of the curtains look beige and less bright than appears in the online picture. I was hoping to have the contrast of the stark white against my walls, but when the sun is out the white is more beige and faded.
Looks great but they shift out of place when door is opened.
They're super cute. The oval hoops uhh metal thing or whatever it's called where you hang it from is off center so that will be weird to hang but whatEver
Bought this for my daughter. I love everything about it except the strong odor it has. It had to be washed before I could give it to her.
My granddaughter likes it. I only wish it used smaller yarn because the size yarn that really works the best and makes the nicest items is not easy to find in all stores and the selections are few.
this is a good product and works as advertised.
It took a while to get these but worth it. Have made lots of jewelry with these.
Very good product for the money!
I purchased this board because the one I had was shaky. This is definitely a more stable ironing board and for that I would give it a 5 star but the material and padding on the top are very thin. It would be nice if it had a thicker padding. All in all I would buy it again but i would spend a little more on a thicker pad that doesn't move around.
I picked these Sensor night lights over competitive similar type lights listed on Amazon, because they offer a simple turn on and off. Other brands offered only work in completely darkened rooms. These offer 6 lights in each fixture and are plenty bright. I was so satisfied with the package of 3 units, I immediately order 6 more.
I really do like these pillows. They do remind me of hotel quality pillows. I purchased other pillow cases prevent it from getting too warm through the night.
Works great for light jobs. Suction is OK. Nothing to dance a jig about!
I love this clock. If there's anything I don't like it's setting the darn thing. When you "fall back", you have to manually adjust the hour forward - meaning you have to crank the tiny little wheel 23 times (hours) to adjust it.
The product itself is great. Absolutely no complaints. However, it comes in plastic. I did not notice that in the pictures, although it is as plain as day. So disappointed.
it is too soon to give a accurate review
I wasn't paying any attention about the size, but it is really small. It is a gift for my grandson's 8th grade graduation and he likes it. I may order him something else larger. He likes it.
I'm happy with my order quality is god strong not cheat at all the only thing I didn't realize was it didn't have a corks but I can go to the store to buy one or online ..
Drain stopper is nicely made and works nicely in a tub style shower. Creates a good seal. Easy one push to open and lets water drain. I love the idea of it catching all the hair that normally clogs my shower pipe. I feel it's a good value as it comes with 3 drain stoppers in various colors. The reason why I rate it a 4 is because it's not compatible with a stand up shower drain (see photo).
Not sure how long these will last because our 4 year old grandson moves around in the chair but so far, so good.
It does it job. Good Buy.
These are safe for human use.
Took me a little while to set it up, but it works well. Requires 4 D batteries and there's no option to plug it in, but the battery has lasted long. The projection and light stay on for about 5 seconds when you tap it and when the alarm goes off so it's not too bright.
I'll update after using it for the week.. It's on bed now it's soft for sure.. Update later
Very cute message for kitchen decor, I like it.
works for what it's suppose to do..lol
The pillow case is great other than the black print is not crisp and clean. It has a little blur. My son absolutely love it though!
Love this banner set. Only complaint was that you have to string everything together yourself, and the holes to put the string through were not fully punched through, so that caused a lot of bending in the letters. Still held up for the time needed.
Takes some getting use too but works as described
The product is nice but the labels are terrible. I was able to create my own labels so that's why I'm not giving it 5 stars.
The are as pictured. I haven't run them for more than 4 hours, so can't say how long they last.
Since we don't have a dedicated mud room, our garage is where we store our non-dress shoes that include hiking, biking, running shoes. We had a limited amount of space (about 20 inches) to have a rack so vertical upright is the only way we could make it work. Pros: Great compact rack, easy to assemble, spins easily to get access to shoes, adjustable distance between each tier (great because my husband has size 12 feet, and mine are women's 5) Cons: the paint/coating on the pieces chips/flakes easily, NOT aesthetically pleasing to look at soles of shoes. Overall, we love the rack - it has greatly helped bring sanity & organization to our garage. Shoes are no longer lying all over the garage floor so we can now find them quickly and easily.
This fit very well in our bathroom cupboard in our RV.
Is a cute towel and the kids love them. I personally don't like the texture but I don't use it lol.
nice size, firm good buy
Resourceful + clever space-saving product. Just what I needed to help manage my hanging clothes while steaming + extra storage space. TY
To protect my hair and face while sleeping
This certainly is a great idea, but the hose was too narrow to allow the large globs of lint balls that it was getting a hold of. It was also too flimsy. I took the advice of a few others and taped a wire coat hanger to it so I could guide it better.
was what was ordered
This was a very cute kit. I'm a beginner and I found it relatively easy to use. That said, however, the diagram on the white background floral design was printed very thick and wide and didn't fully disappear after so I had to go back and widen a few of my stitches. I did really love the colors and the way the threads were sorted and color coded.
Does the job for cheap. You get what you pay for. The pattern doesn't imprint in on clothes (which is great). It's nearly impossible to find a square piece so you end up really pounding each piece together. It's hidden in my closet so it does its job.
Wanted to buy one of the new fancy dish drainers. As if it would make washing dishes more fun! None of them fit in one side of my divided sink. Funny, but I had never thought of my sink as small. Gave up my dream of fun dishwashing and bought this drainer of old reliable design. It fits and works perfectly. Some times tried and true things are best. Only thing I would change is having glass holders incorporated into sides to keep mugs and glasses from rolling over or taking too much space.
Nice quality quilt. It's pretty and comfortable to sleep with.
it worked well for my chip bags
I saw one of these in the local quilt shop for close to twice the price. I wanted one, but sure didn't like the "off the shelf" price at the shop. I've used this a couple time and it really makes pressing go quite a bit faster as the heat travels down from the iron and up from the wool mat. After using it a few times in pressing boarders for my quilts, I now wish I would have bought the rectangle one instead of the square, but since this will likely last forever (with proper care) I will learn to love this one.
The holes for the shoes are a little small to get a pair of tennis shoes in but all in all it is a great product. It is thin so it doesn't take up much room in the closet, it is very durable (this is used in my teen sons room)and the side pockets are great to put belts in.
Looks good, haven't used yet.
Very soft and comfortable but I ordered deep pockets because there's nothing I hate more than a bed without a sheet on it and unfortunately my husband always manages to have the sheets come off where he sleeps. This sheet doesn't fully cover my king mattress. The sheets have not come undone so far but I really wanted and expected that these sheets would fully cover each corner of the bed. Overall, I am pretty happy with this purchase
Beautiful piece, better quality and more beautiful than I expected. I like that it holds standard size candles.
This chair replaced one that I used to think was comfortable. But this chair makes the other seem like I was sitting on a concrete block. The chair only took about 20 minutes to assemble. Basically add the castors, the hydraulic piston, drop the seat onto it and attach the arms and seat-back. Just make sure not to fully tighten the screws until all are in. The levers to actuate the height and rocker are attached to the bottom of the seat and use cables. They're much easier to find than to search around for a lever that is floating in midair somewhere under the seat. My only complaint is that one cannot lock the rocker in any position. It's either locked on not. I like to be able to lock it halfway sometimes just to find the sweet spot. Can't do that with this one. All in all, I'm happy with this chair and hope the comfort doesn't fade away as many office chairs do after it's well worn in.
Nice fan but wish the controls were more of a push button type (instead of twist).
Look exactly as pictured. They come in 3 pieces and are easy to put together. They seem like they will hold up as well as any other toilet brush. Great value for the price
The magnifying glass, light, and UV light work great. My review is only four stars only because the magnification wasn't as good as I would have liked. I got it to view the GIA inscription on a diamond, and I could not do that with this product.
Smaller than anticipated. Maybe 4" X 4". My personalization was done perfectly punctuation & all.
They are definitely not ivory. I would say they are definitely either linen or burlap in color. The lace edges are also a linen/burlap color not white as I was expecting. I did get a good deal on these and I do think they go well with the industrial/farmhouse look I was going for. You definitely can hang them without clips on the curtain rods they have a slit for it!
$27 for a metal dress form was a great price. All the hardware was included. It was securely packaged for shipping without damage. The entire thing is of a thinner metal but what would you expect for $27 delivered? I couldn't event find a used one for that price. I. Very happy with my purchase.
Good product- just wish the clay wouldn't have cracked
Bought something to keep my internet router cool; wanted it to be able to be powered off of the actual USB port on the router itself. This thing did the trick; the 1.0A that the USB port provides was enough to power this little baby at the max setting. Speaking about settings; this thing puts out some good air. I'm really impressed! The top setting is substantially better than most AC-outlet fans and i'm not exaggerating about that. The one con I found was that it's starting to rattle a bit after only a week of use. Granted, I have it running constantly. And it's not very loud rattles, just abnormal and slightly noticeable. This won't be a problem though as long as it doesn't get any louder.
Love it.. Smaller then expected but works well!
I liked how sleek the air purifier looks; it fits well with the aesthetic of the room. It is pretty soft as far as noise level goes, but it certainly isn't unnoticeable. I appreciate the light indicating the 'quality of the air' of the room. Very easy to assemble and replace filters. Overall, happy with the purchase! I tried this product because Renpho is a brand I have come to find quality with excellent customer service. I can't give it a 5 because it is still pretty expensive and the noise level is noticeable, but still a great product.
Who needs a working heating system in your room when you have this blanket? I actually get too hot at night, so I can't imagine what it would be like to own this in a house where your heat works! Am curious to know about how it will fare in the summer, though...
nice set of brushes. great for plein air painting and keeping your painting supplies well organized. would recommend to others. seller was fast and efficient in getting my purchases to me.
Great size, larger than I expected so this was a great deal. Sturdy material, not flimsy that I can tell. It did come damaged a bit but it's a trash can so whatever. Would buy again if I needed more trash cans this size.
The tape separates from the lights so you can hang them
Pros: Nice compact vacuum with hepa bag. Using for spring cleaning cobwebs and dust, and little messes. Like the retractable cord and variety of attachments. Light weight and not too loud. Cons: wish it had a better little nozzle brush combo. Gets a little warm with use.
The weight is wonderful and so comforting at night. According to my fitness watch, I'm getting more sleep since I began using the blanket. My biggest complaint is that the blanket will bunch up inside the cover. I ended up just taking the cover off, but it'll be a nightmare to clean if I get something nasty on it.
I love this little snowman. I make wreaths, and he made a cute one. I like that he is holding the sign let it snow. The only problem I had was that it took a very long time for delivery. So long, infact, that I had completely forgotten I had ordered him. I would order again, but give myself a couple of months for delivery...
For one, I wasn't aware I was buying three BLUE SAGE SMUDGE STICKS... THAT BEING SAID... They were a tad bit on the small side. They are somewhat fragile . Could be more secured. They burn well, if they were more secure they'd be perfect burning. They suit my purpose. I prefer the smell of white sage, so doubt I'll by them again. Overall not bad if you want blue sage.
Don't be fooled by all the maternity shoots....this looks great on a curvy woman. 5'3” 180lbs hourglass with a big bust. It fit life a dream! I read something about the arm holes being weird. They were perfect. If you're not shaped a certain way I'm not sure the belt would stay up. There are no loops for it. It was 90 degree weather I was wearing this in. I wanted modest, beautiful, and cool. Nailed it. I would have given it five stars if it didn't start to fray on the first wear.
Mom wanted this as a gift and she loves it
Looks nice on exterior. Although up close from a view of the back it is very easy to tell that the material is cheap and thin. Not a solid quality product but its looks get the job done for what I needed.
look good and classy. used for my son's birthday party. everyone loved it. I gave 4 stars because after a couple days the box opens up itself because the lid is not sticking strong enough.
Lots of leaves. You need to separate them as they clump when cut. They look nice for projects. We added ours for jars with battery tea lights.
I use this caddy in my kitchen pantry rather than my bedside. Perfect for my tools I use when when I need quick access. Loving it
Didn't realize that the cutting edge did not go all the way around. It is a beautiful die and I will use it.
I liked these containers, although they were not made of the strongest material. They are microwave safe which is always nice. The sizing of the partitioned areas within the container are perfect for lunches. The containers themselves are much larger than I originally anticipated, but are still a great size to take lunch to work or to prep for meals. The ability to reuse them is great for anyone looking to reduce their waste.
These are great however if you are using them in an area that gets humid, expect the shelves to warp. We had to replace the shelves with boards.
A little small for me. but does work good
Pretty, fluffy pillows. A little overstuffed.
It's super cute and a great price for 2! there are endless possibilities of how to decorate it and i'm so excited to hang polaroids from it.
I got this to store shoes and slippers by my back door. Does a good job of this, but could be better if it were just a few inches wider. I can get two pairs of wide adult shoes per shelf, with room for about 1-1/2 shoes left over. That extra 3” width would allow 6 pairs instead of 4.
Super cute product for little girls room. Large enough to cover most of the wall. Would suggest buying wall paper adhesive as well because some of the leaves and branches will keep peeling.
I got this for my daughter to use when we go for long drives. It's soft and comfortable. Offers support for her neck when she sleeps. It is washable but I'm not sure if the padding won't fall apart, looks like it wasn't sewn well. Still, it does what it needs to do. My daughter likes it.
I ordered 10 of these and unfortunately, 2 of them were broken. The pieces were in the packaging. A little disappointing as I hate the hassle of dealing with this kind of stuff. Other than that, the other 8 are adorable.
I'm a big fan of cylinders. There are a lot of cylinders in here. Too heavy for hitting kids but just right for a a childish sword fight as long as you're wearing hockey gear.
Item is as advertised. Would love an option of a finished wood item, but that this natural wood is great. Can't wait to get my record in it!
I purchased this to trace my sewing patterns and it's perfect. The weight of paper isn't too light or too heavy. It's really an awesome product for sewing.
Happy with purchase - hung up my Red Hot Chili Peppers album nicely.
These are alright. You get what you pay for and these are pretty inexpensive. They don't look super nice but are fine to sleep on. I like that they care cotton. They are pretty small and fit my standard pillows pretty snug.
well Worth the money
Works great! Good for scaring people
I love these! They are so much more pigmented than Sharpie brand, and I have less bleeding issues with these being used to sign photos than I do with sharpie brand. Only downside is that they do not dry immediately on all surfaces and some.surfaces require a little wait time.
Great for what i needed only complain is metal hook is a little small for my closet rod.
I liked the size of these rings and how much extra I can put in them. My only issue is that paper does not slide on these the way they do the plastic ones. It's a bit of a struggle to get the papers to move on them and I always feel like I'm going to rip the paper.
At first I thought I would be getting myself an averaged hand-sized fan that gusts enough wind to kind of keep me cool in the summer heat. Instead, this product arrived in a very long box and I was surprised to see that the fan itself was very durable with the fan-material being some sort of durable paper (similar to card stock). The fan spanned about 8-9 inches and was much more than what I expected. Also, it was wooden, contrary to my belief of it being metallic. I suppose at the time that I wasn't too big of a fan. However, now using this product for myself, I realize that it gusts a lot of air in small motions which makes for a fantastic manual fan. Indeed, this product does its job and is better than my mini-USB fan (if you take away the fact that I'm physically fanning myself) Although, this product may be a little too big to bring out in public, and I dropped it once which lead to a scratch on the tip of the wooden bottom (as expected). This is why I rate the product 4.2 stars, and if anything is to change by the time I submit this review then I shall go back and adjust it accordingly!
Love not having a cord to run over. Very powerful suction. Only wish the HEPA filter dried faster after rinsing. Still early to completely evaluate..
The product arrived on time, packed well, and matched the product description. I actually love having this little fan on my desk. My one complaint is it will occasionally make a clicking sound and requires me to shake it to stop the sound. Almost a perfect product.
Love love love. Good quality, I've had better but I got this on sale and can't complain the scent is fresh and light plus it's going to last.
This is a nice thin, strong, metal football holder that is perfect for displaying collectors footballs. It was easy to install as well.
a bit larger than expected. top lid is rubber and is a bit of an awkward fit. loved it for a place for lots of water colors!
They were a little thick and kept my bathroom door from closing. But I decided to put them on a closet door and it works fine.
Quiet and ideal for a bedroom. Not great for long durations of full darkness. Nicely visible if there is some minimal ambient light and early in the night.
LOVELY FRAGRANCE BUT TOO EXPENSIVE
Only 3 of the 5 worked when I received them, however the company was quick to send 5 more to resolve this issue. Overall, I am happy with this purchase.
I am pleased with this floor fan. Especially like that it blows out cool air, rather than just circulating hot air around. The assembly was easy once I realized I had to remove screws, then rescrew parts to hold together. Also the remote to the fan was very difficult for me to open so I could insert battery (which was included). My neighbor was familiar with the type of remote and showed me the trick to opening. I love thar the fan is quieter than other less exspensive fans and that I am able to adjust the strength of the air flow. I get hot at night, and with selecting a lower setting, I can get a cool, quiet, breeze effect. I would give 5 stars but the instructions for assembly could have been clearer. I've never paid this much for a fan but I am pleased and would purchase again.
Super cute, lightweight, soft and comfy! Perfect size for my 11 year old niece. This was a Christmas gift. It did take a while to arrive. Would purchase again.
The top sheet was much too large for a queen sheet. Had to cut 12” off one side. There is a tremendous amount of lint in the dryer filter even after 3 washes. They do feel good, though.
Display is great and all readings are accurate. My only issue is that the frost alarm goes off even though we don't have it set...we live in Minnesota...so it goes off too much. We had to bring the outdoor sensor in for the winter... frustrating.
I really like having these keto magnets. I have tried several times to follow the keto diet but it has been so hard for me to figure out what I should stock up on. With these I can make a list of foods to have in the house so I don't cheat. They are made of a very strong material allowing them to stick to my fridge and not fall off. I would have liked a few more food items listed instead of the spices and condiments.
Not sure why Amazon asks for noise cancelation rating bc I don't think that's the point of these curtains. They're pretty well made and block out light very well. However, I was hoping for a little better heat blocking.
I was looking for something that would work for me....I am a heavy sleeper and traditional alarms don't wake me in the morning. I appreciate that I can choose 4 different sounds to accompany the light alarm in the morning. I get the functions of the three buttons on top mixed up at times but that's me.... my grandchildren like the night light function as well.
I've been using it for more than 6 months, and it has been working as expected. However, the plastic filter that comes with the set doesn't change the top water flavor that much. Because of that, I decided to use the filtered water for cooking or coffee, which tasted better. There are better cylindrical filters to replace the default one, though.
Nice tablecloth, but mine had some minor sewing imperfections. Perhaps other would not have even noticed, but I'm very picky. I decided to return it.
Looks Real Not much heat
This is a nice mirror for my teenage girl
I like the product for the purpose I need it for, my outdoor Christmas decorations. It is light weight, and I think the plastic will hold up well enough in the weather.
Beautiful picture and fun to do, the only thing I didn't like was that they never got back to me about a bag of diamonds that was missing from the order.
Sheets felt very good not cheap material. Deep pockets so they fit my Queen size mattress vey good without constantly tucking in again
The silicone cups and stirrers are great! The tweezers aren't really very sturdy and bend easily but they are usable. The finger cots are too small and hurt to wear. Still a good deal.
ok for camping tapestry, will work to help block out sun. material is raw cut on edges, kinda just like cut off bolt of fabric. for price it is as expected. colors are not exactly like in photo but again you get what you paid for
They were good as far as communicating at a timely manner. However, they did not send me the correct shower curtain design I requested. I had sent them one example of what I wanted and then I changed my mind and edited it accordingly. The sent me a curtain with the original design on it. Colors were perfect, etc. I let them know it was wrong and they offered my money back. I requested them to keep my money and to just send me a curtain of the 2nd design I asked for. When I received that one, the colors changed and did not match my bathroom decor. They gave me a refund.
Love this type of hanger for an adult however for little ones pieces of clothing it would be a quicker on/off using regular cheap smaller plastic hangers 😕
Absolutely love our Eureka!! We have now had it for 3 years and it is still running as good as new. Easy to clean and maintain. It pulls so much dirt and filth from the carpets.
It's not bad. Pretty handy for a small thing. Will bring this for travel!
Giving this a 4 star based on the intensity of the Color. I love how these covers add a pop of just the right accent tone to make it all work.
They're super cute! Hopefully ther person I got them for will love them!
Some of the bags ripped bc I think I added too much stuff so be careful, so just added tape Lol Another thing is that some of the bags don't work well but others do. Sooo within this bag not all of them keep the air out over time, that doesn't mean they aren't all bad though. I'm a student that has limited closet space since I live with a roommate so these were overall helpful when I had to move.
I little bit too sheer and thin but VERY pretty. I ended up purchased a total of 3 packs to make (6 panels).
My daughter really loves these. She's allergic to down and feather pillows but the typical poly FIL pillows are too high or too flat or don't give enough to make her comfy. These were perfect and affordable. Well done here!!
Amazing Product for the price! I feel like im lying on the softest Alpaca fur. Only downside is its already starting to malt a bit but thats to be expected.
These are great for my grandson - he is nearly three and virtually non-verbal so it is so much easier to use these when working on crafts with him than cups of water. The flow rate is great and they avoid mess. He finds them easy to use.
It's fine, fairly good quality, seems well made. Only problem, the watches kinda knock around in the case. They're safe in there, but loose.
like I​ said before, great buy
Good Product. Looks nice; however, the ring they put to open the box is a little to big for me. Overall good product.
I love everything about the box but it didn't have a lining which was expected and it didn't say what tune it was playing. The reason that I bought it was because it had a key. Otherwise, I would have bought one of the more elegant ones without the key.
Did it's job, will use for a long time.
What a wonderful set for the price. Well made. Durable.
This is okay but have learned eying it is much easier
I really like the metallic soft colors. Some of them tend to break if they are sharpened too much.
more than expected sticks with no stuff on em. gonna try another brand(?) for next time but, in general... ok.
I receive my silly Express face paint kit but did not receive the stencils with it I messaged the seller on Amazon but haven't heard back from them yet I requested that they send the stencils to me separately so let's hope that I received them if they do I will change my rating from 4 stars to 5 stars and edit the actual review but other than that the face paint set is great the paints themselves go on smooth and do not cause any allergic reaction my kids have super sensitive skin and this didn't affect them at all not one single bump! I was really hoping to get the stencils because that was the whole reason I bought this set!
I fell in love with these when I saw them and bought two. They are a lot smaller then I thought they were going to be when I bought them. They are still adorable and I have them on the nightstands of my guest room.
Love the air bed but it doesn't hold up through the night. Very comfortable when first blown up but then through the night it's going down and I only used it three to four times. I'm not sure why it does that.
I've noticed some shaking, yet it's barely noticeable.
I like that this can collapse. Four stars cuz you need two hands to carry it. I use this all the time.
It is ok so far. I am waiting to see if it leak air or not in a couple of months. But you must use vacuum, cannot roll it up to release air. So it is certainly not for travel.
I like the clean steamed feel. This product does a good job on floors. Does not get stains out of carpet. Only refreshes it.
It's very good for the price
It does what it says it does.
We got these for our living room table. They go well with our decor and they are great for the price (added bonus that it comes with a holder). Bottomline - they do the job while looking great
It is comfortable to sleep on.
I purchased these to use as decorations for a Hawaiian Luau themed party. They are realistic looking and three different sizes which are nice for separate things. And they are fabric so they will last for many parties to come! My only reason for taking off one star is that they are paper thin. Still fine for my purposes, but I was expecting them to be a bit thicker. Overall great buy!
Bags were fairly decent in quality. My daughter is using these to package purchases at a craft fair. She personalized them with her brand logo and they look great! Good price, too!
The handheld fan is not loud . The fan is kindda strong . My kid likes the mist feature . I just added water and mist and fan combo helped us keep us cool .
Good product but too small for me.
This is almost perfect, about an in shorter then I was hoping for. Very simple to assemble and pretty wood.
Just as pictured. Expected it to b a little bigger but that's alright. Also it is very light weight so I hope it stays.
Good product, but doesn't stick perfectly, maybe about 98%. The price is too high for it though.
What a hit with a 13 yr old girl. The little pieces fall off when carrying the machine from one place to another- but if you mount it on a wall, it works well.
So far so good. Haven't had the products very long only 3 0r 4 days.
I bought the Jasmine and Lily and I also bought the ship shape drawer liners. I absolutely love both scents and would highly recommend both.
I like the pattern and stretchy fabric. Covers are good quality. Might be my chairs are just a tad bigger than most but I almost could not get the cover on my chair.
What I expected overall. The tilt option doesn't work quite right.
Worked for what we needed until we can actually find a whole set for the room we are currently using
Works really well. However, it is a little bit short.
...and they loved them. They have a couple of older twin mattresses (hand me downs) that you start to feel the springs. Threw these on there and they're sleeping much better. Odor wasn't bad when you first opened it and dissipated quickly.
Doesn't breathe well.... but works as expected and does help you fall asleep and stay asleep for longer.
We purchased these sheets for our daughter's college dorm bed, so as far as sleep comfort is concerned you'll have to ask her, before shipping them off we did check out the workmanship (seams, edging, etc.) and were very pleased. We also like how soft the material felt: smooth not slick or crunchy against your skin. Personally, I appreciated the tight thread weave which suggest these sheets should hold up to frequent washings.
Works great for what I bought it for but came scratches with a piece of the edge gone.
A bit difficult to prime but has worked well since. I wish the containers somewhat locked into place. I accidentally hit the one container and it fell and spilled out.
Advertised as 100% duck down. Label says "not less than 75% down". This is confusing!
I use it to organize my utensil holder on top, trivet and pot holders on second tier. Finally, spoon rest for my ladles while cooking. Saved me space.
This pillow was purchased to put a decorative case on. It does get some lying down time but not enough. It was a good purchase and I might think about purchasing another. All in all a really nice pillow.
I like it. It is cute. I put it at the front door.
They are good for what my tear away bras and quick snaps on costume pieces
Great gift for my son! Arrived in a timely manner packaged in a cute little wooden box! My only complaint is the necklace it was on, it was difficult to adjust to a kids size ( I just picked up a smaller chain to put it on) but overall a great find!
I have to say I did not see it in person as I had it shipped to my sister but it was a little pricey for what it actually is I just wanted something had that sister
Good overall, I like the pre-filter is integrated with the primary filter. The extra foam at the bottom does not allow my filter switch to activate - so I had to add a piece of cardboard so it could see the filter is in place and the air cleaner could run.
The panels definitely block out the light, except from the sides. I ended up getting some Velcro to stick on the ends near the wall, worked great in my media room.
Simple and exactly what i needed
The ties come undone easily on first few uses. Wash before use to help with this.
Works for the most part although it doesn't holdup as I thought it would. I used it for nest box curtains for my chickens. They are already starting to fray and it's only been a few months. I admit the use is a difficult one. Expensive for what it is. Still... beats sewing.
Colorful: check Cheerful: check Vivid: check Quality: meh Great looking piece, but it's like an image that got blown up way too large. Can't really see the elephant, or patterns, just a blob of nice colors. So it does the job, just wish I could see the elephant and patterns better. Makes it look kinda cheap.
cute and portable; but honestly I wish it were bigger easy- ish to use...
These readers are a little heavier than my previous ones, but they seem very stable and they don't slip off my nose. The colors are nice and the shipping was fast. So far I am enjoying them!
It doesn't last as long as I thought it would. I spray in the toilet, poop, then the scent is gone and there's just a poop smell left. The scent is ok. If I were to buy again, which I prolly won't, I'd choose a different scent.
Literally what the headline says. It's super cute and perfect for my room. I just wish it was a little bigger. It really helps carrying my stuff up and down the stairs; better than the basic square baskets. It also allows me extra room in my closet and as I redo my bedroom it fits perfectly! I'm really glad I made this purchase.
Great material, I have washed it twice with no problems and no wrinkles.
Great intricate detail. Any NBC fan would love as a gift. Did not give a five because sometimes the music box gets stuck. Love it anyway
Very easy to install. It is reversible, so you get much longer useful life.
Great! soft and fluffy - BUT.... very strong chemical smell, you can even smell it before you open the plastic it is wrapped in. I took it out and WOW - CHEMICAL smell uber strong. Had to immediately wash and use fabric softener to kill the smell. Even after that, could still smell the chemical odor faintly. Hoping will fade in a few days, it is cozy and soft. Fits my body pillow that I use as a rest for the back of my headboard for reading.
Very nice quality and looks great in the bathroom, but the soap dispenser is difficult to fill since the hole is so small. I have to use a funnel to refill the soap. The tumbler is also an awkward shape so we don't use it. Overall pretty happy with it though.
Love the oscillating feature! This is perfect for the baby's car seat in the summertime
For the price this is a decent little fan. It does it's job. I got it to hook onto my daughter's bed at night during the summer. It's not as strong as the last one she had (that broke), but she said it's fine for her and she's happy with it.
neat looking brush, helpful in maintaining our toilet bowl clean. sturdy and does its purpose well. I was just shock that it was a little small compared to the usual bowl brushes. Will recommend this product. Hopefully, i will see more colors of this product in the future.
Sometimes the hands get lost, but it's quiet no ticking at all.
Bought to compare with a higher price for card making with watercolor
Very pretty design. I was looking to replace my cloth placemats because I was honestly tired of washing them! These are VERY thin. I read other reviews that mentioned how thin they were but didn't think it would bother me so I ordered them anyway. Well, I'm not sure I would have ordered them if someone had mentioned that they are paper thin. No joke they might be thinner than paper! But they look pretty and easy to wipe clean so I'll see how the durability rates as I put them to use.
I like the durability and the shine of the bling. My only issue is the amount you get for the price.
EDIT - Updated review to 4 stars based on seller contacting me and sending a replacement battery. Will try what other reviewers have recommended - making sure to drain battery completely before recharge. Hopefully this one lasts longer. Thanks - very pleased with the customer service and follow through. PREVIOUS REVIEW: Battery worked just okay for about 8 months or so, then quickly started degrading to the point it doesn't even work anymore. Admittedly, I took a long time getting around to leaving this review, but I just happened upon the long dead Roomba in my garage, and it spurred my irritation enough to write this... was never really satisfied with the run time since I first got this battery anyway.
This is very beautiful and I thought it would double as a neat idea for my husband who is obsessed with the weather. It is smaller that I thought it would be but I love how simple and elegant it is, especially with the wood bottom. The box made it something great to give as a gift as is and it was very well packaged however mine came with some scratches that made me give it 4 stars. Honestly I have no idea how these scratches would occur in transit because the packaging in the box was great but nonetheless they're noticeable. The only thing that I think would help improve this product is if the different meanings of what the flakes represent in correlation to the weather were imprinted on the wood stand for quick reference rather than have to look back at a piece of paper that I guarantee will be lost eventually.
Was surprised by how small these are.
Does the job... A little flimsy...
Cool sign. A bit pricy compared to other tin signs. Looks good.
These are made from a very light cheap plastic, but mainly because they are held onto your books with magnets and can't be too heavy. To use metal would require some seriously crazy magnets. So, they may not be worth a ton of money, but they do look really cool, and I enjoy them.
Fun. I needed to make crafts for kids. It looks easier than it is but overall I like the product.
Bigger than i thought it would be but i like it. Doesn't really shut securely, it's way too easy to open but it does what it's suppose to. Good enough for me.
This is nice and fit some brown wicker baskets, looks good in my bathroom and helps with organization as my available space is very limited.
Great for propagating plants
I received this travel pillow a few weeks ago and used it on my travel to Canada last weekend. I was amazed at the softness of the cushion and the other accessories it came with. The eye mask was a great touch for the plane ride. I will however say that I wish it had more structure because it is bulkier than your regular travel pillow but this is definitely better than the smaller ones Out there
There are totally cute. Not for long term use but fun for occasions.
Just as described, not 5 stars because a few pieces had chipped in delivery so obviously not the best material but it is still the best size compared to others ive seen and the colors so cute. The draws are deep and high enough to put alot in, couldnt fit too faced natural love pallet but thats huge so i expected it! other than that great!
Fantastic for all the writing lovers. Its super light, prints perfect. You could feel the materials are slightly cheap, but apart from that, all is good.
First - my fault for not realizing this was powered via USB. I have made it work, but it isn't really next to my litter box which was my original intention (Litter box is in my home office). Second - the only complaint I have so far is that the power cord is REALLY short. Makes it really difficult to place the unit at any kind of distance from the USB port. Keep this in mind.
Is good for the price,
My daughter really enjoys this and sleeps much better with it. It's soft, high quality construction and materials. She's a pretty hot sleeper and this is breathable enough for her. One thing she would change about it is the size. It's twin size, but not generously sized, so when she turns from side to side, she'll be exposed a bit and she'd like to keep completely covered. If your child moves around a lot or likes to stay completely covered, consider the bigger size.
I read reviews of chipped corners but bought anyway since I wanted shelves up for my newly remodeled bathroom. And yes the shelves I received also have these small chips but are not that noticeable and I filled in with a sharpie. For the price, I don't mind and although my husband can build shelves that would actually be solid wood and no chips, we decided these could be temporary until he has the time. These shelves are sturdy and modern. Installation was a breeze.
As someone new to using pins to hold fabric, they are a bit thinner than I expected (they bend somewhat easily). However, they are as advertised and do not leave much of a hole in the fabric (which is why I got them). The difficulty I have with them is due to my own lack of experience rather than any problem with the pins, though.
This candle burns well, it is a sturdy candle.
I liked the colors but I didn't think the value was that great for how many you get.
Great sheets for the price. They are pretty thin so I wouldn't use them during the winter, definitely a summer-type sheet. They are super soft!
This is a very nice size closet/wardrobe. My son has a smaller room and didn't want a big dresser in it. This fits well and holds all his clothes with his shoes in the bottom. I'm definitely more prone to minimalism so he probably has less clothes that some people, but it works really well since his room doesn't have a closet. The reason for four star is because the instructions were all on one page and not very clear. There were so many small parts it took my husband a few hours to get it all figured out. I wish it had come with clearer instructions...
Beautiful. A few petals have fallen off but for the most part they seem durable. They brighten up the room!
Good investment for lumbar support. The only way it could be improved upon would be made to order to fit your body. It gives good support and has a nice washable cover. Have not found anything better.
The only problem with it for me is it's a little bit smaller than expected . I should of purchased two of them .
Sturdy book holder. Adjustable back allows you to lean it back wards where it is comfortable for you. Adjustable taps in the from to hold whatever thickness book you have. Highly recommend.
If you live in the South, I'd say get a lightweight down-filled. This is OK in winter but too hot for summer.
I love this ring. It's simple and fits perfect. The only issue I have is, it didn't delivery on time like it stated. It came 2 days later but I can understand that everything doesn't always go as planned. And with that I give it 4 ⭐⭐⭐⭐
They are good and easy to use
I plan to use them as accents on my granddaughter's quilts.
This is nice for the money. Some beads are REALLY small. Had to have help putting them on. But overall I would buy again.
I used this to cover the bottom of my shoe so it was all red instead of a white bottom.
This is a great product
This topper is nice and firm. It's supportive and my sleep has improved a bit but you don't get that soft sink in feel of some memory foam types. I wish it were softer feeling but I might change my mind in time. I also like that it absorbs odors because sadly my cat peed on my old one sorta memory foam (which is discontinued now).
The mirror and the wood surface are at the same level. The mirror can easily be scratch, should be recessed a bit. Otherwise nicely done.
This is really cute and super soft. My mistake, I should have ordered larger than I did so I could fold it up for more cushion.
Fun. Bit thin, but daughter likes it.
Fantastic little fan. I may have to order another because my wife keeps taking mine off of my side table to put on hers.
Overall good quality leather tool
Wish the valance was wider. I brought it mainly for valance. I used tiers along side valance to get full window coverage
The pump is quiet, I think some people might need to add more water. I've added pebbles I found outside to make it a little louder, but wish it was louder, sorta just sounds like a soda can popping every now and then.
Fun for the kiddos to sort and admire! Lots of variety here with a good quantity to feel like a real collection.
This is the cutest and perfect hair band for red dress. But still too expensive.
Works nicely. I was going to make a shelf like this for my wife, but I couldn't make the shelf and paint it for much cheaper than this, and my time is worth something too. My only complaint is the spacing of the mounting holes. It would make more sense if the holes were 16" apart, since nearly every wall has studs on 16" centers. The way this is drilled with 3 holes means if the center hole is in a stud, as mine are, then there is no way the outside holes will be. Not really a deal breaker as it won't have that much weight, but it would make more sense.
Ok so besides the shape of it .......( my husband makes fun of it ) it has helped my neck a lot. Little smaller than expected but perfect fit behind my neck and very supportive.
The product was delivered fast but one envelope was open and spilled all over the other product. Haven't used them yet but they are pretty.
I would give a five but it just didn't look exactly as I thought color wise. It's a nice canvas painting.
Bigger than anticipated. I will cut them down into quarters to make normal size paper towel replacements. Good quality though.
Works well for vacuuming the couch for dog hair. Lightweight for a quick job
Bought this for a friend with anxiety it works the only thing was that the beads move around u have to adjust them depending if ur moving around with them
nice towels. leaves fuzzies on my face if i didnt shave, but thats not a bad thing! thicker than same price towels at target.
My order arrives quickly, and looks like it is of a nice quality with vivid colors.
I really like these storage jars and would have given them 5 stars if not for a flaw in one of them. Trapped inside the glass at a bottom corner is some kind of white debris. I turned it to the back so it's not visible when the jar is filled. Obviously, the company doesn't do a quality assurance check of their product. That aside, I like the weight, color (the blue is as pictured), the size, and the lids.
This is great for a dust protector in a closet but it is way to thin for a travel bag. I bought it as a dust protector and i am very happy about it. A couple seams were not sewn completely together but that has no effect on how I am using it.
I really dig these three cute little artificial planters that look nice anywhere. I put one in my living room, one in my kitchen and one on my patio. They are made well and don't look cheap.
It works. It is a tad flimsy but I don't mind it
Easy. Good concept. Easy to carry Little too hard for me but it works.
Liked them but wrong red for my furniture.
Very nice variety of colors. The strands are not as tightly woven as in name brand flosses and they appear ever so slightly frayed even before using. Nice value though for the amount of floss you get and the variety of colors. I have had no problems with my projects so far but I have not laundered yet so cannot comment on color fastness. For expensive projects or gifts, I will use name brand floss in the future but, for the just-for-fun projects I am working on now, this floss is working very well.
The quality of the cushioned handle is less than a leading brand we all likely know and use.
This dreamcatcher was as expected, it's really pretty and bright. I bought it for a friend whose home resembles these colors, so I'm excited to give it to her. I dunno what I imagined, I guess more authentic looking, but it looks like any other dreamcatcher, it's still pretty.
The price is very good. When the package arrived I was shocked. There are four stacks of petals that are tighly compressed. I tried to pull them apart and thought Oh My!!! This is going to take hours! What a waste. Then I though about putting them in the dryer with a damp towel. I broke the stacks up as much as possible threw them in the dryer with a dryer sheet and it worked!!!
Nice product, however I was a little surprised when the sign came with a cancer warning.
works well, great value!
We needed a new artificial tree as our former tree, got tired and died. We have an older home and space is limited where we put our tree up, and this one fits in the corner we use perfectly.
Very pretty for small garden . Balls are a nice size. Lol very unique. Wish it was a longer string. Love that you can pick if u want them to stay solid or blink. Would buy again.
Be forewarned. These brackets do not line up with standard stud spacing. You cannot use the cross bar for support. They will require you to add a board of some kind behind the supports to mount them on siding. For my application (masonry) these are great brackets and fairly well put together. To make them five star they really should beef up the cross bar so you can use it to support the brackets, instead of just saying no to that in the documentation.
Easy to use. I purchased these for a candlelight event I was doing at a local college. The event last about 3 hours and after it ended and there was still wax left to reuse if needed. They were a little pricier than the candles I usually buy but it was a last minute purchase.
Very comfortable , only problem is curtains is really short but other than that love what I got .
Seems like it will last a while, as long as it is used for the purpose to which it was designed.
This is the weirdest feeling slime! Upon first opening i did end up with some on my clothes due to the seal being partially open, but was able to easily brush off into the garbage. It seemed to pick up a fair amount of dirt but did leave a small amount of residue on my hands. Its definitely a conversation starter when others see it on your desk!
I had this heater before and worked splendidly; bought another from Amazon. Works pretty much the same. This one's cord if in use too long can get pretty hot though. Other than that great.
Plenty of hanging options included
It every thing I hoped for. The only draw back was that Pillows didn't come with them
If you're looking for a true grey, this is NOT it. It has a lot of taupe in it and doesn't really look grey in our bathroom. Curtain was inexpensive and ok quality-wise. I would not buy again only because of the color. Curtain itself is fine.
Used for grandchildren beds. Very nice!
Haven't had time to use this product. Hope to give it 5 stars when I do.
I bought this to use while camping to light camp fire and to light my gas stove. For lighting the stove, it worked great. But for lighting a campfire it wasn't the best. I used it to light a some roasting logs and while it did the job, it took more effort than it would have with an actual flame. When the wrapper was lit by the arc, it would barely light and more often than not would extinguish itself. This criticism will hold true of any of these style of lighters and is something to take into consideration when thinking about its use. Otherwise, the lighter itself appears to be well made and came in a nice little felt box. I will likely use this lighter just to light my stove and continue to use matches for campfires.
This will rip off paint. So if you're okay with that, great product.
Patience and a third hand is necessary. One person cannot assemble alone. The illustrations are minimal, not very clear. Your reward, however, is a nice cabinet at a good price.
really quality album. Front pics slide around so need some skill in getting that to look good.
the corners of half the sketch book are kinda bent. It's going to drive me crazy. Oh well, came on time and is doing the trick for my markers.
Smaller than expected but still pretty and look fairly real
The volume cannot be adjusted, and it is quiet for someone hard of hearing. The temperature information is not needed in an indoor location. The alarms are handy.
My teenage son was able to put them up ( easy) , they are so nice I will order them again for another project in my basement ..
I like the 2 different sizes. Works good to make bath bombs
Works fine with the AC adapter, only lasts a couple days on battery power, I tried 3 times with fresh batteries. Would be nice if the dim setting was dimmer, still too bright at night for me.
They are sufficient. I hate the fabric, but I knew that going in. They are sturdy and useful, just as advertised. They fit my IKEA shelves nicely, and at a much better price.
Great tree but top set of lights broken bottom going to see if I can get replacement set of lights
Unit emits a hum when operating but is much quieter than a bladed oscillating fan.
Easy to use, I hope it works well.............
It helps me to fall asleep much quicker than before.Perfect for those who have anxiety and insomnia problems
Looks good . I've had it in a few months now . It gets gunned up with green stuff but can. Be wiped clean doesnt irritate my ear
I bought these for our basement door and really like them. I purchased 2 packs of them (4 total). I would recommend buying at least two or three packs if you don't want to see through them. Would definitely buy again!
Needed a lot of tucking and fluffing but in the end the tree was looking pretty sharp!
These stencils are great for canvases or other flat supports. They don't work so well on rounded surfaces such as rocks. But it's all good because they help you make beautiful mandala designs on flat surfaces. They are definitely a game changer.
Liked the different shapes and admittedly; I haven't used it much at all yet. Hope to change that in future.
seems to stick well, bought for toddlers room but thought face was too scary for little one so it is on the inside of a cabinet, lol, but pretty and it sticks, if it had been a little smaller would have put it on my laptop.
Worked pretty good. Does not latch super hard so with enough force you can open the drawer.
haven't used them yet but will this weekend
Too firm and hurts my toes. Needs to be softer.
Very comfortable just wish they were a bit thicker.
The color is a deep dark green. If I use it in summer I will need to add summer flowers to it to downplay the dark green. Overall, I like it because I think I can add different flowers to it for 3 seasons. Not for fall weather.
This sheet is wonderful for my purposes. I have a 12 inch mattress and it fits with room to spare, not enough to make it too loose, but just makes it easy to make the bed! The straps are plenty long enough to put underneath the corners and keep everything nice and neat. The only reason I'm not giving it five stars is because I don't believe it could possibly fit an 18 inch mattress as listed in thr description. However, the sheet is soft, color is nice, it withstood the first wash very well, and is exactly what I was looking for. I will be ordering more!
Turned out greener than in pictures. I gave it to my roommate. I'm devastated. I wanted to redo my bedroom in lighter colors (because I've been locked into red and brown for 7 years now) but I'm weird and I also want to look nice lying in bed. Yes, I know. So vain. But I don't want the boyfriend to look at me like “has she always been this blotchy? Is she ill?” It's too warm toned a blue for me to use. So sad. Looked absolutely beautiful in my roommate's room though.
HEM is a good company, but beware the count in each box of cones. There are only ten. Also, why not let the customer choose the scents they want?
I don't like the way the lights flicker. It's artificial and it makes a clicking noise. However the timer works fine and the lights are pretty.
I think this is a beautiful flower arrangement. I plan to use this in my kitchen. It is delicate because of the green filler in the pot. It was spilled all over the inside of the shipping box. I wish it was a little bigger. It looks small on the counter, but it can be used with other types of flower decor.
Absolutely fabulous. Very light weight, easy to put together and definitely holds more shoes than anything else I've seen for hanging over a day. Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because they don't give you the screws to attach it to door along the back. They say it isn't necessary but they are. I only filled two rows & it was pushing away from the door and the shoes were falling down the back. I luckily have extra screws and had some that fit. You don't really need to put the screws in every hole. I did every other and it holds fine.
The brush and pipes were adequate but is definitely not the same as the one that came with my Rainbow. The brush does not rest flat on the floor with out turning slightly to the right side.
Product a good price. Customer Service very cooperative with one of the boxes being damaged due to shipping.
The only thing I dislike is the temp is on Celsius.
These are beautiful I got one for my mom and one for her best friend.
i like it and it does what i need it to do
This was a very pretty bed set. It looks so elegant in our room and was super comfy. Our only worry is that the comforter will break down fast as the stuffing on the inside of the blanket feels thin. However, we love it and would buy it again.
n excellent product, but a little hard on our older hands.
I love this cute little ring holder. It's good for the price but there was a little teal paint on my elephants feet so it wasn't made with a lot of care but hey, it's a good price and I think it's adorable
It is exactly as pictured. No complaints at all.
It's fairly sturdy even putting a good amount of weight on it (filling sections with binders, reams of printer paper). My package arrived missing one of the [dividers] and I contacted their support. They immediately sent me the piece without any issues. I may buy another.
Board swivels so it can fit in a tight space. Need to add a lower wall bracket so the cabinet doesn't move.
I ORDERED 2 OF THESE IN SILVER GREY THEY WERE TAUPE. I GAVE ONE SET AS A GIFT....SHE LOVED THEM THEY ARE REALLY NICE PILLOW CASES. WANTED TO ORDER TWO MORE BUT HAVE'NT BEEN ABLE TO CONNECT WITH THE SUPPLIER??
The wax spoon is of poor quality and isn't large enough for anything but a small stamp.
My rhinestone pen came broken!
Not a full drill but fun and easy for Beginners
Nice product for using in a large bag with no partitions. Gives you lots of pockets to put items. Lots of organizer slots
Good tool to do fine cleaning but was a little disappointed with how easy the small tubes break and clog up.
One of the better low cost canvas. Does not do the true Starry Night Over the Rhone justice but it does look nice enough.
So nice but sadly the glass was shattered on one
I originally planned to give these ornaments as a class gift for my daughter‘s kindergarten class in goody bags, but when they arrived, I discovered that they were not individually packaged. I can't imagine who might need 24 of these for themselves, and I was disappointed that I couldn't give them out in a goodie bag as a holiday craft to take home and make. There are not enough supplies to actually make the ornament (I E scratching Styx) for each child. We are going to have my daughter make all of the ornaments and put them in the bags already made with some candy and other goodies. I guess they will just be her personal gift to her classmates. Other than that disappointment, they're cute and easy for young children to make. They even have room for creativity within the standard design. Young children will have trouble with the part that hangs from the tree so expect to have to help with threading the strings through the wholes and tying a knot to create a loop. These are great craft projects for kids though. Like I said, I was just a little disappointed that they didn't come individually packaged, or at least with enough supplies for each ornament to be made by 24 different people.
still slips a litttle
Pretty flowers, but the delivery is too long - almost 2 months...
Perform as function well but cover could fit better
It fits remarkably well for hat protector, I gave four stars because it it lighter plastic then others on the market. Will get plenty of rain here in Houston Texas. Can be sunny one moment and then it pours rain.
This product was just what I needed for my bathroom closet. The extra shelf space organized the chaos that was getting out of hand. Thank you.
The plexiglass cover came with protective film on both sides to prevent scratches and damage and is super clear.
most of the pens are smooth, but not all they are great for detail
We have used this on our vacation almost daily and it has held up well. Highly recommend, especially if your baby is 6 months and older, you will get a good use out of it. We bought this when our baby was almost 2. It's a quality product but it is quite difficult for one person to tighten it and use it properly, especially if you want to carry your child on your back. The front is manageable with difficulty, the back is nearly impossible.
The shower curtain worked well for my Christmas theme bathroom display. However, the length was just a few inches short for my shower but it worked great.
Came In really safe and was still as cute as the pic my little sister loved it.
I loved it and wanted it so badly. Unfortunately the color was wrong. It said cream when I ordered it but it is white. White and cream are not the same.
A bit tricky to put together, but falls in place rather nicely and sturdily . A great option to maximize space!
This was a good buy for the money. However, one works really well and one works so so..... It makes the house smell really good. Will recommend.
My 9 year daughter picked this set out herself and she absolutely loves it. As the parent the sheets appear to be low quality. the edges were it is sewn the fabric is gathered quite a bit. I feel it's not that big of a deal as I'm sure we'll be buying a new set a few years down the road.
I was surprised that I picked one exactly like some others I already owned. Was trying to find ones similar but not sure about pattern. One review was unhappy with loose threads but I think it's part of design and haven't had problems with unraveling as yet on the older ones after washing.
quality of cup is very good but "rough" on the bottom with it being unfinished (it could have been sanded smooth to eliminate this issue)
The reason I'm giving for stars is because did not fit . The back of my chair is too tall for the cover . The color is a little pail. But it looks easy to clean and it's soft.
I gave a 4 because there were too much thread hanging on the sheets and pillow case .. I had to cut the threads off ..and the pillow cases were uneven....over all they look good on my bed and they are very soft on my mattress with great deep pockets ...
pouring gel out of container is a bit of a challenge - but product itself is AMAZING
These very reasonably priced pillows look fantastic I was pleasantly surprised .A very great purchase
Very strong smell and burns a little but still effective.
The colors and print are true to the photo. I was pleasantly surprised with the neatness of the stitching and zipper. The fabric feels soft, which works well for a living room throw blanket. I'll update the review after I've washed the cover a few times. Pretty good deal for the price point!
I've only used a few of these and so far so good. Seems to be pretty durable. Only complaint is price was lowered soon after purchase. Go figure.
Product is pretty great. The removable inserts permit either carrying drinks or food, or both, with the right combination. The bag is sturdy and makes carrying up to 9 drinks a breeze with one hand/shoulder. I almost exclusively use it to carry drinks, and mostly on coffee runs, which is where the singular issue comes up. The spots are a little shallow for coffee cups, leading to the lids occasionally getting popped off, which if you're walking or driving with liquids, means they can spill out into the bag. This has only happened twice over a few dozen trips, but be careful with disposable coffee cups in particular.
Assembly isn't as easy as you would think. The screws don't really screw into place very well and it comes packaged with white tape around it but doesn't specify anywhere whether or not you should remove the tape... The price can't be beat! The branches are very bendable and can hold weight. I wanted an unconventional and simplistic Christmas tree this year so I used it for that. I would say that it is truly 6 ft but the lights are not a “warm white” more of a “cool white”. All in all I'm satisfied. And best part is that you can use this tree indoors or outdoors all year round!
The product was well packaged and sturdy. There was a blue rub mark on the top surface that would not come off and I received an ecru/cream colored unit, not the white unit I ordered. I planned to put it in my kitchen against white kitchen cabinets, which made the contrast more stark. I took a photo of the unit against my cabinets. The paper inside the drawer on the unit is a true white, and you can see that the unit is not white. Updated Review: I repurposed this to be a charging station in my kid's bathroom. The holes that come predrilled are not large enough to fit a standard plug through, so I had to enlarge the holes. I also chose to spray paint the unit bright white using an enamel based spray paint. The new paint finish allows spills to wipe up easily and matches my bathroom cabinets. This has been a big help in our kid's bathroom which has only one outlet and no space for a medicine cabinet.
Item as described. It was given as a gift . She liked them
Cuts great. Just too small.
Pretty much exactly what you'd expect
Needs modifications to work in Southern Hemisphere. (Wind direction) otherwise nice gadget.
Price is twice if you order from amazon. If you become a member the price is half.
I am using this to repel slugs from my cats outside food dish. Is working so far!
One of the best wedding gifts my cousin received!!! Good quality and am interested in other like products.
Nice and soft quality for the price
Replaced electric blanket with this so I can stay warm without making my partner sweat!
Great product for this price ! Really convenient for car cleaning , and no problem when dealing with human long hair or dog's hair , like it a lot !
Very soft a little thinner than I like. Over all worth the price.
This nutcracker is adorable. Just what I wanted for St. Patrick's Day. But, he is smaller overall than I expected & his shamrock stick he's holding has already come unglued, the feather in his hat was bent & he's kind of crooked all over in general. Otherwise like him a lot.
The Full/Queen is HUGE on my daughter's full sized bed. Sad that is drapes on the floor, but the quality is beautiful! I might use it on the queen in my guest room and get her another comforter.
Bought for summer concerts outdoors.. works great n holds good charge
Only complaint is the black turn things gray...even if you use the whole bottle...that sucks. Otherwise it was perfect for soap and bath bombs
Soft still feeling the pillow out will restate after a month
None of the three modes are quiet at all. Other than that, it does work pretty well.
A great value for the money ! Full size lamp bright low and everything in between as far as color temperature. Only small drawback to me is there is no dedicated on off switch you have to cycle through at least three brightness settings to turn the lamp off . But again for the money a good lamp and worth it.
This blanket is a cute little gift for any Mexican food lover. It's a good size and is super soft. Up close the yellow kind of makes it look stained but when you step back and see the whole thing you can see that it's a burrito.
Fits well and looks good. Well constructed.
Station hold my multiple devices off the kitchen counter but within reach.
Cute and fit my 1 year old pretty good. They stay on well
The nativity set arrived broken, but i try to fix it. It is beautiful! I am so happy with it! Thank u so much!!!!
Tree is very pretty and full - you have to fluff the branches out but once you do that it looks terrific. This is our first fake tree and we love it.
This was a gift for our Granddaughter. It arrived on time and was exactly what we expected.
A bit of a pain in the butt to get on the recliner, but once on it does stay put.
At first I could only find the valve to deflate this sucker but then realized that was for in/out. It inflated rather quickly. Not a huge fan of the way the outline rubs on skin. But when my head went into the hole I was done! Wow!!! Cheap airlines here I come!!! Very pleased. Would love to see the edges less sharp & would recommend
bought them as a mother's day gift for my wife. She loves them.
2 small for my use but works great. Base is small. But had accurate description.
The instructions are poorly translated and difficult to understand.
Came quick. Fit like it should. Great price
I wish it was lighted so I could see it in the dark
Always had a sunbeam heat pad but I love this one.
used a family members they bought at a local mall awhile back and really liked it so I bought my own. This one was a lot cheaper then they paid and is exactly the same. Good for temporary relief of my back pain
We wanted seat cushions that wouldn't slip and would br easier to clean then the ones we had. These fit the bill.
It's okay over the sink, also washing the dog...
Love the idea but the suctions aren't working on our sink (my mistake).
Great value for the money, but on reflection, I wished I had purchased warm white lights
Very cute. Cloth is a little thin.
Delivered in timely manner, product was as advertised.
Even after a tree limb hit it and tore it of it's mounting, it seems to be working properly. I had to replace the wing cups but the lady who answered my call at Acurite knew exactly what I needed and replacement was easy.
I put this together by myself with no problem until the last two screws that attached the glass top to the base everything else was fine until those last two screws... would have done better if I had someone there to help me line it up, so I waited for my husband and it still took another 10 minutes because the holes were off center, just enough to cause a problem. Then, I had a problem with one of the legs, the bottom kept popping off which keeps it level. Even though we had some minor problems I would recommend two people to do this assembling, it would go much smoother. The finished product looks good I hope it holds up.
Until I can get one of the expensive soap cutters this works well.
There are excellent value and the nice small size makes them very useful. They cut so well that they occasionally embed in the plastic board, but it's easy enough to release them. My only complaint is that the "o" is made with a thinner line than the other letters, but it's not that big a deal and I am really happy with this purchase.
Loved it. Exactly what I wanted
This steamer is portable and light. Easy to travel with. It heats up quickly and gets the job done.
These are good . I bought for Christmas cards the only thing is the glue on the envelopes don't stick very good but the did the job.
I really did love this sad and I still do, but after only one washing the pillow case they did and the sides don't fold over anymore. It's cool that they fold over in the first place and it looked very nice, but after one wash it kind of lost it shape
Nice organizer that I bought in a pinch. Would be nice if they provided some extra fittings or even sold them but it doesn't appear they do.
I bought this punch in 3 different sizes to make paper garland for a toddler's birthday party. This one is getting rated 4 stars instead of 5, simply because it leaves slight indentations/tooth marks on 2 of the scallops. This was perfect for my needs, but others may need a more flawless cutout. The punch is easy to use, and handles various weights of paper really well. I tried lightweight card stock, metallic poster board, and medium weight glitter paper - all with great success. I recommend this punch to anyone who needs this size for general crafting needs.
Items were smaller than expected but overall, they look great in our guest bathroom on the wall shelf
very nice festival decoration balls, i hang them to the trees and some parts of the ceiling, the different colors really add the flavor of the big day.
It's relatively small. I wasn't expecting some huge grinder or anything, but I was still a little disappointed when I saw how small it was. I always like to store a little extra inside but instead I found myself grinding a lot. But for someone whose looking for a first grinder or something, this will definitely work. It's a little difficult to clean, but again, no big deal. Overall it's a good project.
I Have been using this product for a month definitely helps with the back pain from my pregnancy
Not bad for the money. It keeps my door open.
Works great. MUCH cheaper than what the dealer sells.
Just what I wanted! Just took way too long to ship.
I needed a set of taupe/camel/beige(?) towels for our tile shower with bench. I ordered this set. It has a very attractive detail on the borders of each piece. Well worth the $!!
Great organizer. Fits the space and looks great. Just wish it was a little heavy to give it more stability.
Ah! These are so cool! I bought two of these and the first one I opened was amazing. Unforunately, the manufacturer drilled one of the screw holes a little cockeyed in the second one which made it less sturdy, and definitely challenging to build. I would say, if you get one that is drilled incorrectly, just send it back - don't go through the struggle of trying to make it fit. :/ loved the first one though! As long as everything is manufactured correctly, these are amazing.
Very attractive white semi sheer curtains, the light comes through but offers privacy. They were truly what I wanted. Great value for the price.
I love the look of this set, but the fabric is thin. If your comforter has a bright design, as mine does, you'll have to flip it to the back side up so the pattern doesn't show through.
Its extremely cute definitely worth the purchase
This is simple, QUIET, and I love the choice of alarm sounds...no harsh beeping noise, yeah!
The plastic bucket got cut on the edge from the metal holder. Not a very good cabinet. Not sturdy !
This duvet cover is exactly as I was expecting, but actually softer! The only reason I am giving it 4 out of 5 stars is because it was missing two buttons.
Just a little smaller than I expected
only thing to make it better for me is if the width was "slightly" wider so the edges could cup under the sides of the ironing board.
Simple , cost effective and most important gets the job done.
Very comfortable. Cons: It moves around a bit when you get into the car
I love the colors and graphics. Got this for my Avenger crazed 9 year old. Only thing I wish was different is that the material was thicker but worth the low price!
Got it for my mother in law she loves waterfalls she told me she liked it!
The item does what it is supposed to and works great for keyboards.
This unit is a little bigger and louder than others with the same BTU, but it gets the job done. Also, so far, the feature that causes water to not collect in the unit actually works really well. I've been running this unit pretty much 24/7 for over a month on all settings (low to high) in EXTREMELY HUMID conditions and it has not asked to be drained once. The design is a little different, but I like it because it reminds me of R2D2. If I had to choose again, I'd still go with this one.
Pros: Very easy to assemble. Everything is marked and directions are clear. All screws lined up perfectly. It even came with a magnetized Philip's screw driver. Very nice. Shelves hold 150 lb. each, more than any other unit I looked at. One of the best things is that it has sturdy wheels, which lock easily. Only con is that some panels, including the front left door came with small dents. The dents did not impact assembly, only the aesthetics. Mine sits in a storage area, so I dont mind.
Holds a lot of toys..
Bought this for my 12 year old daughter. She's enjoying it quite a bit! It's fun and just challenging enough for her.
Not sure about water resistance. Wish 2 came in a pack for better pricing.
This was perfect ! I got it as a gift for my friend and she loved them. There was a little piece of one of the tails that chipped off but other than that, it was perfect and just what she was looking for
As I was cutting the tags off of these and starting to stuff the first pillow I was thinking about how nice they were and how it was going to write a positive review because I really like these… And then the second pillow case had a broken zipper. I figured it couldn't be that hard to fix it and I tried, and I even watched videos on how to fix zippers, but in the end ended up just ripping the entire zipper off of the pillow. I know I could've just returned them but I really wanted to get these pillows out on our porch immediately! So I just put the broken zippered one behind another pillow that didn't have any issues and I closed it with a safety pin!
Great price and good quality but slightly more grey than I hoped but will still be using on my west facing door.
My sister loved this product. Evenly lit up her living room. Great durability.
It was just what I was looking for! Very comfortable!
I would love this in other colors. I am going to paint mine blue.
They were very soft comfy to sleep on.
Love how easy these melt, but I feel like you lose a lot of that subtle honey smell like you get in the one pound blocks. These are nice when you need a small amount for lip balms and little projects. But won't be ordering for candle use.
Happy with purchase gets my tile nice and clean. My only complain is the power cord is to short.
I received this item much later than all the other items ordered through Amazon but I believe it was close to the time estimated time I was told. I also did not realize this is a print on silkscreen as now I will need to figure a way out to get it on a canvas frame. It was very inexpensive and I should have looked into it closer possibly. Still the overall print was very nice! -Sherry H.
Love the look. wish the end knob that holds the curtain was larger so the curtain would stay behind the knob vs coming out from hook.
I didn't catch that is wasn't already stuff until I got it at home. Looks easy enough to do, good quality zippers and seems well made. I will let you know once I finish stuffing it.
This is a very pretty daybed cover, but I was expecting a much softer, dustier shade of aqua/teal from the pic. As you can see (behind the dogs), this is a very intense, jewel-tone teal.
Wish it came with directions.
Perfect = needs tabs for duvet
Love this product. But it's made so it would be multi-use (against a wall or over door) which is great if u want that, however it would have been better if there was a version of this product where the door hanger hook was not removable from the first rack for the most secure hang. But overall, this is a great product and easy to put together with 2 people. (tightening the screws to nuts is difficult without extra pair of hands)
We love animals so this was perfect.
Sturdy. Kinda expensive, but looks good.
A pain in the neck to iron. Good quality. Far superior to "Made in India' table linens I have purchased in the past. Colors just right for my use.
Love the nature tree pattern, lightweight. Someone said the pattern looks wintery but the sheets are light material, a little on the thin side but seem fine. They held up to one washing well. I like that they are a good fit, they aren't too tight. The colors can be coordinated many ways, so it is versatile for decor.
Pretty good price for the amount of material, but it was really thin, so I ended up using it as interfacing.
These are worth the buy. They are a little short though. I bought 4 of these panels all the same length and they are all the same but, I have some white curtains behind these (same length) and they don't match up. There's a definite difference by no more than about 2 inches. Minus one star for that.
My wife likes the sheets
A little time consuming putting together. Wasn't as sturdy as I expected until I filled with shoes, seems to be fine now. Fast shipping.
i really like these for the kids' pants. however it is easyto break the little grabber parts. overall still really like them and are adjustable for width on the hanger
Love the product but had to buy my own screws Did not open package when it came
I was really excited to receive this product and while every other bead is great I was really disappointed with the "synthetic Amber". It's a plastic bead with glitter pieces in it. I'm ordering some beads to replace that one because I was hoping for that bead to at least be glass. But other then that I'm really impressed with what I received.
This is made of heavy, high quality material. My only complaint is that it is wider than I expected and spans the ENTIRE width of my son's bathroom door. If you have a narrow door, be aware of this. Otherwise, it is great for serving the need of keeping laundry off the floor in a small bathroom.
I spent a lot of time looking for quality sheets for a reasonable cost. Found them!
Love these... looks a lot better than those cheap round plastic ones
Not as thick as I thought it would be. But serves the purpose of what I needed it for.
nice curtains, got what expected
So cute beats the traditional curtains you tie to the side. Gives the window character.
They were so cute and handy for the small space! I was able to hang the small items including small photo frame and Christmas decorations!
Pleasantly surprised!... this comforter is SUPER soft, with rich color, (I bought chocolate)... I was a little hesitant at first due to differing reviews, but I received a good product at a reasonable price... this comforter is a little warm, although I did buy in June, so by winter time it should be fine... recommend
This was a good deal on diffuser oils. Good price, and made part of a nice gift.
High quality and it keeps out alot of heat, very good value for this product
This is absolutely the best warmer we've bought! Love the dimmer - so we can use it as a night light and then turn it up for fragrance during the day. The only draw back is that it takes an unusual light bulb. It is not easily swapped out. You'll need tools to take it apart when the bulb dies.
I found these dented very easily when tapping to release the bath bombs. Otherwise simple to use but do not clasp or lock.
This shower curtain was just what I was looking for, it was easy to install and easy to clean since it is machine washable. The hooks were so much more easy to use than the clasping rings that came with my previous shower curtain and when it came to maintenace normally I would just buy a new curtain after time but now I just threw it in the washer. Loved the curtain only wished it came with a liner than it would have been perfect!
This product is just what I ordered,very bright, easy to use.
Darker than the picture (brown)
Really love how well these cut. The squared off metal edges just beyond the blue handles hurt my fingers, however. I'm going to have to put a bandaid on my finger or tape somehow on the metal. Maybe some design improvement would alleviate that problem! Otherwise I'd have given them 5 stars
Should have purchased separately. I loved it as MOB. Bride like pillow and flower basket. Thought the rest was a little too famine for the groom.
Not too fancy. We used them for bath bombs and they came out great. Fun scents for kids.
Very nice quality and very pretty.
Quite a fine product for its price. The paint containers are on the smallish side. The paints are reasonably bright.
Nice but the LED lights bother my eyes and give out a blue tint that isn't natural.
Great for the price. Didn't expect it to look this nice.. took 1 point away just because there were no instructions which resulted in putting it on upside down first as you can see by the picture. Haha but once it was flipped the correct way, it will work perfect for desired outcome.
They are nice, but if you are purchasing these to match your Sunbrella Linen Sesame as I did, these are MUCH darker. Disappointed with the color, but the cushions are nice. Not 5 inch, but still okay. Too dark. Thinking about returning. Not sure. They don't match all my other Sunbrella Linen Sesame.
Product is as described, a little flimsy but it's cute and worth the money.
Had this heater over a month with alot of hours. So far it is working good time will tell. It is very nice contemporary looking. Keep in mind that these heaters are secondary heating sources. So if you live anywhere where its frigid it wont be adequate as a primary source of heat. Since you mount this on a wall you will not feel heat blowing on you. It blows heat towards your ceiling and takes time to fill your room. I have a ceiling fan in my living room that circulates the heat very very well. I live in Arizona temps are cold at night but mild daytime. My living room is small so it works very well for me. The Fireplace colors are very nice, love the dancing flames embers look real. I love it. Mine is white and my walls are white has a nice look.
These great colors are awesome! I was super excited to have this in my hands and could not wait to use them all. I use them for paint pours and these mix well and last a longe time if you use the correct amount. You only need a little at a time.
This product is great! My one complaint is because of the way the head faces it can only go one way. If you want the elephant head on the other side of the door you won't see the head.
Handle broke pretty fast but it was my fault cause I overfilled it with clothes.
This is a great little tool. I love the magnifying power and the built in light. The only caveat, a small one I might say, is that it is a little hard to maneuver, given the close proximity of the two lenses. It might also feel a little bulky but I do just fine with it the way it is. I'd say it's a good value for the money.
This vacuum does its job. Easy to clean and love the rechargeable battery.
This is not a Dyson but a good cheap option for the office. It is not silent but definitely a lot quieter than most fans out there. Produces gentle ambient air circulation on setting 3 which I have on all day because my office get stuffy.
This is a sturdy case and went together easily. The rack is full of wine and seems to be very sturdy. It works perfect for what we wanted it to do.
It was definitely smaller than I expected, but I guess it will suit purpose for a newborn.
Think it's a little pricey for what it is but a fun addition to our holiday decor. Going to use it for this years Christmas party.
Gap fillers are held by plastic tabs which feel like they will be worn out if it is constantly moved. Fan gap fillers will need insulation as well since they do not sit flush with the top of the window.
a little smaller than I expected but still perfect for some of my makeup storage on my vanity.
Worked well for RV bed. No complaints.
Cute but junky. However, I guess you know that with the price point
Very happy with the mail box itself, it's made beautifully but I asked if there was mounting hardware that came with it to mount it to the post and the reply was yes.....well no there is no mounting hardware that comes with this. For the cost of this there should be some kind of mounting plate that comes with it.
Love my Robot. It deffinately makes my job in keeping the house clean from dust, cat fur and other particles on the floor easier! One thing: it stops when the trash container is filled, but it's not filling up really to even being half full... Also the batteries die sometimes before it can return to it's home base.... Other then that - we love it.
good price, good sponges
They are nice and bright daylight color but flicker on the low setting on my Samsung microwave oven range hood. Not a big deal since we only use it in high but loose 1 star for that.
Loved most of the set. The hole punches dulled very quickly so I investing in a hugh end punch. Everything else is working great.
I love this curtain of lights concept. Setting them up was a little tricky but very easy to do. I got these lights for my studio and they lit up the room. Great mood lighting, happy with the purchase.
This is a great jewelry hanger, I would say it wasn't so easy to assemble because the top tier kept falling off even after screwing it in. I had to put a piece of paper around it so it can give it a little more thickness so it could hold up. Over all is good item just that one little hick up.
Looks just like the pictures except it's thin, but overall satisfied
It does the job! Got on Amazon to order this because the jewelers that I bought a bracelet from gave me a thin cheap cardboard box. I was super disappointed but didn't have the courage to tell them. When I got this item, I was super pleased about how it looked and performed. I would definitely recommend this.
nice and will work at my desk but no battery option and only one speed. You can move it a little but will work good for my office desk.
Great for traveling - I leave in suitcase so they are always there when I travel
bought to put a gift in. held up well
Really cute, took away 1 star because one of the box was damaged.
I was recently diagnosed with hip arthritis. Helped a lot!
I like it enough my sister travels a lot for work and she said it was nice she scratched off several locations. I was worried of tearing but had no problems. Live all the tools it comes with to clear off the mess.
easy velcro install...much better than my getto towel or plastic bag and tape galore
Arrived in good shape. I don't like the little metal strips to hold in the cheap cardboard backing but I made it work. I should note that the plexiglass is highly reflective making it difficult to see the whole photo in a brightly lit room.
it's a great tree for the money , I would give a five star if I didn't find few brown spots that looked dirty on the white tree.
I have waited a while before writing this review to get some time spent with the comforter. Let me say that I did a lot of reading and research before deciding to buy this one. After receiving it and putting on the bed I was a little concerned with how light it was. After the first night concern was gone. Very lightweight and comfortable also surprisingly warm for such a lightweight comforter. So much so my son has asked me to order one for him for his apartment at college.
Good quality. Expected to be thicker, but does the job.
I love the size of this. The only reason I am giving it 3 stars is because the number 8 was missing.
Looks good with my picture in it.
Product worked as advertised beers to be made of top quality materials no problem with the reinstall
Added to the Top of my Casper firm mattress and I am sleeping great. Comfortable, but I thought it would be a little firmer. I am a 6', 205lb man and I have woken up with the topper completely flat underneath me, and other nights it is great. It has only been 5 nights so I think I need a bit more time for a full review.
Grabs all my hair and I lose ALOT during a shower. The only thing is that if you push it down to far, it tends to seem like it's clogging up, but the water just isn't going down as fast. Keep a little bit of room in between for water to go through.
Beautiful design. It's too large on my king bed, so I have to tuck parts of it in. I anticipate it lasting a long time because it's made of very sturdy material.
I like that these are significantly brighter than other LED candles I own, and the remote works well. Unfortunately one of my candles had a defective battery plate, and I had to tape it down to use that candle.
Lightweight and easy to install. Looks pretty good from a short distance, the durability will be tested this winter. It is a bit spendy for not much coverage. Haven't decided whether to order more to complete the project or go with something different.
I'm very pleased with my new humidifier, it's quiet and I sleep much better with it. I'm running the humidifier today, during the daylight hours and I like the moisture in the air
I like this product very much except it seems to be very difficult to order the refills.
Well made and the rubber non-skid bottoms protect hardwood floors. I was only disappointed because they didn't ship right away and they changed shipping date on me 3 times. ( I needed them by the 3rd of July ) I didn't think they would get here on time, so I ordered another set from a different company. These are better made and have the non-skid bottoms, so I actually ended up sending back the other ones I bought from the other company. Even with shipping issues I would highly recommend this set.
Once assembled, and placed on display the Metal Crystal Cake and Cupcake Holder looked just as elegant as any other expensive piece.
Nice weight in hand very comfortable, easy to use but doesn't fit all pencils!
I do a lot of crafting; decorating just about everything. Gem tac works well with my latest projects making decorative drink ware. My only issue is it is a little runny; however, slowing down and a few minutes practice it becomes easier to control.
I purchased this mattress (full size) for my son's dorm room. It was delivered, on time and as scheduled, directly to his college campus, it was easy to remove from the packaging, it laid flat quickly and there was no odor associated with it. It is not as firm as I had anticipated after researching it online, so I may have to return it. I inquired about the process and returns are handled through Amazon and appear to be fairly simple.
They look great in my bathroom wish they were a little Fuller however for the price they're great
i got the trash because of dog he is not getting in it now makes my life easier
they are soft and absorbent, not too large and not too small.
...the broom is just a tad too wide for the scoop. Easily remedied by simply cutting of some of the outer bristles. Otherwise, I especially like the ability to set the angle which makes it really nice for sweeping steep, narrow stairs that you have to sweep from a step other than the one you're sweeping. I don't find it to be particularly "cheap", as the other reviewers who apparently likes it but only gave it two stars? I only knocked off a star because the width might annoy someone who is prone to complain. It's not an overbuilt $60, professional cleaner's r commercial, theater set - it's for less heavy use, obviously, and it's cheap but it's worth every penny of the price, to me.
I'm very impressed with the level of customer service I received from this company. After being unsatisfied with my purchase they immediately reached out to me offering, at no cost to me and after refunding the order, to replace the thread that I received initially. I haven't tried out the new thread yet but I'm giving this order a 4 star, at the least, for the great customer service they provided.
Using it to store sweaters in my closet. It seems to work well enough. I pinned a cloth to hang down as a cover for the warmer months to keep the dust off. Shelves are sturdy enough with 2 or 3 sweaters on each.
My 9 yr old daughter is very picky about clothing & her comfort level, especially when she's just chilling at home. She loves to be fashionable when we go out, but when she's at home, comfort is her #1 priority. Her favorite things to wear around the house are big adult sized t shirts & hoodies borrowed from family members that are very roomy & comfy. When I saw this Comfy thing on Amazon I thought it looked perfect for her, especially since she gets cold easily, especially indoors during the summer because we like to keep our AC cold. Well I was right & she def loves this thing, especially after drying off when she gets out of the shower, as that's when she's usually the coldest is when her long hair is wet. The only slight complaint I have is that it's actually a little *too* warm to wear in the house (which was my main purpose for buying this), even for a kid who gets cold very easily. I tried it on & even in my very cold, very air conditioned bedroom, I got hot really fast & had to get it off me. This thing is super warm & unfortunately it's not breathable at all. My daughter mentioned that she feels a bit suffocated in it. It would be a perfect gift for a homeless person in the winter lol. (Seriously though, it really would.) I'm hoping she'll get more use out of it in the fall & winter. I would love to see them make a lighter weight version of this, because then I think she'd live in it! She does love how she can pull her legs into it and says it's very snuggly. Just wish it wasn't quite so hot!
The towels arrived within a couple days and I was pleased with the quality, esspecially for the price. Fairly thick and they have held up well after several washings. Bought them in a nice gray color which hasn't faded after the washings.
Does what it says on the tin. Used two of these to raise the head of the bed - they seem sturdy enough.
It was so beautiful I just wish it came in bigger sizes because other than dumbo the rest is hard to see
Very well done but smaller than expected
Quality is very good, bulk 6 ft roll should last a long time
Don't like the small filter every other aspect great .made a new filter out of a paper pleated water filter. Works great
Appears to be of very fine quality.
I love the color, the fit of the phone but the only problem I have is when you put your necessary cards in it the case won't close all the way for the magnetic flap to close it.
Great value for the money. Material is safe and plastic, so also is light in weight.
This was as expected. Easy to assemble, but a little flimsy. Hard to keep clean-
lights are neat and change color
This is so pretty. I love the color! I do wish it was more of an oversized king quilt but it's still gorgeous. It's nice and light which is why I bought it.
Put two in our soaking tub and they work just as we desired.
the tall plant was misshapen but they are nice
Very cute. Several compliments!
It works, very easy to install vertically on my kitchen window.. But why on earth would they not put a reversible switch on this? Such a bone head decision
These are beautiful but two shelves were warped and it is highly recommended for the seller to provide two set of anchors for the bottom of the unit. Without additional hardware my items would be falling of unstable shelves. Not good as they come unless you have a handy person available to make that extra adjustment with extra hardware, disappointed, because they are so attractive. Need to be stable though!
Wish the copper were brighter, more rose-gold-like. That said, it works just fine.
I really liked this spread. It did not work out because the color was not right for my room
is good, of course the mesh - as should be expected - is delicate but good
It works well. Needed it for a drinking horn given as a gift. He said it was better than others because it was sturdy.
I don't like the rust look it has also
they are flannel super warm and snuggly. (is that a word?) secret tip for washing wash them on WARM/WARM DO NOT use cold water on wash. fluff dry don't use heat on dryer and don't use fabric softener. these are nice sheets love them.
I guess if you're brave enough to drill holes through the cabinet you could hang it so the cubbies are on top like the photo, but if you use the pre-drilled holes with the metal tabs, they're on the bottom! I love this cabinet anyway. I think it was slightly overpriced for how small it is, but I like the look of it in my bathroom.
Thought I would use it every time when I purchased, but honestly I don't. Takes too much time to setup clothes if you want them to be perfectly folded. Women's clothes fold in a very large and odd shaped setting. Would recommend it only for men's short sleeve T-shirts.
Good light but didn't last more than a month before it quit working
This is nice for the price. Mine had to be reworked a bit and if you don't mind that can't beat the price. The three battery operated lights are nice.
easy for curtain to slip off the upward pointing hooks.
Super soft! The teal/Aqua is much brighter than in the picture. Truly do love it.
Looks good and fits the decor in my room. I really like it!
Love all the colors. Blue was spilled on other bottles when received. Not a big deal, just a couple drops.
These backs to earrings are a little big but works as said.
This is perfect for changing up the look and feel of my small studio with the season (and change in weather) - Material is light enough and the lines add a nice textured look. Very pleased with the purchase
this was a pretty good price but the beads tinted the slime just a bit, and the beads were very little, but cute.
Quality and price are right on, but really, I would have liked a wider selection of colors. I sent a note to the vendor asking for brights, everything is rather dull red and yellow...not as represented in photo at all.
Seems like a nice variety of pieces of leather. Different colors and thicknesses with only a few parts being what I'd consider "too small". Unfortunately I neglected to read the product description as thoroughly as I should have. None of this seems like Veg tan leather, which is what I need for the items I intended to create. This all seems like Chrome tanned leather with is softer, thinner, and stretchier than veg tan. As I said, it all seems rather nice. Mostly whites and cream colors, only two pieces of reddish brown and one that is grey. Now I just need to figure out what I am going to do with it, since most of it won't be suited to making knife sheaths.
I mistakenly sent feedback on the delivery to Trtl who were quite prompt on the reply. (Amazon had sent 1 instead of the 2 I had ordered.) As for the product itself, I'm one of those "overly warm" body types. So, I look forward to ordering the next one with a more breathable wrap.
We have a shark vacuum and I really like it, but because I have 3 parrots I am vacuuming all the time. They make a lot of dust. I can clean the filter I have but the problem is that I have to wait at least a day for it to dry, and since I use it everyday I felt it would be much easier to order a couple extra so and can wash and put a new one in. Fits the vacuum well, I think the round filter could be a little bit larger, but I'm happy with them.
I love the simplicity and the tick marks are easy to see. My students need to understand minutes and the clock is a great visual teaching tool. The only dislike was the cover had several scratches when I removed it from the box; however, I can make due with that.
I like that it has a handle for comfortability
Blanket was big and plush - very good for cold nights. Would have liked if picture would have been more distinct.
I use this product to transfer regular and permanent type vinyl as well as paper projects, often using it for projects with small details. Projects often stick or do not come off backing properly for transfer, requiring me to do a lot of realignment.
So pretty, feels great, better then I had expected
Beautiful balloons but letters popped super easy. Highly recommend but don't use helium on letters
I gave this as a gift. Item was as described. Thank you
Kind of hard to blow up, the air hole is pretty wide so keeping the air in after removing the pump was difficult. Did not have a strong smell, but still would recommend letting it air out before use. Used on a 14 hour flight. Oh and would recommend a small blanket for the bottom of the face hole, it was slightly irritating on the chin area.
Items came in very good condition; the large leaf petals are softer and thinner than expected but is great as a table decoration.
The only drawback I found, was on the black coating around the front of the basket. It was either nicked up, doing processing or during cooling. However, the basket is in the sink and not on the counter, therefore it's not worth returning. Works perfectly in my sink.
Bought for my sons teacher. She loves it but I think it's a little small.
We got a new table that said use a good furniture polish and I had used Parkers Perfect polish in the past. I was elated to be able to find it again. It really gave our table a beautiful shine.
Beautiful and brighten the bathroom.
Pretty good overall. Easy to put on, all you have to do is peel off a little sticker on the back and it sticks to the door frame. One of them is going strong after a week or so, but one is beginning to peel off already so we're 50/50 right now. Easy to cut as well if necessary. It does work well and blocks light/curious cat paws rather well.
Perfectly satisfied except for the power cord provided that doesn't seem to seat all the way and works loose. The male connector is difficult to insert, requires a lot of jiggling and pressure and I think that will develop into a problem in the future. Hopefully this problem is fixed because otherwise it's a great tool.
I'm very pleased with the sign, however, I wish it came a size bigger. 5x7 would have been perfect for where I'm intending to locate it, but the 4x6 will do.
Works fine. Don't put anything too heavy on this, it'll lag the turn.
Don't mind me in the picture haha but this was great! Only reason why I give 4 stars is because the 2nd Leaf string lost a few Leafs as I was getting it out of the bag. Otherwise I do recommend for anyone looking for cute Fall decor.
Water beads is something I love right now. I work with children who have sensory issues. This product has been the best thing I have introduced in my class. The kids love it and it makes them happy. It was fast delivery, I just didn't like that it was left in a space that anyone was able to take.
Very easy to use and store
Nice variety of colors, relatively consistent in length and how they were made. Suited for their purpose.
Good for what I needed for
High end rubber in the front with great color. The back is 4/5 when it comes to sticking. It's great gift for a backpack or something similar.
This clock is modern and attractive. I liked that it was not made of plastic. It is very easy to read. The clock does not make any noise. It does not have a second hand.
We needed a new wall clock, thought trying out radio controlled, works fine, easily set, but you get what you paid for ... cheap. If you have a beautiful wall and think about getting this clock to fulfill the time telling, skip this style it feel cheap and look cheap, it will ruin everything else on you wall.
I like that there are varying speeds I can put this on. I got it as a stroller fan for my baby, and he loves it. I would give it 5 stars if the Li battery was rechargeable. I'm going to have to order more soon.
A great addition to my tree. As others have said, the packaging it's not great, but fortunately nothing was broken. They are very delicate... Don't drop them.
I wish this was a little thicker but overall its cute and it gets the job done
Love these. Bought a total of 4 now. Over time they seem not to stand up like they did brand new, but still like them. Easy to carry up and down stairs, durable, and fit more than a full load of laundry.
Fun light, especially for the price
works well, the only tiny complaint I have is that there wasn't enough beads provided. Just another handful or two of beads will help my brushes stay up better. Besides that it's great and I would recommend it.
Well made, logo is printed. It is very large and long, hits just above my wife's ankles! Definitely intended for (tall) men! Will probably have it shortened so she can actually wear it.
I'm new to sewing and these seem fine to me. Haven't used them enough to determine how durable they will be
These slip around quite a bit. They look really nice though. The small one is a lot smaller than I thought, but I probably didn't read well enough before I bought them
I cannot believe what this thing can find on a floor that appears clear. It never once went off the stairs and the docking station doesn't seem to need the side to side clearance the manufacturer recommended.
Overall satisfied for the money. Product is not meant to be submerged, as it doesn't stay under water, it floats to water level.
Perfect for small space entry or just by the front door. Pretty, sturdy, and functional. Doesnt hold a bunch of coats but perfect for guests.
Gardenia is very pleasant. I like it a lot.
It gives me a good place to hang my delicates , also large blankets to get aired out! My back patio has no place to do this. I do wish it was sturdier but I realize that it would be then be harder to move around! Developer should still continue to improve it!
The size was good but some of them did not stick as expected with the iron..o had to sew them
Perfect match for my chairs. Great that it is machine washable.
I got a sofa cover that came with the white round pieces that supposed to keep the cover in place. They popped out while the kids start playing on the sofa. I replaced them with this and they stay in place without any problem. Very easy to use ((of course needed a little force to push down the gap, because it was intended to be tight to keep the cover in place). Reasons I deducted one star: - It seems a slightly pricey for the material, though for its function it is worthy - The back piece it was kind of shorter than I expected for a sofa In all, highly recommended for its function
Cute faux set.. good for adding to a shelf with books or candles. Needed to arranged due to smashed a bit during shipping otherwise would buy again
I received this item 3 wks after ordering. I had a hard time applying it to my wall. After i would stick it to the wall it would fall off. Not strong adhesive very dry and old. I had to add clear tape on top of each little sticker because the whole designs comes in a series of 10 different stickers that you have to put together to create the image that you see in the picture.i had to add small pieces of tape to each sticker.it was a lot of work. The overall image was wonderful though and i love it..it's a great addition to my kitty feeding area.!
Fit our air purifier without a hitch, could not find a replacement in local stores.
Had a margarita with a beer upside down in it at a Mexican restaurant nearby and had to buy these. One thing I will need to get is very large sturdy margarita glasses so that the beer does not flip the glass over. Otherwise these are great
I love the color. And its very spacious. However, be careful not to tug too hard at the top as the seams can pull apart quite easily
I like this stand, except it isn't quite as sturdy as I wanted since it's a bit top heavy, and you have to hold it steady when you pull off the bathroom tissue. Other than that it looks great!
Love it and the colors it has, however it doesn't stay on long because the water holder is not large. Cleaning is fairly easy with vinegar solution. Had it a while and still works well
I love my furry bones!!! I can't wait to collect more. I was disappointed with the size but that's my fault for not paying attention. I much prefer the larger furry bones.
Stiff but solid quality
Delivered on time as expected
I guess it works. Haven't seen any bugs since I plugged them in
Love the color! I bought them to go with a bedspread that has the bright yellow in it. They look great and are well made. Very quick shipping.
place-mats are made well. Better then I thought. easy to clean and pattern shows up nicely . The red color is more of a burnt red not Red. but I do like the color will be keeping.
Fine for my needs for a small living room full of holiday guests.
Really pretty. The only slight disappointment I have is that the pillow cases are brighter colors than the more muted quilt. But, they go ok. Great quilt for the price.
Pretty good quality for the price.
Apples past their prime are no longer tossed over the hill. Broken pots that used to be left to crumble in the rain are no longer an unsightly mess. Instead, they join the bones, skins and anything else so disgusting you wouldn't want the neighbors to see. The entire mess is safely and securely contained in the heavy duty garbage bag. So far, it has even defeated the probably rabid possum that wanders the neighborhood, leaving destruction in it's wake. I will buy this again when I run out.
Product could have been a little thicker but I was able to place a table cloth under it and it worked out fine. Displayed as a candy sweet table. I would purchase this product again.
This floor mop is very light and slim, and it comes with a extra pad. It doesn't take much space to store as well. I really like that it can work with both wet and dry. My only concern is that this set is relatively light, so I'm a little worried that it might tip over while I'm using it. Otherwise, it's a very good product! I would recommend it.
I love the purpose of this device. It makes my clothes look better after I use it on them.
Decent product for the price. Simple design and lightweight. The pot itself isn't very strong. I chipped it right away on my tile floor just by placing it down at the wrong angle when I was setting it up. I didn't feel like making a big deal about it, but it was a bit shocking how easily it chipped. I also wish it came with gold screws or covers for them. Overall, not bad.
Like comforter. A little heavier than I expected but I still like it.
Helps with knee pain at night.
nice quality. a bit smaller than expected
This product replaced the original motor. Time accuracy is spot on!
Very thin and I can see my old comforter through this duvet however it is nice for the price!
I was hoping I could store all 3 tips in the storage cap, only 1 fits inside at a time
Love the fact I can make the clock bright or dim plus it's easy to tell us the alarm is set or off!
Great price but came a little bent.
These are cute but they're not very long like suggested in the picture.
I got these on prime day and they are amazing for the money. Highly recommend.
good assortment for the price.
Bought to tote my Bible and note book to Bible study, and it's a bit too small to zip it closed with those three things in the bag, but still usable.
Seems to work great, I like the previous product that Hoover made for this.
Printed on good paper and looks nice in the 11x14 matted frame A present for my daughter an avid Harry Potter fan
These are very nice! Wish the stakes for the larger MERRY were taller. Since they are the same size as the CHRISTMAS stakes the MERRY doesn't show well enough. Looking for taller stakes for next year. Very sturdy and holds the color well!
After nearly two months of use, this electric heating blanket is going strong. It is soft and easy to use and keeps us warm. A few minor issues include: a) the connection between the power cord and blanket, which requires a bit of muscle, but once secured stays connected, and b) the blanket tends to run hotter on the end where it connects to the power. I would recommend this product for it's size, comfort and heating capability. I also like that it is washable, although we haven't washed it yet.
I like the sheets but the Teal Turquoise color is more of an aqua/sky blue when I was expecting what is pictured and much darker color.
Good bench. Works for what we need it for. Does not look cheap so that's a plus. Cut wood smell which makes me wonder if the edges are unfinished. We dry it each night as well as squeegee the shower so I hope it lasts a long time
This product is comfortable. It is definitely not cooling.
it was amusing while it lasted. I do have fairly aggressive squirrels and they were not amused. The good news is, I repurposed the unicorn head as the "Unicorn of the Apocalypse" and will hang from a branch for Halloween.
I loved the pillow when I first received it and it was so full and cradled my head perfectly. Sadly even before a week is was lumpy and deflated The company does give you extra foam, which I did use and I did put the pillow on dryer on low for 10 minutes like they said, but to no avail. The company includes a card with an email address asking you to contact them if issues and they'd help you. Only I have tried emailing twice and no-one has gotten back with me. I changed my review due to Customer Service did contact me after 3 weeks. They apparently had a holiday, I think they are in another country. I know that inside the pillow case you receive it says you can dry for 10 minutes on low - Do not do this! Per the company they are not dryer safe. They are sending me a new pillow to see if it is any better. Due to them trying and now having a little more insight, I've changed my review.
These were cute; but the wrong size was panel was delivered from what I ordered . bummer
You may want to double these if your using hot glue
These tea lights were exactly what I wanted. All 24 work perfectly out of the box. The reason for the missing star is because I paid extra for next day delivery, which didn't happen. These turned out to be 48 hour tea lights rather than 24 hour. So be forewarned if you have a deadline, and order accordingly. Otherwise you should be happy with them - nice safe, flickering light.
For me, I will have to play with it some more so my hair can remain straight. Towards the end of the day it started to curl again but only slightly. Overall I was happy with the product because it was better than my previous hair straightener. It was quicker and easier to use.
Honestly bought this for a one-off gag and i intended on throwing it out after getting some laughs out of it but it has quickly become a favorite blanket for visitors to wrap themselves in. Loses on star for being blank on the underside though. It really shows the moment the blanket isn't cleanly laid out. Definitely recommend the largest size
I burn Nag Champa incense every day. The wax scent is very close. Softer-smelling, in wax form. I like it very much.
Disappointed in the quality.
I wanted a decorative piece on my counter. This bottle holder is fun, unique, and pretty! I love the color.
they're fit for purpose.
Nice soft sheets for the price!
Very nice embellishment for my nose. Easy to change in an out and hide post.
Will order again. We found these sheets to be a good quality for the price. Some say they were scratchy, but found to be soft....but we do not like microfiber, so these were just what we were looking for. The only reason a 4 star was given, was due to the slight wrinkling...but again the sheets are 100% cotton.
I ordered these because, like many people, I had a handful of "junk drawers" that were lined with all sorts of crap: pens, pencils, rulers, wires, a thermometer, all sorts of nuts and bolts, etc. It was an absolute mess. I decided to order the organizer on a whim after a particularly frustrating day of searching for one particular wire that ended up being buried under a mountain of other worthless garbage. The product itself is simple enough: it's some black plastic bins that fit nicely enough into my drawer, though unfortunately the desk I have means that the dimensions of the organizer didn't fit perfectly. Still, the plastic is malleable enough that with enough pushing and shoving the thing will fit wherever you need it to. The top component doesn't slide. Instead you have to forcibly push it back and forth to get it to move, but otherwise the product does exactly what I needed it to: it stores my loose junk in a convenient way for a pretty cheap price.
Has a very strong smell, but it doesn't last as long as some other brands. For the price, I would buy again.
This product is so awesome and cute. Oh and portable. You can literally bring this on the go and since you dont need battery to power the device, you can plug a cable to recharge it. The design of the product is nice. It looks like Baymax or a cute snowman haha! Shaving quality is really good, it removes majority of the linen off the clothes. Highly recommended, if you need to clean up some of the extra linen from your clothes that doesnt feel comfortable.
The first one did not expand even after 3 days. The replacement was up and ready in a few hrs. For the price range, it's good.
What I expected. Easy enough to hang.
I am super impressed with how well this works. I'd give 5 stars if the spray pump didn't leak. It says to shake before use, it leaks when trying to spray. Maybe mine is the only one leaking. I hope so. Great idea, great product, will purchase again.
I like the curtains, but they do look more of a greyish color than an off white and maybe I should've read what the packaging said because it clearly states that. I'm going to keep them and put them in my bedroom and choose something else for my living room since I was going for a different look.
seems to be strong enough to hold the tree which is pretty heavy and has 3 pieces. Allows me to store the tree in a less compressed manner than the original box did.
Good product so far, but came with empty bottle, no oil. Advertising makes me think this will come with oil in a bottle. So far tried on thinner tiles, probably a bit of a stretch to expect this to cut anything over 8mm.
We put this on a plywood island we built that had been painted until we can replace it with the real thing. It looks great and is worth the money. It was fairly easy to apply and so far continues to hold up well.
Easy to install. They get the job done and look nice enough, however I have started to notice them tarnishing a bit after only a few weeks in the bathrooms.
So i gave four starts because you really need better mounting hardware. Installing is not hard at all but I ended up using my own sturdy mounting hardware. For the price though, you still come out on top.
I Love the colors! Thought it would be more full but still very pretty. Didn't expect the super long stems, thought it was more like a potted bouquet. I should of read description better. Would make a pretty filler or a vase for f stems were cut. Would need more then one if you needed much filler.
Filter seemed slightly too big for my vacuum.
I bought the white curtains and they definitely block out the light. The only negative about these is that they are super wrinkled and the material is strange. It almost feels like a shower curtain.
Lighter color then I thought but very nice
I love my little heater! It is easy to use and keeps me warm during the chilly nights. The only thing I have a problem with my heater is that the left dial is off so its a little hard to control but other than that everything is perfect!
Having an active toddler I am always having milk/juice/ food etc soaked on my bed and constantly having To wash my bedding, especially if it seeps through the mattress pad. I have washed it 5 times now and it stays the same and doesn't get clumpy, wish it was thicker and more fluffy but it definitely feels nice to sleep on and is a nice pattern.. and a huge plus you can wash it and not worry about ruining It.
The design side of the pillow lacks softness. They look nice but I'm not sure I want to put my face on it for a nap.
I really liked the design on these, they seem like they are very well made. The material is thicker than I expected but because of it, they seem like they will last long.
Serves its purpose, just wish it was a little thicker and bigger. Doesn't quite fit completely around the seat. Definitely a great purchase though for up here in Alaska ;-)
They are definitely quilters pins, they get the job done. the container they come in doesn't seal shut so you have to be very careful, tape it closed, or get a new container to keep them in. Otherwise they do the job and aren't particularly remarkable, they're exactly what I expected when I ordered them and worked exactly how I needed them to. If you need something dependable and expected, this is the way to go.
I absolutely love this tree. It took me a good solid 3 hours to get together, but it turned out better than I had hoped! I put it so it wraps around the corner, and I love how that turned out. Yes, this was an absolute bear to put together. The instructions were absolutely worthless- everything came numbered, etc, but the numbering was off and the diagram was all backwards, so I knocked off a star.
Hard to find. Looks great. But awfully pricey for plastic.
It fits my set nicely and is very comfortable and pretty to look at.
My daughter loves it.
You really need two people to place this on your counter. I left some squiggly marks. It really looks nice.
Looks nice and cute with my Christmas tree. Good for kids play. I love the Santa design but there is glue left on the skirt. Except that this skirt is prefect for this price.
Cute but don't have a picture hook that I prefer.
It worked really well and stayed on all night to help us find our tent in the dark.
Good blanket and nice color, but some threads had to be pulled from the back.
Item arrived on time and in good condition. It is lighter than I thought, but it serves the purpose. It looks just like the advertisement and is a good conversation piece.
charms are bright, painted nice.
Smaller than expects but cute
The Broom itself is fine. I'm taking a star off because I ordered the red and white one and I received a yellow one. I don't understand how a seller can mess that up. It says the color on the box.
The paper does not rip out easily and I ruined a few pages trying to rip it out. But paper is thick and nice. The glitter did not get everywhere which was a perk.
I bought this for my daughter. It works as it should, is attractive and well made. I'm not crazy about the special size bags needed, but I suppose you could put regular garbage bags in the interior liners. A little pricey, but Simplehuman is a well made product.
I purchased two covers for our small sectional. I purchased the sofa size and the loveseat size. They fit our Wayfair couch perfectly and they look nice. We use our couch A LOT and these slip off every night and I find myself readjusting them the next day. They come with an elastic strap that that is meant to help hold them in place. It does help a bit. If you have a puppy that gets the naughty bug, they may try to bite the strap. Mine does. Also, my boyfriend does thrash around a lot while sitting (more than my puppy) so the covers slipping may be due to his inability to sit still for long. Usually, if its just me and the pup, things stay put. Overall happy with the purchase. I'm sure any couch cover would have issues with slipping unless it's completely custom. It suits our needs of keeping the couch in tact as our puppy grows up.
They are ok for the price. While they are pretty sturdy I found that the bottom cover is useless for two reasons. 1. The magnets are way too small and they are not strong at all. When you lift up the bamboo box the tissue box just falls right out. 2. The opposite metal parts are just glued to the bottom cover, one box arrived with both metal pieces already off. I just use the box without the bottom cover.
These are adorable. The only thing is the standing ones don't balance too well. 100% glad I got them.
So soft and fit well
It got the job done just didn't fit on my door where it would hook on.
Seem good quality. Kinda stiff to move in them but cute
I loved the dots. Some of my students were a little too ocd with them and picked st the edges. When they arrived the orange dot wasn't completely sealed and the sticky part was exposed and I wasn't able to use that one but it worked out as I only needed 5 at my table. I will order more so I have replacements for the ones that get over used.
I used this as a photo booth backdrop, worked great.
Shelf is cute. It is lightweight so you couldn't put heavy stuff on it, but it is working great for my little dust -catchers. It is unfinished wood, so someone crafty could paint it, etc. The shelves are not attached, they just sort of slide in. I am happy with it!
Son loved this for his room door. Smaller than expected though.
Very useful small boxes they can hold batteries, matches, ties i love them.
Overall I love this! It's a little different than the color of the photo/swatch shown. It's a nice material of cotton too. I had a duvet cover before with buttons. Let me say, zippers are way easier/faster/cooler! I might buy a few more to change out the colors once in a while.
Its perfect for my purpose, its lite weight is perfect, and so soft and warm. I stopped using an electric blanket because this one is so much more comfortable.
Open up bath tube drain and smooth sailing down the drain.
Now I don't have to search all over the house for my keys. A place for everything and everything in it's place! You could designate any old ash tray or bowl to fill the same role I suppose, but it's got versatile compartments and an attractive design. Only flaw I see is the hole in the bottom for phone charger would have the tray sitting unevenly on the cable if I actually made use of it.
Came really wrinkled but it's cute
Marker goes on well but its really more of a blue than Slate Grey.
Rug for in front of toilet stained-washing did not remove stain
One bell is broken. But overall is a good product.
Really soft and not too heavy. My only criticism is that I would have liked it to be a bit wider. It's probably fine if you just have one person in the bed, but once you get 2 bodies underneath it there's not a lot of extra comforter on the sides. But it's very durable. I bought this as a quickie replacement after a cat puke incident with my old comforter and I'm happy with the purchase.
For plastic, they look nice and do a great job of freeing up space in the bathroom.
fits smaller than expected
This was to cover up a "fancy" dome style drain cover in the tub. The sizing is not quite perfect and I have to place it just right as to not hit the vertical of the tub towards the faucet, but I'm able to create a seal. The suction cup for storing it when not in use doesn't stick to the walls of our shower well enough and has startled us in the middle of the night falling a few times. It does stick to glass (and I presume proper tile) well though. 4/5 would buy again
It is good for my use. The elastic tangles and is stretched on the roller. First few yards are not as tight as the rest.
I am particular about my towels and linens and took a chance on this, and I am happy I did. The towels are very absorbent and feel like they're durable. I've had them for a week now so only time will tell. But first impression-wise, no regrets.
I like it. Super cute! It looked bigger in the pictures shown, but it is still a decent size! I would buy again.
They fit a twin but they are a bit loose on my daughters twin bed.
These are great for spills, and easy to clean in the dishwasher. The only thing I disliked was having to measure and cut them to fit right.
darling with cute saying
This is a nice 5 hook wall mount rack but it's not perfect. There are some quality control issues with the unit that I received. It comes nicely packaged and includes the necessary screws for wall mounting. The item I received had some small scratches/dents which are noticeable on a laminated white surface. Furthermore, one of the hooks is not cut out evenly, leading to visible angled and not a straight cut when the hooks are not in use. For 30$ hooks, I had presumed that the company would pay a little more attention to detail and quality control. Overall a nice unit but some QA need to be fixed. Update*** Bought another for living room and love the quality, the wooden / walnut color with black hooks is beautiful.
yes, they do wrinkle when washed, so i would not get them for the spare bedroom. I don't mind the wrinkles in our sheets,because I like the thicker sheet, and these are just right, with also a softness to them.
I love how pigmented they they were true to color but are missing a color inside :( Also one broken one but im not too mad about that
Perfect for replacing worn out clips.
This mattress pad fits my bed perfectly. It's very comfortable and super soft.I'm very happy with my purchase. The product is totally worth the price.
The product was exactly as described. It was sent promptly.
Just got it, and well we shall see, so far so good.
They're soft and comfy but are a little thin. Works fine for me.
Worked well as expected.
Ordered a pair and as expected they are so cute and easy to hang. I give it 4.5 stars because of the 2 small rings that fell when I first tried to hang it (test to see how it would look) prior to washing. Anyway, you can easily sew it back so it's not a big deal. I used a rod to hang it but I include a picture on how to use the metal rings in case somebody needs it.
Perfect for fixing shirts and/or pants. Haven't used it yet, but I'm doubting the quality of the string, looks kind of flimsy. Other than that, it brings all the tools you need to fix those shirt buttons.
does not resist moisture
My problem was not with the product itself but with Amazon for not including it in an order they said was delivered. There was also no packing slip to easily locate the item number. This seller was amazing at helping resolve my issue with Amazon. I use these for nail art on clients and they are hands down, top of the line!
Very dainty but does oxidize quickly. Good deal for replacement chains for the price.
It was really wrinkled. Also, it was difficult to get it under the mattress in order to position it.
Very Pretty shower curtain. Was wrinkly but hot showers took care of wrinkles. One area not sewn together but can't really see it, will probably have to stitch before washing.
I ordered this because I was in need of a second pillow. I LOVE my feather pillow, but it goes too flat. I did some research and came across this shredded bamboo pillow. It took a while to puff up (they flatten it for packaging), but it was good by the time I went to bed that night. So far, I've felt more rested in the mornings than I did before ordering a second pillow. Would recommend.
This free standing shelf fit perfectly in the corner of my vanity counter. The color was just as described and held bathroom necessities to avoid clutter!
Time consuming to install. No directions so just wong it
I like the comforter but it is hot in the summer. Also, I had to buy a dust ruffle, Euro Shams, and throw pillows extra. I wish the set would come with everything needed.
I like that I can use it on any type of vegetable-potato, carrot, zucchini, etc-and makes low-calorie pasta.
I have 2 severally autistic nonverbal sons. I bought this for my oldest I thought it would help him sleep he sometimes uses it but my younger son (ASD) he basically took it over and has helped him a lot!!! If buying for a kid guys just remember to check the weight you don't want to get one that's to heavy for them!
easy to put together and look cute
The remote stopped working after a short while and because it is wall mounted it has become very difficult to access the controls. Very frustrating!
Lovely piece for hanging in window. Doesn't look quite as "expensive" as I thought it would, but it's okay for the price.
I love the curtains. They are great quality. They are a bit wrinkled, tho.
Although the stands appear weak, they are supporting. tiles on my shelf.
First off there were NO assembly directions. It was still easy to assemble. The biggest flaw is that the bag does not go over the rim of the stand well. It is about 1 to 2 inches too small. It looks just like the picture with the punching up of the material above the rim. I need 2 but reluctant to purchase the second one. I like great designs and this falls short or small should I say. The frame is sturdy and the rollers work well. Been using this only for a week. Annie
Great and sturdy. I use it to carry lots of sheets for my massage business and it's holding up quite well. The straps are a bit tight when the bag is full but overall it's not a big issue.
I'm quite happy with it. The colour is nice, and it doesn't look cheap. Pretty straight forward to put together (a screw driver is handy for turning the nails). The shelves are a bit shorter than expected, not quite high enough for anything but the shortest boots.
You can't see a few of the lighter colored words.
These are great, but fit a little snug on the Dyson. They are not OEM, but for the price, work great
a little flimsier than I expected but they do the job.
This is a great product. The reason I didn't give total 5 stars is: I wish it was a little bit wider than the 17 inches.
It looks great, the foot pedal operation of the lid works nicely, and the lid is soft-close which is nice. The sturdy interior liner holds a 13 gallon bag nicely - just pull it out, fit a bag into it, stretch it around the outside rim and slide the liner back in. Be aware that the stainless metal exterior skin is very delicate and thin. The first one that came had a big dent in the side. I exchanged it thanks to Amazon's painless exchange system, and received the replacement soon afterward. The replacement waste basket also had a small dent in the side. I thought what the heck, I'll live with it. It is packaged for very delicate handling (which does NOT happen in the real world). If you have young kids or grandkids using this thing - it will get dented sooner or later.
Fast shipping, item as described. Reem was partially torn open but clean with no damage. Will buy again.
A bit overpriced for me, slept on it one night and can tell there is an air leak somewhere. The quality is great and inflates and deflates relatively fast.
The only thing I would mention is that in a very small bathroom, the giant tree can feel menacing.
It's pretty but it arrived with chipped parts. More secure packaging would help. Too late to return by the time it was opened. It was a gift.
Lowest price of a split top sheet for a sleep number flex king bed. Sheets are nice. Have washed them twice with no issues. It's really well but excess fabric happens after a few days from stretching it out. They are thick, could be softer but they are not bad.
Fair price, appears to be a solid product, my daughter loves it.
Great to use for hanging jewelry
Only used it once and so far it seems to be working fine.
Nothing special in terms of placemat, does as expected, well enough made. Nice choice of colors from this vendor which is why I bought through Amazon. They are a bit more expensive than at the store, where similar mats are under $2 a piece. I purchased for the availability of the color I wanted.
These are very amusing to play with, however, very difficult to organize into a definite shape. They go where they want to go and not much you can do about it. When I see pictures of these things arranged into all kinds of geometric shapes I wonder how it was achieved.
So cute! Glad we purchased the adult size. It fits my 9 year old well. The ties are quite long to allow it to be flexible between a child and adult size.
Cover for chair as described. Satisfied .
We've only been using these for a couple weeks but have noticed the air is noticeably fresher. They blend in well so you don't know they are there.
It works well for displaying small items.
Wanted car polisher but had to buy shoe polisher to use on my bike instead..Not happy but will use it anyways..
perfect for my purses, scarfs and hats. tends to fall over if not balanced
These bookends are wonderfully sculpted, detailed, and colored. I absolutely love how these look, and I'm very pleased with them. My only gripe is that these don't feel very solid, and aren't as heavy as I'd like. I wouldn't recommend using heavy books to sandwich in-between these, as they don't seem to hold the weight. The felt material used on the bottom doesn't have much traction/hold, and I plan to replace it with something better. As a decorative piece they're beautiful, and they certainly have form & function on my bookshelf.
Easy to use and the temp is perfect!
The clock is very beautiful and goes perfectly with my room. The directions to set it up were not very clear, so it took a while to set it up. I wish there were more settings that could be assessed for alarm sound, since the alarm can be very quiet. Overall, great purchase and I would recommend.
should have been put in releasable bags
Good vibrant colors for the price I suggest buying them for someone who's trying to begin oil painting
Love it, better than an iron.
Great brushes. Great price.
nice if you a small dish rack for the bar
I liked the idea of a closet organizer with drawers, but this item is a bit too heavy and bulky for my intended use, travel. However, it is very well made and sturdy, and the drawers do indeed pull in and out easily. So, my wife loves it in the extra closet at home to organize all her sewing materials.
I like that this pump is small, rechargeable, has USB ports and lasts to inflate and deflate our two cot camping air mattresses.
some chipping of paint, worked as suppose to.
I bought this to mark leather straps (horse riding equipment). The tip included is thick for this purpose. I hope to get the available tip set, which should let me make neater markings on leather.
This is a cute little sheet for pictures. Not quite sure if it's worth having the "days" on it, but other than that, I really like it.
Came with a few smudges and one crack. It wasn't so bad that I would send it back... When I assembled it, I couldn't see the crack and it didn't make the piece weaker. I like it a lot and easy to put together, just time consuming.
I like the size and sturdiness of this item. I keep my sneakers on this shoe rack
Cheap eraser, but the rest of the kit was great.
These pillow cases are good. I thought they were going to be some amazing thing, but really there's not much difference to them and any other good quality pillow case. I couldn't find anything that stood out, but that's ok. They get wrinkled super easily.
The package looks small for the price, but there are of ton of little modeling skulls in there.
These are so pretty but I did notice the metallic gold paint wasn't applied evenly on all the votives so some of them had streaks of just clear glass showing. We used these for planting baby succulents as a party favor so it wasn't as noticeable but if you're using them for candles, I'd definitely beware of the quality.
I inflated the pillow when I got it to let the plastic smell dissipate (although I didn't find it objectionable) but when I went to deflate it a few days later I couldn't get it back in the bag. I haven't used it in flight yet, but it looks like it will be a real asset, but find a bigger bag because when you're in a hurry to get all your personal items together to land, unless you get every breath of air out of it, you won't be able to get it back in the bag.
He seems to like it. One thing I have noticed is it tears very easy so one has to be careful how you handle it when changing and making the bed
I have only had these place mats for a few weeks but the place mats are doing their job so far. I also like the color, was worried the color would vary from the pictures online.
I used this for the first time last week. I did some shorts and compression shirts for our youth football league. It came with instructions in English. Very easy to use. I will update once I use the other options that comes with it.
Nice clips. Bought for three rooms!
Works well and washes well.
I was happy with the sheet set overall. So, I wondered why both of the pillow cases were only partially hemmed. One end of each case had been left undone. Other than that, I had no other problems.
Product is fine. I was trying to use it for a different purpose and it was too high for what I needed.
This is one of the softest blankets I have ever purchased. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is that it is a little thin but I definitely would purchase again if I needed a blanket like this.
This hanging organiser is nice and sturdy. It adds so much space and accessibility to my closet! I can see everything and this is so much easier than having drawers to store my clothes.
Works ok but sometimes slips off or gets unclipped. Very hard to put on
This replaces a unit that broke after 30 years of use. While the quality of the unit looks to be of lighter material than my original, it installed easily and should outlast me. The unit came earlier than expected and works well.
I'm very pleased with this organizer. It is sturdy and fits nicely under my bathroom sink. I do wish it was a little more roomy so it could keep my curling iron and hair spray as well, but overall I'm very happy with it.
I really like this trash can. It is easy to remove the liner to change the bags and clean it. I have noticed occasional fingerprints near the lid. They are easy to remove. The only thing I don't like about this trash can is regular trash bags won't fit tightly. We have to order our trash bags. But, to be honest, the trash can is so great, I don't mind having to order the bags. The bags from simplehuman are excellent quality. I hope to use this trash can for many years. I would definitely purchase it again.
Great product! It is heavy and has a short hose but definitely picks up dirt and animal hair.
I like the design and with the template it is very easy to put on the wall. However the quality of the frames are just average, not top notch.
Bought this wreath for my mother. She loves it. It comes packaged very well. The flowers look very real. I think it might be a tad over priced. I would definitely buy from this seller again
A little flimsy but we aren't using them for sweaters... these are our walnut drying racks 😂. Wish I could add a photo! I will buy these again if I need more.
easy break- pretty- two were broken when received-
I used this contact paper when I remodeled my office. I repainted and customized my file cabinets. Project turned out great! Reason for only 4 stars, paper stretches easily so it is very hard to apply without assistance from a second person.
These lights are real nice solar is the only way to go with outside ligts no more extension cords to deal with no high electric bills. These have an on and off button as well as several settings for flashing and solid. The only reason to knock down to 4 stars is these are not colored they are white light. Not what it says they are
Love the concept and format. However, my binder came damaged (bottom ring will not close completely
We had purchased a cheap box mattress (Zinus) from amazon and while it served its purpose of not being too 'limp' and hurting my hips, it was REALLY hard. I purchased this to help with comfort and its amazing! I have noticed that I get REALLY hot but guys the comfort is 5 star!
Soft and easy to wash.
I ordered two of the frames and they came in two different shipments, from two different vendors. One came in a sturdy cardboard that protected the frame and the other came in a plastic bag with no protection. So obviously the one with no protection came cracked at one side of the frame. I should have returned it, but it was going where it wouldn't be noticeable, so I kept it. The other frame was perfect.
Nice table runner! Well made and great addition to our decor!
Great product for cleaning brushes even when I used them for nail art. Easy to use and I do enjoy the lemon scent.
Very nice curtains. They look and feel expensive. Only 4 stars because they do not block out the traffic lights going by at night. They do a nice job of cutting down on the sunlight streaming in the window in the morning and look great during the day!
I have used this for about 2 months and just ordered a second. My succulents stopped stretching, the light should just about be touching the plants and the light pattern doesn't spread. Basically only the plants directly under the light benefits. It does get hotter than I expected LEDs to get.
I have had these sheets for awhile now and feel like I can give my honest review. I'm new to microfiber sheets, I usually purchase sateen or bamboo but thought I would give these a try. First off they are very vibrant in color, I bought the light blue ones so no complaints there. I have washed them three times, no fading, shrinking, wrinkling or unraveling, so two thumbs up for that as well. My only problem is these are very thin (which I love)but they hold in the heat, so not very breathable. Better for cooler weather, summer weather not so much. They tend to also catch hair, I have a dog who also likes the bed. All in all I will put these sheets away until fall, but for the price they are worth it!
I am very satisfied with the 2 sets of sheets I ordered. While I have only had time to use one set, they are very satisfactory. I will surely order again when these 2 sets need to be replaced.
Excellent emergency kit, but I had to spend hours finding the opening thread on each spool. (Not saying that difficulty is unique to this kit.)
I would purchase again
Mom loved it! Quick delivery
It's a nice bed considering it's a air mattress. Not uncomfortable. Super easy to put together. My husband likes how it looks. And my dog and me trying it out this week before few guests arrives this month. So far so good. It's nice, not uncomfortable, and great for guests solution for a rental apartment. It seem to be good quality!
I've had this desk for about 6 months now, and it's held up well with all the textbooks, magazine, electronic devices, and other miscellaneous items I've placed on it. The instructions were easy to read and I assembled the pieces all by myself, it took 30mins tops. I'm glad that the corners of the table which are pointing out are curved! Overall it's very stylish and sturdy and pretty much worth the money!
Using this to sew up denim and thick material.. feels like it lasts forever and good quality
I'd like to lower the whole rack down from the shower head
At first when I opened these I was kind of disappointed that they weren't filled as much as I would have hoped. However they are very soft and plushy and need time to puff up once removed from the vacuum sealed bag. It only took one night of sleeping with them to change my mind and decide to keep them. Its so hard to find pillows that feel like these do. I hate that cotton pillow filling feel. These aren't like that. They are fluffy moldable down alternative. Not as fluffy as your average hotel pillow but definitely nice. Probably more of a medium full. I've tried a lot of pillows and these are the closest to what I like...close enough that I'm satisfied with keeping them instead of doing the trial and error order and return ordeal. Plus you get two. For the price 2 pillows like this is definitely a steal.
Batteries last almost a full week when left on constantly.
I bought these as guest towels for our new home and they've been great so far. I recommend washing them a few times before use in order to soften them, but overall they're a great towel for a guest bathroom. I prefer thicker towels for our day to day, but they've been great for what we've used them for.
I recently got into crystals and these are a perfect set for a beginner. It has most of what you need for a starter set. Size was exactly what I expected. The bag they came in feels a bit cheap, but otherwise I was very satisfied with my purchase.
just what I ordered and on time
Decent quality artist canvases
Love it but way too tall for my sunbeam.
This blanket has been god sent . I have a tempur P bed that if I do not heat it up before getting in , its stone cold and then I sink in. I like a cold room to sleep in, so this is my why I need it, So now am very happy . As always Thank You.
The material is good. The parcel arrived early. Thanks
A little bigger than I'd hope but still cute
It looks beautiful on the bed however the material quality is poor I had to sew it twice
We just got these today and I am overall pleased. The colors are definitely vibrant and my 17 month old loves playing with these. Overall the quality wasn't amazing as seen in the pictures but I can't complain too much about them otherwise.
It's on my bed now. The picture led me to believe there was some texture on the opposite side of the sherpa but there isn't. It's just a print. Nevertheless, it's a great blanket.
These were cute but I didn't really like how they turned out after assembling them. In their defense I was rushing to do them last minute and I probably didn't do it right but they ended up getting stuck to each other and no one thought they were worth the hassle of unsticking them for pictures. But take your time assembling them and I think they were worth it.
I gifted this to a good friend that had a necklace similar to the earrings. She just loves them.
Worked better than expected and repairs are durable and water proof
Super easy to use. Very visible on clothing and very easy to remove once done.
Much smaller then expected. Just barely holds my adult toothbrush head for an auto toothbrush. But it IS cute and I can still use it. But it is more kid toothbrush size in comparison to the other types. I used to have the owl one until it broke. Very secure on my mirror though.
This is a great little unit. I used on a mid sized kiddie pool. Noting the warning that unit should NOT be operated for more than 5 minutes at a time on inflatable like mine, it took awhile to get it inflated. But for the price, it can't be beat. Just be sure to not operate more than 5 minutes at a time, than give it time to cool off. Great value. Works well.
I thought it was a great buy but needs to be 36 inches wide. I didn't see where that size was available.
This is so clever and bright as heck. Be careful where you stick it and make sure you understand how the light comes off from the base or you can get it stuck turned the wrong way as a friend did on her sewing machine. The arm only bends only so far, so must get it where you want it first. I got mine in position, stuck to the left side of my Aria sewing machine, started sewing and realized the vibration of the machine shakes the light! This make the light vibrate, too, which will give you a headache as it looks like the light is dimming and brightening repeatedly! This is not the light's fault, but vibration is a concern if you are sticking this light to anything that can vibrate, like a sewing machine. If I set my machine to sew at a slower speed I do not have the vibration so the light works fine, illuminating the foot area beautifully! I even have a new machine with stadium lighting, but this adds that extra punch of light right at the foot where I need it, especially when using a 1/4” foot with a built in black guard on it! Other quilters I spoke with love this light. I was told I was teased that I sew too fast and thus am the only one having a concern about the vibration. So, get it and enjoy!
I was expecting this to be dark, way darker then what your image shows, so I was quite disappointed when I received it. My apologize, I have to give a 4 stars because this was not what I expected. This does not take away from the beauty colors that it has either way. Sill nice and colorful, which was the main point, but wanted dark and colorful
Smaller than picture. Thin plastic.
The color was just like picture, the fabric had no smell and had a wonderful texture it wasn't as filled or fluffy ,however it has lost its original fullness. So that's awesome and for the price amazing.
LOVE IT ONLY ISSUE I HAVE, I WANTED SILVER NOT GOLD
Works great and saves a ton of space; just remember that you will not be able to pick and choose from the items on the stacker. You can only grab the ones from the top.
Good looking medium duty hooks. Would not use for winter coats or tools but great for other applications. Arrived just as described.
I'm happy with this product. The rubbery part holds shirts in place very well. Saves a lot of room in the closet.
Very nice quality blanket. It is a bit finicky with the ties inside the duvet. The actual weighted blanket doesn't want to stay in the same place at all times inside the duvet. Blanket is a good weight. It is big enough for 2 adults on a queen size bed. Doesn't quite fit the king size bed, but it is close. Overall satisfied with the item. My only issue was the ties inside the duvet coming untied if not double knotted.
Great set. They are not the Same size . I did not notice that until after purchase . I Purchased a second set so I can have two of the same size . I'm happy with the purchase
Dynamite little heater with hot air instantly. Heated up the room in a jiffy. Just what I needed!
Great blanket. Light and fluffy - the individual pockets really help keep it even throughout.
Love the patterned and the sheets are not too soft but they are perfect t for a summer night. Love it.
Nice looking drapes. It is hard to find pinch pleated drapes these day so it was nice to find some at a decent price.
These were a great price! The quality was also good. However they don't have deep enough pockets for my ridiculously tall mattress. Whomp Whomp.
What I really enjoy about this duvet cover is how soft the material is and the comfort you get when you touch it. I've had some duvet covers that are simply not good, they are all crunchy and sleeping under them is a nightmare. This one also comes with matching pillow cases and I really like how you can tie the duvet down to the corners.
Provably wouldn't put a lot of weight on it. Looks nice once hung.
These really work as well as they say. I was more than surprised!
Thought I was buying armor for my wife's jewelry, but it's just a cabinet with a mirror. Some minor finish problems, but not too noticeable. Otherwise, nice layout.
Perfect condition. They are made of a thinner paper, so if you were expecting thicker cardstock, it is not that. However, if you want them just for the pictures, they are high quality print, i have bought V, Suga and RM so far, and they have all been worth the money.
Decent small compact alarm clock. Simple and easy to use, but could be a little cheaper for what it is. Includes a night light, snooze function and alarm.
After 4 years, our granite counters were looking dull. This cleans and shines the surface temporarily. It also leaves the surface somewhat oily, but no doubt that's an improvement.
I have a hard time sleeping at night and this blanket is a game changer. It feels like someone is hugging you but not in a restrictive kind of way. I love that it came with a nice mink cover. It's cozy and comforting. I got the 15lb blanket and I think it's the perfect weight. I will say thay I was trying to sleep with my duvet and the weighted blanket and that was too much. I use a sheet and the blanket and that is the perfect combo. I've let a few of my friends use it while we are sitting on the couch and they are believers too!!
I removed the cover for washing, zipper broke, bummer
It's a great light and looks really nice. I only bought it because I have one that's a little smaller for my closet but that one is wireless. Not reading all the details I thought this was wireless as well but was saddened to find out that it wasn't. Didn't return it as it's a great lamp and will give as a gift instead.
It was ok. Kind of more of a throw blanket than a bed blanket
Got this to store some of our wedding souvenirs. Wished it was bigger, but its very sturdy and great design.
So soft. Highly recommend
seams sturdy and brushes dirt
these were what I expected a nice cotton curtain
compact and functional...the only reason for the 4 stars is because the drop tray is too small and doesn't extend all the way to the cutlery holder. But other than that, I really like it
This hamper wasn't exactly what I was looking for, but the manufacturer did an awesome job helping me find a better option. Really appreciate the excellent customer service!
The duvet is really soft. It lost it's brand new look after I washed it right out of the package as I usually do with anything before use but still looks nice on my guestroom bed. We'll see how many more washes I get out of it.
Love everything but the price. If it lasted a lot longer, then it would be worth the price as the scent doesn't burn off all at once.
I like this cover, but I am on my second one because the material wears out. It is comfortable, easy to wash and great for my dog. I will probably keep buying this cover because it comes in the colors I want.
These are good but could be thicker or more study
Pillows arrived in soaked on one end box, pillows were damp . Because of the expense I stuck them in the dryer and they came out alright, but not acceptable packaging
It's not exactly what I was looking for, but it is a beautiful throw. It's very soft and the included pillow covers are a plus.
Nice light weight quilt. Gorgeous colors.
As tea towels, they work just fine. However, I hand embroider tea towels, and these are a little too thin for the project I'm working on. Would buy again to use functionally, but not to embroider with.
Several of these came with holes in them marked with masking tape. Luckily we were using them on hay bales for a wedding so a pretty and perfect blanket wasn't the expectation. But had I bought these for gifts I would have been livid!
Hey I just got this and so far I like it a lot! I ordered a dif one last week but returned it because it seemed to bang around and was also flimsy. This one was easy to assemble, and there were no rough edges, mismatched holes or missing hardware. Instructions easy, but it's so simple you don't really need them. I took another reviewers advice and put the rungs from largest on top to smallest on bottom and like how that works, allows a bit more drying space. There is of course some minor movement of the rack because the bottom isn't fastened down, but following another reviewer's advice, put some leftover rug pad fabric under the top hooks to get a snug, quiet fit and to keep from scratching the paint. Also, as mentioned by yet another reviewer, I ordered some little stick on cushions, but didn't h ave them yet, i just used the tiny little square band-aids on all of the protruding screws on back and it worked great. I might just leave them since they don't show. (all the screws are in the back, at least 12 of them, and they all stick out from the frame and will scratch up the finish on your door with the movement of adding and removing towels.) So, now no scratching of the paint and also is quieter, no banging and all the connections are tight. If you put a bath size towel on this, you'll have to fold in it half, so not great if you want it for drying. But works great for washcloths and hand towels spread out to dry. Will update if any change, but this simple rack i think is better than the other choices. They really should include the stick on bumpers for the screws in back with the purchase, though.
I was concerned it wouldn't be big enough to hold my very full 9 ft tree. I was pleasantly surprised. VERY big bag. Hope it holds up for several seasons but seems to be well worth the price.
They seem to stick alright depending on where they are put. But you can always re iron it on if needed.
I love these in my bathroom and get compliments on them all the time. The only thing I've noticed is that the soap dispenser leaks from the top... which is a bummer.
Needed a darker pink for my granddaughter's room but keeping these for myself.
I needed brown towels for a bathroom in a pinch, and these were perfect! I'd prefer the color to be a little deeper, but these are great for the price!
I love the cord and it's fast retract ability. It seems to vacuum well but sometimes you have to go over pet hair a few times. Already had to replace the rubber band on bottom once so far. It's easy to empty out and clean. Has attachments to make things easier and can go under coffee tables quite well.
There's not a noticeable difference between settings 1 and 2. Then when switching to setting 3, it's a huge jump. Couldn't setting 2 be more intermediate?
I'm only taking away a star because it seems a little smaller than I was expecting but it is a very beautiful set. If the size is what you are looking for I would recommend.
It came folded up so I've filled it and am hoping the creases are gone soon
Bought these for our two ugly couches. Super easy to put on, and they look good, however our dog has destroyed two sets so far... In fairness she's destroyed all of our couches to date, but I was hoping these would be a little more resistant to her nails :( price is great. Unless you have to replace them every 3 months. Still searching for a better solution.
Bought this for my sons home for the guest bedroom .We were planning a long visit and did not care for the previous mattress he had.So we had this delivered ahead of time Put on-top of box spring. Really worked out for us .Sleeping much better!
Very soft. They are slippery. Hard to keep on the bed. But nice.
I bought the twin duvet cover and i feel like it's a little big for my actual comforter that goes inside so it tends to bunch up in certain areas. I got the gray color but i would say it looks a little bit purple, which I don't really mind. Other than the size I'm happy with it.
Update: the clock I received was damaged. The seller reached out and made it right. Very good experience with this seller. This is NOT a silent clock. It does not have a standard tick every second, it's more like 10 every second. If I still had the box I would return it.
Not very absorbent, but they look good and so far after several months of heavy use are holding up well.
Easy to assemble but could be made more durable.
It's nice and I am using it but it's smaller than I though and a little pricy
I love these! They are true to the picture, they fit the standard throw pillow size that I have. The fabric is thick and comfortable.
It certainly does what it is intended to do. I do believe it is a bit pricey for just a small piece of plastic, but there really isn't anything else on the market.
Very nice sheets for reasonable price.
Thinner than I expected but they work good for throw pillows.
Made an ironing pad out of this. I used one layer of this and one layer of regular cotton fabric on each side. This works pretty well, though some heat does make it through to the other side. I tried both sides of my mat to see if there's a right/wrong side to the fabric -- I think there might be? In any case, this definitely protects whatever underneath it. I iron dry so can't say if it stops moisture from getting through. This does crinkle loudly, which I didn't expect. Kind of like a chip bag but quieter. Also not sure if I should store it folded up, as it seems to remember creases decent well.
A little flimsy but works.
I really like these brushes. Only problem is that the #1 immediately started shedding bristles right out of the box. Lost about half the bristles in my first session with it. Other brushes in the set have been just fine though, so probably just an anomaly.
I use this as a crafting glue. The hold is strong, once dry, and it is advantageous to use as it gives a little time to place pieces, or move them around, before sticking. You don't get much for the money, but as a crafter, I do use this when I want some "play time". Also, the head has a "v" shape tip, so it is difficult to use in small areas. You can buy adapter tips which make a pin-sized stream, so I recommend that if using this for thin die cuts or precise gluing.
The mattress was super easy to blow up with an electric inflator. It's light weight, nice looking, and sturdy, as well as long! Not quite as comfortable or as wide as my dream mattress would be, but great for the price and we will use it often!
I liked that they were packaged in resealable bags. Since I don't know all flowers by site, I wished they had been labeled. I did a Google search and figured things out. The Lilly Petal didn't didn't travel as well as the others. Yet, I'm sure I will find some use for the Lilly Petal Powder in the near future. By the time I got around to writing this review, I had already used the Green Tea. I mixed it with glycerin soap base (melt & pour) and green tea/cucumber fragrance. I'm new at this and I think it came out okay!
I like this but i wish the lid was stronger.
I use this thing a lot. Mainly for odor removal. Everything smells like fresh air now
Could of got another star if there were size options
Looks just like picture
The album came slightly damaged, but that's alright. I am missing my yellow wood card and photo though, which kind of disappointed me. EDIT: Yellow wood preorder card and photo arrived separately.
I like this clock even more than I thought I would. The light weight of the clock surprised me but it hangs just right and is easy to lift for changing time. It is attractive and keeps perfect time.
First off, let me say I am really pleased with this duvet. It's soft and looks great on my bed. However, I read all the reviews beforehand and they mentioned that there was a zipper and said it was nice and easy to remove the comforter because of this. Mine has buttons - NOT a zipper. I was a little bummed about that, but other than that it's a great duvet and it's a great price.
The trade off of stiff bristles is better cleaning power, but more potential to spray water and soap around. I find these brushes to work well, last a while (several months), and are easy to disinfect with bleach to keep them clean and functional before eventually replacing. Based on all the reviews I avoided the sponge attachment and am perfectly fine with the brushes.
It is surely a beautiful piece!!! I did not mount it on the wall. The heat comes from the top, so when someone says it does not feel the heat, because the heat comes from the top, not from the front. It heats up the area quickly. We love it.
As desired, good for the price
Very heavy plastic. Needed 2 people to get it on mattress. Used duct tape to seal.
I bought this for a gift, but I just had to keep it. You will be amazed how beautiful it is. Makes great gifts!
This is a great little humidifier! I have it for my desk at work and it really helps! I will say that the 6 hour run time is definitely off, I fill it at least 2x a day at work (I'm there for 8 hours). This isn't a problem for me though since I don't mind getting up and filling it while at work. I would be scared to leave it on at home while I slept though in case it ran out, i wouldn't want to ruin it. Overall I think it's a great little humidifier for the price!
Looks great although the eye is bigger than expected, which is a little creepy. Fortunately the recipient did not mind the size of the eye, but the picture should be a little more to actual scale.
Perfect color for doing a mermaid tail bunting.
Very nice product, great thickness, and a nice touch to black out any knots with black paper. My only small complaint is that widths did slightly vary. This won't be an issue for vertical installations, but with "subway" style applications you might have issues keeping your rows aligned without the use of a table saw.
4 stars may change to 5. I'm going to put it in the dryer and see if that helps fluff it a bit. Otherwise soft smooth colors are correct.
The bags does not hold as much as I would like and it is not as durability as well. These are still decent bags otherwise.
After reading the reviews for this blanket, I pretty much had to order one. I've been searching for a cozy, warm, soft blanket for a while now. This pretty much fits the bill. Pros: STUPID soft, medium/well warm, pretty, definite cuddle material Cons: It's a little thin, the two fabrics are only pinned together in places (not all over), and it holds a lot of static I love using this blanket - it's very soft and it keeps me warm. It's not the best quality blanket, and the static can be somewhat problematic (I did run it in the dryer with a bunch of dryer sheets and it put a dent in it, but it's winter and the air is dry). In the end, I had to order a second one so my husband would stop stealing mine. And I might have to get another because my dogs are obsessed with pulling mine on the ground. So I would definitely recommend.
Lightweight quilt. Great colors.
Just like picture very heavy feeling like good wuality can be horizontal or vertical. Easy to slip pieces into each other , looks nice , BUT. The bottom two pieces aren't crooked. Naturally. The way the pieces are cut to fit each other's must be crooked i even showed it in the pictures on the level it comes with, the bottom one is noticeable unfortunately but I'll just keep it.
As expected....no frills but does what you need.
I have this hung in my guest bedroom. It is a nice addition to the space. Easy to hang.
Wow this pillow is very soft it has changed the way I sleep with my normal pillow I wake up feeling tired and not awake with this pillow I feel recharge not tired be carful their two versions one firm and soft version so make sure you Choice correctly
They seem well made and have a nice pull to the magnet. I only gave 4 stars because the description is WRONG. Someone doesn't know the difference between a "set" and a "piece". A "set" is what it takes to make a purse close... front piece, back piece and the washers...one for each side. This package I just got through counting is 50 sets....NOT nearly 100. I suggest that Amazon or the seller correct this error...very misleading.
Nice sturdy shelf for what i need it for. I would buy again.
If I can give you any helpful advice when it comes to this product this is it: Go onto the cricut website and pull up their list of compatible devices before you purchase this. Please note you cannot use this in conjunction with a chrome book and some other devices. There is an app software called design space that you must use with this machine. You cant just open the box and go. Mine is still sitting in the box because I dont have the kind of computer necessary to download the app. I only have a chromebook. I wish they would make it compatible with chromebooks.
This is ok, but my thinner handles like a Swiffer, fall out easily. Easy to install, does well with "regular size" things like brooms and mop.
Decent sheets, comfortable and cozy for winter.
Thought I bought bigger ones. These are a tad bit small
I like it but is not as detailed as portrayed in the pictures. But still good
So far so good. These don't have the same diamond sharp tip as other scissors I've bought but also haven't filled as bad when my daughter used them on paper. These are a little small when my hands swell due to arthritis.
Look great in bedroom "cubbies".
Love it all around material is not cloth though
This is a beautiful pillow that allows a lot of colors in a room to be tied together. A little overstuffed but can't gripe for the great price.
A convenient and compact wine rack that fits into a fairly standard condo kitchen closet
I like everything except i cant always get it to stay tilted. It will slowly fall back to the normal position so im bending forward to get in the mirror
I like quality, although the color is between grey and navy.
I bought this to pick up fresh fruits and vegetable at our co-op. It is study and holds a lot. The handles are strong, as it gets pretty heavy at times. I have used it for a variety of other tasks also. It may not be as pretty as some of the "book party" totes, but it is good and sturdy and works great for me.
This thing is easy to put up and and easy to hang. It looks so nice in my living room. It is attractive.
Fits well, and provided what it was purchased for.
Great coffee bean canister. Only drawback is that it rests on its hinges a little awkwardly and opens crooked. But seals great. Would buy again.
Would be 5 if a little brighter
This product is good. It came well packed and was easy to assemble. The only issue is that the upper ring hangs slightly to one side if you place heavy jewelry unevenly.
Truth be told, these colors are not bight, but the picture is accurate. I needed them because I didn't want bright colors, I wanted muted colors, which is what these are. Only one white, and one black, but so many pinks, greens, and blues that are perfect for blending colors. Also a lot of various shades of brown, tan, goldish, but I like doing Celtic art in my needlework, so they work for me. They are not going to work well for nursery art, or colorful flower gardens, but the greens are great for stem work and leaves. The browns would be good in landscapes or the new trend in doing a gift receiver's house for wedding presents. The quality is similar to what you get when you buy a kit to do. They tangle so use short strands. They do have a sheen.
Were easy to hang and look very nice. The balls on the end were a little scuffed but can't notice once I put them up.
This item is what zi expected however disappointed about the very sharp piece of hard plastic that sticks out on the front middle of the presser foot. I circled the sharp plastic in blue. It does fit my Baby Lock Aria just fine.
I like it...but the coating does chip off.
I suppose it's doing it's job, fits good.
Absolutely love!!! Color is brighter than advertised.....Orange is more comparable to the crayon color. The Black is actually Navy.! However, the quality and design are amazing. You'll pay around the same at target .... but you get a unique design here. Only giving 4 stares because the color shown is very misleading to actual product. Everything else is amazing!! Wanted to add that packaging was nicely done. You get the feeling that you've ordered something with quality. Thank you for considering the first impression of your product
Waffle weave towel is great to dry off with. Odd shape and not your neat rectangle. Ok to hang on a hook with the attached loop. Dries out quickly. Would be careful when washing to keep away from other items that might catch on the woven material. So far mine is holding up just fine.
I have tried other transfer tape but like this best. This is the second roll I've ordered. It isn't too sticky and I like the grid lines for accuracy!
Like the fact that I can arrange myself
It's good. Just wish it smelled better.
Good product for the price. Would purchase again
Very nice and light.
It definitely is easily cuttable and you can shape whatever you want but the fact that it's so flimsy makes it a real turnoff.
Very pleased with purchase. Love the color
While I wouldn't trust this on a big bike it's fine for my scooter. Having 1 1/14 in handlebars makes it hard to find inexpensive cup holders.
Perfect fit for my humidifier. As luck would have it, the humidifier died a week after I bough these filters.
Good, used for flowers and greenery the stems barely fit into the bucket but they still served their purpose.
Has taken a lot of the musty smell from my basement
was size I was wanting
More of a cream colored and black. Not a bright white.
Very nice, pretty, arrived promptly and washes well
Awesome for prime knit sneakers, but do seem to run small Sz. 12. also not for dress shoes!!
Lots of small pieces. Punch out ability varies on weight of paper. Lighter paper tears when trying to push out. My solution was to cut two pieces of cardstock together (layered on top of each other.
Just what I expected.
I am very satisfied with these hangers. I purchase the brown wood color version. They look very sophisticated in my closet. I am sure all the colors are of high quality. The hangers are strong and have a nice firm grip to them. It was important that I found hangars that could hold heavy jeans and heavy wool pants. These hangers absolutely met my goal! The only improvement I could suggest, would be that they were an inch longer. I found that some of my items were wider and therefore not completely in the grip of the hanger.
These laundry bags are really convenient for people who don't have lots of clothes in the laundry. Whenever I do laundry, I am always scared of losing my socks in the laundry. However, these I use these to make sure that I don't lose them! I also put my bras in here so they're easier to separate. These are perfect for people who like to have some organization when it comes to doing laundry I guess. I wished the bags were little bigger for everything so I could put more socks and small clothes.
We have not worked on it yet so we will return with a review Was delivered on time.
We were looking for a nightlight for my daughter's room and this is what my wife chose. When we opened it up it appeared a little different than what we thought it would from picture on site but it still looks really nice and several colors to change it to. You can even make it flash different colors. Can run off batteries or plugged in Pictures added for clarity in what you will receive..
It's exactly how it looks! I'm using it for my fun home theater room!!
Pretty good - some bristle shed but I gave the big one a good workout.
Only deducting 1 star for plastic retainers that when installed deformed and made it difficulty to put the final caps on for the screws.
Bought the bolster pillow and it is really soft and good quality. I rated a 4 star because I would have liked a removable cover/case for it and maybe a little more stuffing for more support since it really flattens quite a bit after resting your neck on it for awhile.
I love the way it looks. But when heating the transfer tape can leave residue.
This are nice and came early . They are not as nice as I was thinking . I am going to place these on Christmas gifts instead of bows . I was going to give them as gifts but I have changed my mind . They are nice and will look nice instead of a bow
I use this everyday because I have a small bathroom but it doesn't fit over my door the way I was hoping.
It's a very nice duvet for the money, But the shams are way too big.
Very cute and the stars were perfect but the moon was cracked so I wasn't able to use it
So far this has been a great addition to the house. It loses one star because it sometimes has trouble docking. We have three pets and I think it clogs up the censors occasionally and that throws it off from connecting with the dock. But I'd highly recommend it otherwise.
Really smaller than I expected (didn't read dimensions) but great for a single cigar.
Works pretty good so far, just be careful when installing it to the rod, if you tighten too much it sounds like something is starting to break. Other than that it's a good product. Items description says no batteries required, but you do need 4 C batteries in order for the motor and lights to work.
I like it and all but it's a little smaller than it appears in the photos. Other than that, it arrived quickly and is what it seems to be!
Not my team but bought for a friend Nd it was not long enough on the sides
Product as expected. Only four stars because the roll was not tightly wound so there were some folds where backing had separated and the velvet had a different look.
Love the look! They definitely do not look like real tile but they are cute for what I was doing with them. 4 stars because they were a pain to install! Finished product turn out good!
Holds pans OK, no complaints. Would buy again.
This was okay....nice to have a wide variety of colors without having to pay a fortune for it.
These are nice. I was looking for something to go on my Victorian fireplace next to my antique clock. They are sitting in front of a mirror so the picture looks distorted but hey are a good compliment to my furnishings. The gold tone has a brushed antiqued look I just wish it was a little lighter to match the clock better. They were very well packed in styrofoam with little chance to break. I would recommend these
Nice thick plastic. Would recommend to a friend.
Cute. But cheap material
This is a very good flashlight. It provides good light, seems well built and sturdy. It is comfortable to hold.
Pretty good paint but the pocket set is lacking in some basic colors. The cadmium red is more like red orange, so there's no actual red color. Wish they had a black too, but instead they have 3 shades of yellow and 2 browns. Oh well, great paints otherwise.
This glue is the thin kind, not gel. The tips are very fine point. Perfect for my application, gluing fishing tubes to the jig heads. And small enough to keep in my jig box w my tubes without compromising space. I took off a star because the pin/plug always comes out of the plastic gripper, so after the first or second use you'll need pliers to pull the pin out of the tip...and they clog pretty commonly. But its a 5 pack so hey.
Love this little guy.. just wish it didnt clean in a random pattern. Great on wood floors
I got this as a gift for my mermaid obsessed sister. She loves it. I think it's a little thin and short... but hey, I'm not the one who has to use it, so, meh. As long as she is happy
Don't pay extra for one day shipping because they won't!! Got it 3 days later but it's super cute and plush for my son
Well, I've had these long enough that I feel I can write an educated review. They are very comfortable, but I couldn't use the pillowcase because it was too rough on my skin. However, the sheets are crisp and after a few washings, they become luxuriously soft, while still remaining crisp and cool. I am thinking of throwing the pillowcase in the wash every time I wash the sheets, to see if softens enough for my face. I'm sure the pillowcase would be perfectly fine for normal skin, but my facial skin is a diva and doesn't like anything that isn't as soft as silk. I have had these sheets for five months, and they are showing no signs of wear. I wash them every two weeks. They are still just as nice as they were when I got them, and as I stated above, they are softer. I definitely recommend buying them, especially if you have a twin XL mattress, because nice sheets that size are *hard* to find.
Simple, the cheapest sheets I could find but not lacking in quality. I got what i paid for and am satisfied.
Good, not great because I wish they were more absorbent as they were described. I mean common sense says they wouldn't be, but I was hopeful. Still a great product for traveling or camper life, dries very quickly.
Unit does not stay complete
This actually matched the furniture in my house perfectly and holds everything I need it to. The rack itself is sturdy but the hardware to install it was a couple of small plastic screw and we ended up getting our own supplies from Home Depot to ensure that it wouldn't rip off the wall. I'd definitely recommend it, but the seller needs to include better hardware for sure. I'd give it 5 stars if it wasn't for that!
Fits nice and looks good!
It only took me about 5 minutes to put the ruffle onto the bed. I do need to readjust it every time I change the sheets. Looks good with the quilt set.
I used it for a bed for my granddaughter to stay for a few days. The only complaint I would have is the pillows were maybe a little too thick. She pretty much hung off of it a couple of times.
I have been looking for these types of sponges for a long time. I used to use a different brand that got me hooked on this type of sponge. They last much longer then ANY other type and they can be gentle or provide that rougher scrub. My only suggestion of change on these sponges is that the ends would be trimmed shorter so they don't occasionally poke your hand.
It worked great for what we needed, a simple beach throw
I like the mattress encasement but it is huge. I have to tuck it under my mattress. My mattress is about 10" deep and the encasement fits any mattress depth up to 18". I was under the impression that it was a stretchy material. Therefore, it would fit my bed but stretch out to 18" if needed. That is not the case. I didn't send it back because I plan to get a mattress pad to put on my bed underneath the encasement so that extra room will be needed. It appears to be good quality. It's a bit sturdier than I expected, which is good. However, after sleeping on it for a couple nights, I have noticed that it causes me to sweat. It is way too hot. I might just have to call this a loss.
So easy to put together and works great in my closet. I'd definitely recommend this rack. It fit 12 pairs of shoes (some things like flip flops I just stack one on top of each other to get more space for bigger shoes
Just what I needed to secure my cardstock
When I had my new shower remodeled, the contractor advised to use a squeegee to clean the shower door and walls so I purchased this one because of the good reviews. I use it everyday to keep my shower doors and walls clean. It works really well and doesn't streak. I don't have to go over the same area more than once because it removes the water and residue the first time.
Let's start with the bad. The instructions are terrible, even by online furniture purchase standards. They omit steps, they repeat pointless instructions, they have poor pictures so you can't really follow along even by look, etc. Click on any of the folks who have left reviews talking explicitly about how good the instructions are, and it'll be obvious that they're fakes. As others have noted, it's still possible to assemble this (you'll just need to do some puzzle-solving and figure out what screws are actually needed at certain points). One more assembly note: While you don't need any extra tools, you'll find one step a little easier if you use a regular Phillips screwdriver (since the included tool is angled and you'll strain your wrist a lot more). Having said that, the chair itself is actually great. We got it for my wife, who is 4'11" and desperately needed an ergonomic chair. My wife can actually lean back and touch feet to the ground at the same time in this chair! So for all my frustration at the building process, the actual result is great (and also looks great). Not a chair for tall people, but we didn't buy it for a tall person.
Nice quality quilt but only 4 stars as I find the color is not true to expectation. It appears a faint faded gray with a green hue. Anticipated a deep, dark, slate or charcoal hue.
Great for the price. Not the color I was looking for unfortunately. The material is nice and soft. But the pattern is the material, not different materials sewn together. so to me it is not an actual quilt.
Happy with these, worked perfect for next to door window. Squares are quite a bit smaller than expected but that doesn't change my review.
Very nice sheets, although they do collect lint pretty badly. Overall they are excellent for the price!
Love the scent, it wasn't as big as I thought it would be
It is a decent humidifier until the water tank got a leak during the 3rd winter season.. Need a tank replacement now.
Exactly what I was looking for. Sturdy, not too expensive, clothes rack.
Nice product though some articles can slide under the expandable parts. I use it to organize the kids bathroom drawer (toothbrushes, closers, hair ties, hair brush etc). Bought for konmari tidying.
Cute key set, but honestly, I was looking for something bigger. When I pulled them out of the bag, I felt like I was going to bust the keys. They are very tiny. I had to return them and get bigger sturdier keys.
I have had this mattress topper for a good 5 months and I absolutely love it. It is very durable, although there are a couple rips they have not affected the overall comfortability of the topper. It is very thick. It is definitely for people who like softer beds because you sink into it. I love softer beds so this is perfect for me, but if you like firm beds and need more support for back issues, etc. than this might not be the mattress for you!
Love the little caring case, makes it easy to store in my crochet hook case and bag.
Holds everything I need it to hold. Kinda just wish the two pieces were connected.
Very nice. Happy with purchase
Very nice for the money .
Very lightweight, and shuts off instantly if it senses movement (picking up or knocked over) but it will occasionally shut off for no reason except that it over heats. Perfect size for a small office
This really smells good, tropical and fairly sweet smelling.
Easy to wipe up kids' messes, like muffin crumbs and rice. Not so much luck with pet hair.
Perfect for funko pops or other figurines. Don't know why people complain about the pealing off process, wasn't hard to take off the plastic at all.
Works better than expected and was super easy to assemble. Only reason I knocked off a star was that there were cracked pieces of plastic. I was able to hide them for the most part, but not happy they came that way out of the box. Otherwise, holds a lot of my stuff and looks pretty good too.
Good color set for begginers. See painting in review for details.
Still had a few frays but got the job done.
I ordered the ultra low profile size for my queen futon mattress. Fit well and the zipper system seems to work well.
This rug is very soft and definitely non slip. It isn't as thick as some others I have purchased, but for the price it's worth it.
Looks just like description but has beads or rocks in the base so makes noise when you move it. Happy to give as a gift!
I ordered these pillows and they arrived promptly. The packaging was great and clean and I was able to use them right away. They stay pretty fluffy but might be too soft for some people.
So when I got this I was super excited to get put up and see how great it worked. The adhesive is amazing works great so far. It's easy to use for my kids. I noticed that the right side where I have the kids toothpaste comes out perfect not too much. But on the left side where I have our toothpaste it comes out way too much and if I try not to put as much on it dripped all in the side and made a mess. Overall I would be super ecstatic if they both worked the same as where I have the kids toothpaste.
This comforter set looks exactly like the promo photo. Super cute.
Not as stretchy as I was hoping.
I work with someone who, how shall I say, has a loose understanding of what decent hygiene is. Without this little diffuser pumping out citrus scents all day, I'd have to miss days and days of work due to BO-induced nausea. So, it's a win?
Just what I wanted. Large enough, solid enough to serve 1-person meal. Arrived when promised.
works good for the price
Nice and pretty easy to use
Great product. Burn clean and proper.
I really appreciated that I could put a good amount of foot pressure on the foot pedal to wring and the whole thing did not wander all over the floor. I only had about an inch of water in it too. Simple & effective design. We'll see how long the mophead lasts.
A Tony bit smaller than I expected but it does the job. Great price
I received a new replacement diffuser. The top does not attach snugly so now I have to assume it is supposed to be loose because it was the same with the first one i received. I was told it fits snugly but not so. The diffuser was given as a gift to my son and daughter in law. So far, they really like it and plan on using it in the bedroom. They have not tried using it yet but don't foresee any issues. It's very pretty and unique. Goes well with their feng shui/spa ambience.
got this today thanks
We are really liking this vacuum so far. Our Hoover broke at the handle (15 year old unit) so it was time to replace it. I almost bought another Hoover but I liked the Lift Away feature of this one. The assembly instructions could use some fine tuning, especially for assembling the pieces that hold the accessories. In fact, the accessories holder seems like something they forgot and added on later. For those reasons, I give it four starts instead of five but other than that, the vacuum works great. The electrical cord is a little shorter than the old Hoover we had but long enough for us. As others have said, the suction of this unit is really good.
Seems like good quality. The branches are just a little close together. We enjoyed celebrating our first Hanukkah with it.
Used it when we passed roses to mothers on mother's day at my baby shower. Great fit for smaller roses not for tall! We had to cut before putting the roses in.
Pros: generally nice to look at when it's full of earrings, no assembly required, holds 100 pairs of earrings like it says. A little bigger than the given measurements which I consider a plus. Cons: you could get splinters because there's bits and pieces of wood that stick out. It doesn't have a smooth finish to it. You have to bend the earring hooks a bit to put them in. It rotates but it gets stuck often. Overall a good product for a good price and it works for what I needed.
But the metal join on one side has a small snag. It isn't enough to stop me from using them, but it is noticeable as I knit. Otherwise they're great, and I like the finish on the needles--not so slick my work slides off but smooth.
Work great with my Gryphon grinder
The product is well made, however, I was looking for replacements identical to my original. This product is lacking the rougher material to be used for the scrub setting.
Plant is fine. The small legs,are plastic. One fell off as I was setting it up, so I took the other 3 off. They really are not needed.
Colors are great. Thick fabric. I just wish they were more firm. They tend to bend and smush unless they are packed full. It would be helpful if they kept their shape.
I like the shelves a lot.....Although I originally bought them thinking I'd be able to put a lamp on it to get rid of the table by my bed...Didn't exactly work, but that's okay. I think the shelves could be a few inches wider.
It leaks if it is not on real tight
Using a hand sprayer to apply the sealer on railings waste a lot of product. It drys giving a natural look. Only time will tell how long it protects from mold and mildew. I would recommend painting on with a brush. You don't need to be precise and it would apply a heavier coat.
I like small pillows and thought this wouldbe a good one for sleeping on but it is just a little too short it gives good support for the head and is comfortable.
Put on 2 new pillows after washing. They are a little loud but not too bad. Think they will hold up well and possibly get softer with more washes.
Works well, but there is a strong rubber odor...
This could have been slightly more bigger. But definitely better than expected.
144 crystal is alot less than I imagined 😅
It was affordable and pretty nice quality
slow to respond and take your hands away because it will keep running...
I bought these to replace ones that I bout at sams three years ago. These aren't as pretty as those but these are nice enough. Deep purple color. Someone had a problem with water sitting on them and I had the same problem because I just put them down and didn't wash them. Once I threw them in the washing machine (on delicate in cold water) then threw them in the dryer (on mild heat) whatever waxy coating that was on them before was washed off and now they are absorbent. Would recommend to a friend.
They come in so many sizes. Some that I may not even wear however that are reasonably priced and I will put them to good use.
It is not purple!!!! It is very very blue. When I turn my desk light on it actually changes to a light lavender but in sunlight and regular light it is blue. Much more of a queen than a full size. It is very very soft and quality though. Very comfy, really wish it was more purple. Came on time as well.
Tags are great but the ties are so cheap
like them alot..had 1 panel with a snag and panels a bit long but think they come in shorter panels ..does the job
Needs thermostat regulator.
Nice item. For me this item did not work well. I have a bigger neck and the length of the pillow barely made it all around. However, my wife loves it. She would not take it off. It fits her well and she said it was very comfortable.
Very nice! Good price!
Just as described, works fine.Its not as good as my old shark, maybe the smaller cleaning surface is the problem. I had very high expectations for this steamer. Light weight, good cleaning capabilities, leaves surfaces fresh and hygienic, lots of accessories. Leaks water if you stay still for more than a few seconds, even in low settings, so you need to move fast.
I looooove the independence and new love for vacuuming this has given me! We have an expensive heavy duty Dyson but it's so heavy and corded that I feel like I'm constantly wrestling with it to move to every room. I recently broke my arm and had to clean one handed or not at all, and the weight and cordless mess of this has made me feel so excited about cleaning again! My one problem is that we have greyhounds who have very fine short hair, and when the hair weaves itself into a mat at any point in my vacuum, i lose almost all suction power. If I vacuum every single day I am sometimes able to go without unclogging, but honestly after a day or two more I have to regularly dismantle the machine to get it unclogged and working. Sooo it's good for quick jobs, but the suction and design aren't good for fine dog hair households unless vacuuming and brushing are happening daily! It also can't take even small leaves and other things that get stuck in the final switchback between the main filter and the canister, and it's really hard to unclog the switchback, I have to dig in dirt and hair with my finger and make a mess.
Great storage might keep an eye on the top storage lid screw.
I bought this for my mom along with a set of essential oils for Mother's Day. Item as described.
Completely transformed my dining room with these covers for less than $50! Super easy to put on, luxurious to the touch, but they kind of gap at the back and wish they were a tighter fit on the seat and where you lean back.
Solid shoe rack; however, is a little off balanced.
Beautiful I just thought it will be samller , but I like it
Good product it is easy to use and looks good
I would have preferred if it were longer. This is a decent plunger for a tiny toilet.
They work really well exactly what I needed
I really liked this blanket it's soft and very comfortable the only thing I don't like about it is that it sheds but it's is still a good blanket
I ordered the Galaxy Moon Tapestry 51 x 58. Size wise, it's decent. Quality wise, I was a little disappointed that the color was so dull, which is why I've given it a 4/5. Based on other reviews I was expecting more vibrancy, but you get what you pay for. Overall it's a decent little tapestry, and I'll be keeping it.
As expected. No problems with stability so far. Staying together well. Good quality for price.
Fast delivery......gave a free poster for review.
Product 5 star very nice. Delivery sucked two weeks. Shipped late and ups days slower than Usps.
Seems to help until I wash my vest cover on a weekly basis
I wish I would have know product was only one sided but other than that they will make cute cupcake toppers!
Doing it's job. Good buy
Not as flexible as one I already had but works fine
Love this cup but... the lid has broke already! It keeps drinks warm and is durable besides the lid that covers the sipping part of the cup.
the poster came quicker than expected, great condition as well as quality. colors are accurate to the image online and i have no complaints. the only little downside to this poster is the fact that the pricing for it fluctuates back and forth, so it's almost like you seriously have to get it quickly at a good time. i've has this poster in my cart for awhile now and i kept getting notifications saying “an item in your cart has dropped from _____ to _____” or it would get higher. i wound up buying it at 9.99 (shipping and handling included in that and all) then a day later i got a notification that the price dropped. long story short, i'm happy with this purchase, but just a heads up to kind of wait when it's super cheap, then buy it, because it'll go up again.
exactly as appears - gave 4 stars as is a little shinier and slicker than expected.
My only dislike is it's more of a shade of blue grey that a traditional grey. Holding up to my crazy toddler jumping on it daily!
Steam should be a little stronger
Smaller than expected but good quality and are working out well.
This was a gift, person we gave it to loves your candles! I will have to try one!
My only complaint with this product is that you have to use very thin hanger hooks. We had more of those thicker plastic hangers, but it would slip off easily. We have the others which I don't mind using that have a wire hook, which is much thinner. It works GREAT! We love this display and it has come in handy.
The look of the plants are very realistic. The base or stump is just raw wood that looks like a thick broom handle. I'm going to paint it so that it looks a little more realistic. Other than that I am very happy. The plastic feels cheap but the way it is put together with uneven branches and various shades of green really makes it look real.
on small side but nice harder to see at nite
We are using these for wedding favors!
The dimensions are as specified. I just didn't realize how small it would be until I had it in my hand. The numbers are only 1/2 inch tall. With no back light they are hard to read unless close. Especially in a dimly lit room. The readings are accurate. Compared to another thermometer and to my thermostat. The temperature is within one degree. The humidity differs by about 2%.
The balloons doesn't last long. We blow them up one hour before the event and 30% of them popped before the event started. I still give four stars with the price they charge. Our event was just an office wedding shower so we were ok that we lost some of the balloons. However, if you need your balloons stays longer, you may want to buy other ones instead.
a bit tight! needs more fabric! goof fabric and zippers though
Not as tall as I expected but it is beautiful and looks great! Boxed well also.
This is not a 3D item but I knew that before ordering by reading the reviews. It's a great night light for older age kids or young adults. My son loves it he's age 14.
She is beautiful. Named her Mandy
Returned because it was too large for my purposes. Great box though.
Smells good.. a little pricey.. but better than going to the mall to find them
I use this AC to cool a bedroom in my brick ranch. This was installed today after sitting here for awhile. Installation was easy. Read instruction manual, and installed header rail and side panels as illustrated. Remove old AC, and put this one in its place. Secure header rail to window frame. Cut and slide insulation panels into accordion panels. Ensure various insulation strips seal window frame. Plug in. Turn on. I had cold air instantly. It is no noisier than the failing Frigidaire AC we removed. We replaced a 6k unit with an 8k unit so it doesn't work so hard in this always warm bedroom. Love the remote control layout, and the follow me feature. Too bad that the battery door won't stay on it without a piece of tape 😡. Fit and finish are not perfect. That doesn't worry me so much. Price was excellent. Due to unknown quality when ordering, I purchased an economical extended warranty for 3 years. I'll update if problems.
We were surprised how much we liked them. Nice fit, easy to put on, looks great.
Looks good but depending on what you are doing, you may need to order more...
I bought this 4 PC for my bar high chairs. It was easy to install and feel great. Changed the whole look of my chairs. Great buy...
Does the job and replaced my broken handle. However, beware of small plastic flakes on the that can come off if you have space underneath the stainless steel cover. Will see how it does when cooking!
One of the two I used indoor for hanging clothes and its been fine .The second one I just attached to my garage for hanging brooms and mops .I haven't started using .So I don't know how much weight it can hold
Either I'm too strong or the buckles need to be stronger. I broke the original that came with a belt and I broke the first replacement; both while attempting to tighten the belt
Not complete blackout but it does block out most of the light
Material isn't very soft, but they're very pretty
I like this vacuum..it's easy to use and so light weight ,but it's very powerful ,I use it clean my car at yesterday...
It is bot holding hot temperture long as 12 hrs
These are softer than I expected. I love that they have zippers! It annoyed me that our pillows would slip out of the pillow cases through the night and I just didn't like the way it looked. These are smooth and seamless and I will buy more in the future. One of the zippers was a little stuck but we just spent a minute on it and got it unstuck.
They ripped easily, but to be fair- it was super windy.
Great scene, easy to use. More lowkey than having a big tub of wipes.
Looks great on the wall. Light weight.
Great looking curtains and price, Great for the bedroom does not allow the sun from coming i
I will love it if it continues to operate this well... Perfect size, lid closes smooth...
Good quality but you do need to tape down the photos to get them to stay in correct position when you put on the backing.
Very easy to use, compact, stores well in case. The one slight drawback is that the suction isn't quite what I expected from the product description. It does pick up any loose 'stuff' from the bare floor, but not quite as well when used on carpet. Still, a good product.
Nice lunch bag. I kinda wish it had a pocket on the inside, and the outside maybe but otherwise it's good.
Amazingly quiet. But not powerful for a large room. This is great for bedroom especially for light sleepers. There is the low hum of the motor at the lowest speed but the fan blades are very quiet. Looks good. Very sturdy.
Flakes a bit around where you cut it, but the sticky side is very strong! Was surprised at that. Just be careful cutting so you dont have a rough edge, it's pretty dry.
Cute,but has a tendency to fall over
Needed for shadow box. This will do well.
Larger than I expected for a full/queen and the gray color was lighter than expected. But over all I liked it a lot.
Its plenty comfortable, and I didnt notice any smell to it. It just doesn't want to stay i. Place on my mattress. Got the twin size.
Loved it! But unfortunately it was to small for my tree and I ended up returning it.
Ok looking and perfect size
This stuff did a great job of cleaning rust stains out of my sink.
Love the photo. Expected it to be on usual apron canvas type material. It is a satiny, smooth material but that might make it more stain repellant.
Thin but perfect for a child's room you can't beat the price.
I'm sure it will look better if you arrange it with other flowers. The quality by itself is ok, the white color is beautiful.
Perfect for what I needed. Food clamp strength.
It fits nicely between the washer and dryer. Larger detergent bottles do not fit into it.
Very functional. I wish it was a little deeper and a little cuter but I'm happy not to sleep in the bed with all of my electronics.
Soft yarn, but the color was too green for me.
Happy with the purchase.
It could be a little wider
My daughter loves her new curtains
my wife likes that they are heavy and wash up nice.they are soft when dry.
Good quality, let's hope it last.
I really like these all purpose cards except for the one design with the word "hello" on the cover.
Great product, able to fit my large shoes (womens size 10) into the spots. Arrived in good shape, missing one of the 'knobby locking things'. Other than that, it's wonderful!
The throw blanket arrived rolled in a nice zippered bag. I didn't take it out of the bag, but the fabric seemed to be soft with nicely folded over and stitched edges. Unfortunately the color was way off from what was shown online; I was looking for, and the pictures showed, was a Hershey chocolate bar-like color, but the actual blanket was a light ashy brown (think Ovaltine).
I bought these pegs for a peg board that came with a work bench from Harbor Freight. The work bench itself is not the highest quality, and I was worried that the pegs wouldn't fit correctly. I received the pegs and to my relief they fit. They do take some wiggling and force to get them into the pegboard, but they work perfectly. They are durable and sturdy enough that they hold all the tools that I have mounted with them, but pliable enough that it is possible to get them into peg boards that aren't the highest quality. These hooks will probably outlast the work bench itself.
The candles are nice and were used in a advent wreath in our church. The colors were perfect. My only complaint is one of the candles was slightly damaged so we needed to put it in a position in the wreath where it wasn't has visible.
Good vacuum for the price. Light and moves around easily. Good suction. Gets along the edges really well. Cons: won't move on shag style carpet. I have the roll of carpet/rug from Costco and the vacuum would not move forward on the rug. I could only pull it back even on the highest pile setting. Other small negative is the way to empty the tank. Removing the tank is easy but to empty you have to unclip bottom of the tank so dust and all can fly around. I'm used to a button at the top of tank that will release the bottom latch.
Nicer than expected! The coaster are quite heavy with kind of a sloppy gold paint on the edges. I feel like they're sloppy on purpose, not like they did a bad job or anything. It's a natural stone and the gold metallic paint is imperfect just like the stone. I would not personally give them as a gift shipped straight from Amazon because the packaging is not nice at all. Cheap corrugated, damp-feeling paper/cardboard box that looks like it should have been unpacked before being sold in retail. But overall very happy with the coasters in our formal living room.
Does it's job. Using for decorative purposes only
Used for Thanksgiving & Christmas very nice
Can clearly feel the "micro-abrasion" expected for exfoliation, and plenty long enough when fully unfolded to wash your back like drying with a towel. These are more sturdy than they appear at first, but not strong enough to double as a hammock. I have been using one almost daily for about 3 weeks and still seems good, but I was not expecting a lifelong piece, why I got the package of 8. Because it is plastic really, it does not "hold together," that is, when folded it tends to slide apart and past itself, so using folded into like a smaller sponge is not so easy as expected. Holds liquid soap well but rinses clean easily. Might be difficult to travel with if not fully dried before packing as water will drip out until completely dry, different from something like a cotton washcloth that might just get and stay damp. Very little problem so far with strings coming loose, only one. While it holds water well when washing, the fibers do not actually absorb the water so little issue with mildew, mold, or just getting grungy. I am sure someone will ask about machine washing: I would expect that hot water might soften it, and the agitation, with other items would likely turn it into a puff ball of loose fibers that you might never fully get out of other items. I will just let it drip dry in the short time it takes...or use a new one if you are that worried about it. Overall, I am pleased with it, just the annoyance of being difficult to use when folded.
Great tree but only one star off because the top branch is too weak to hold a medium start. Also the bottom has cheap branches mixed with the nice branches
Bit too hot if you want to use to warm your feet.
This arrived in good condition. The incense is hard to light, I will probably use another kind/brand when these run out.
very small size I never use
It works and I didn't have any problems with it yet, but the plastic is very cheap. I don't think it will last long.
I moved into a house with terrible, brick-like beds. I did not have the money to buy a $1000 mattress, so I chose the foam option. I combined the foam with a padded topper and...the bed is amazing! Great value and all you need.
It works and looks like it's shown and said!
Exactly what I was looking for, nice lightweight that doesn't get too hot in the summer, very soft fabric
This doesn't hold a “box” shape. I thought it would because of the picture! I put the Christmas tree box in the bag and that helped. It does have 2 latches with adjustable straps that help with storage.
This is a beautiful piece however it's tiny!
Candle smell delicious and burns cleanly. Will definitely buy again!
Maybe I missed it, but these are covers not "filled in" pillows. I'm still happy with the product.
It's cute but on the flimsy side. So far it's holding up and I'm happy, but I can see why some others had issues with it breaking. Hoping it holds up ok.
Bought for a children's project and they were great. I would not use for and adult project.
Fits well and decent material. However it definitely has more of a blue tone than gray!
I was shocked by how heavy these sheets are, certainly are heavyweight. They wash up nice and come out of the dryer with minimal wrinkles. The only negative is they have a very strong chemical smell, even after the first washing and drying with dryer sheets. The smell is dissipating but I can still smell it. Hopefully it will be gone with the next laundering.
These sheets are not the best quality, a little slippery. My daughter loves them anyway.
Looks like this kit has all I'll ever need to do some quick mends
The mold is nice and flexible, but not too flimsy. You DO need to place it on a baking sheet before filling though. I use this to make cold process soap. The soaps came out nice and smooth, but the lip on the top edge slightly overlapped the cavity, making unmolding a little more difficult, particularly if your recipe doesn't set rock hard quickly. Hence four stars instead of five. This is is still a nice mold, a good addition to my collection. The soaps from it look clean and classy and I will certainly be using it more.
This is a run-of-the-mill fan. It sounds like a basic fan, not overly noisy. It doesn't draw attention to itself visually. She's a sturdy old gal, what with her girthy base keeping her from tipping over. The plastic feels pretty cheap and the (face?) of the fan that you piece together doesn't fit super well (we bought two, both with the same issue) but it isn't a huge deal. Living in a house with no AC is rough but this thing pushes the air around pretty well. I would buy it again, sure, but hopefully someday I will be in a fancier financial bracket and have the ability to buy something that doesn't look like the most affordable fan on the Sims.
It's convenient for the shower. Especially to dry the underwear
This tumbler is amazing! I needed something for work that kept ice all day and this does the trick. I fill it up before bed and always have plenty of ice in the morning when I wake up too. It also doesn't sweat which I like. I bought two more in different colors and it's now my everyday glass!! Great deal for the price.
Nice. Hanging ear rings need more space.
We are having some trouble installing this AC unit. The measurements posted online were slightly off, due to the window seal wings. so we are trying to make 1/8" adjustment to the height. The packaging was in perfect shape upon arrival, the AC looks perfect. It arrived the day it was scheduled to.
a little bit too long but other than that very soft and comfortable, good after wash.
It works well under our tree. The Velcro side attachments are not great, but they do an okay job. I just put the seam in the back.
I bought two of this covers for my old shedding wool blankets I couldn't part with. I was looking for a duvet cover for a while, but the smallest twin duvet cover was way to big for my blanket, until I came across covers for weighted blanket. There were few brands to choose from on Amazon. I choose this one based on good reviews. It fits well over my wool blankets and I like that has zipper on the side. It seems well made, I only wish the cotton fabric was a little thicker.
But it doesn't stay on the top or bottom of my power reclining sofa after it reclines couple times. And I expected that. But who would reverse it after one side gets dirty, without washing it?? Since it would press the dirty side dirt into the sofa fabric!
A little more lightweight than expected. Bonus garment bag is great, and blanket has been through the wash a few times and is holding up great. Good color. A little stretchy.
The mattress was easy to assemble, works as intended.
They do what hangers do!
I have used these on my sewing projects. They are a bit small - but easy to "conceal" inside my project. Top Quality.
This bag is huge and durable for laundry or for packing soft clothes for storage and for travel. Too bad it's not available in smaller sizes to conform as airline checked baggage w/o oversize additional cost.
It works, but not on textured walls. You need the command strip version instead. However, if you don't have textured walls, then I'm sure it would be great! Definitely worth a shot if you're looking into it.
Is a little heavy after awhile Suction is good wish it had a little more power but is an overall great product. First backpack vac I have bought for cleaning company.
The colors are vibrant and the size is perfect for the wall I have it on. The reason I didn't give it five stars is because of the black marks all across the bottom of the edges of the canvases. I used a magic eraser to remove the marks. Thankfully, that worked. Otherwise, I am happy with the birds.
The joys of cleaning made easier. The mop comes with four pads which I can use wet or dry, scrapper and an adjustable pole. There is even a loop on the handle for easy hanging. The mop pads are machine washable so you can use them again. Those hard to reach areas are now dust free. I even use it on my ceiling fans. It slides easily under beds and tables to clean. There is even a detachable scrubber for those tough stains and to clean off the pads. With the mop being lightweight and no buckets needed it's a great mop. A simple and easy mop to use. I use it on my tile and hardwood floors and it cleans well.
This bath mat is great it never feels wet
I really like the pen and the inks are beautiful. The only thing that was a surprise, that may or may not be causing a problem with the ink distribution at the onset of use after dipping, is the nib is not rounded and smooth. I don't know if it is made that way or if it was broken somehow (there was no broken glass in the box) but the tip is kind of flat with a rough edge. I can still use it and I enjoy it, just thought it would be smoother at the end. Thank you, though. I like it.
unique way to display favorite photographs, love that it holds so many and that they can be changed out for seasonal photos or other occasions!
I do not believe this is a (natural) stone because it looks synthetic (man made) but is it beautiful.
This is just what I needed to relieve the back breaking job of cleaning kitchen grout. Saved me money by not having to call a professional to do the job.
The product malfunctioned immediately unfortunately. However, the customer service and refund to my account was also immediate. Wished the product would have worked!
only gave it 4 stars because it didn't come in a packaging box, only the box the humidifier was in so the box was dirty and destroyed by the time it arrived. It was a gift so that was no fun giving someone a box that looked like that. But overall he said he loves it!
It took me FOREVER to hang these up! But when I did, I noticed that they're well made, durable, came with everything that's needed, and was easy to install. But it doesn't store large books like The Paleo Approach cuz the base isn't large enough. I chose this set cuz it's meant to store the heaviest amount of books, which gave me the impression that it can physically hold larger books. Honestly, it may have specified the size and I overlooked it, but it does limit what I can store. A bit disappointing but gorgeous and it makes my place look so airy!
works great, if it ages it does have a bit of an odor
Product will be used later this year for a camping trip. Purchased based on length of line and size and weight.
Product works great! I bought it for my fiancé and she loves it! Makes great designs and works as advertised. I would definitely recommend this product to a friend.
It's is pretty nice and the colors are bright! The fabric is not the best but is good enough! I really like it
This has been place in my sons bedroom.
This is ok, not the greatest, but it works.
I cannot review the green candles because i did not receive them. idid like the red ones however.
A bit to light, have to press down to clean the floor. Liquid bottle is a bit small for my liking.
Definitely a two person job to put this product on a slider, but well worth it. I bought it as a privacy factor and it definitely obscures what is behind the window and looks good while doing it. I'm hoping it also helps reduce the heat come summer time. I would recommend this product.
Yes the price is steep for a print - but it is the perfect addition to our apartment.
LOVE this. The flame is outstanding 💕
As expected but pricey for the quality
This was a big hit for Christmas. We loved that we could put whatever saying that we wanted. Great for office party's.
Very neat for my First Graders but a little hard to use. They don't mind because this stuff is so popular right now. I use it in my spelling center so they can practice using their spelling words and they have had a blast. Gave 4 stars due to a few spots that have a flaw and it's a little hard to flip on one part of it, where the flaws are, but they love it anyway.
I have only had the sheets on my bed for a couple days but it is really nice that they haven't came off from the corners. They are really comfortable
I love these frames and have ordered them in several different sizes. People who come to visit often comment on the attractive picture frames! I would gladly recommend them. The price is right too!
I am glad that I bought this item. I was struggling to find a place to place my flat iron when using it and after I'm done due to its high temperature. With this mat, I can lay my straightener on it without any worries!
This hot glue over all works well, but it is not crystal clear and it has sorry of a sticky, gummy feel to it. Not a deal-breaker for my uses, but not what would would expect.
Not as big as i thought but cute!
Super funny gift! Smaller than I expected but surprisingly very comfortable!
very easy to use and comfortable
I really like the adjustable length Of this hanger. The color is also very nice and it doesn't look cheaply made. The only issue I had was from the side, the hanger bends out kind of funny away from the door, but no one but myself would ever notice.
Works great. Good fan for the money. Pretty good ship time
Looks good... Holds cards, not much else to it...
Be sure of what you are sketching, and make very few errors, the eraser does not get all the lead off the paper and if it does , then so goes some of the paper ! I DO LOVE the small tablets, I doodle and figure out what it is that I want to enlarge later for pottery or whatever , these are great for that ! Have not tried paints on them yet !
This is exactly what I was looking for. Lightweight and easy to use. I would like to also purchase some sort of extra liner so that I can use this to move my clean laundry back up to my apartment.
Wanted something to dress up my tables for everyday use. Also coordinates with my tablecloths for my buffet tables to dress those up when visitors come over.
The garland was a little hard to unravel but other than that it looked great in our holiday display. Great buy!
Works well enough and compact design makes it very useful
No name on cover as picture shows
Overall, a very nice faux stem. From a distance they could be mistaken for a real stem but up close it's obvious they aren't real. The stems are quite long so keep that in mind and cutting them is very difficult.
These curtains are for a dining room with all gold fixtures and accents. Description says grommets are gold. They are not.
Got this set for our spear bedroom. They aren't overly fluffy which is great, because overly stuffed pillows can give you neck kinks. It fits a bit loose in our covers, but other than that, really comfortable.
I was looking for heavy duty hampers and while I would say these are somewhat heavy duty, one hamper was not sewn up properly and I had to repair it before I could even use it. I also don't like the small hole where you put the clothes in, it is makes it harder to take thing out to put them in the washer and load from the dryer.
I had originally ordered the frameless mirror, but came damaged twice. I got my refund and decided to order the white-framed mirror instead. Fast shipping. Very easy to assemble. 20-25 minutes. Bright lights. Looks amazing.
I got this to attach to a wreath. It arrived broken, but I managed to superglue it back together and paint it white so that you couldn't really tell. The product is great, but packaging sucked - if it were packaged better it probably wouldn't have broken.
Given as a house warming gift. No complaints so far, but I'm not the one using them.
I am super super new to watercolor so I honestly dont know if this is quality paper or not but for the price is good enough for me. I do wish they came in a larger size that I didnt have to cut down but ah well.
Love this pillow cover.
So these are really cute and do fits little items and stuff but I specifically bought them for my vitamins which I need 3x a day. They are big pills but with the diameter measurements I calculated all three would fit but unfortunately only squeezed in 2. Not too much of a big deal but ideally I wanted all 3 in one. So if you take fish oil sized pills, they will only fit 1 or 2 but I'm sure this would be handy for smaller pills and vitamins that would fit perfectly
Mine came in and it was purple which is no big deal but it was also very thin, details are great but hopefully it'll hold up to heat
Great throw blanket for daily use. Works well, has 3 heat settings and is very soft. Only downside is that the controller is somewhat awkwardly placed at the bottom of the blanket.
I took away one star because they are not the beautiful vibrant pastel aqua in the photos, but more subtle and lighter. However they are still a pretty color and they have lids (!!!) which is so rare for storage baskets Lord knows why. Great size too. A little bummed that they are far more expensive than other storage options that are super similar but not in a cute color so I got a bunch anyway :)
This heater is a little pricey but does seem to work well. I use it in my bathroom on cool mornings. Not overly heavy for a heater. I like that it rotates side to side and the remote is a plus. You will need to get 2 AAA batteries for the remote.
My 14 year old Granddaughter wanted this for Christmas, had her send me the link to make sure I ordered the correct one. She seemed very pleased with it
Beautiful piece lighter than I imagined but also much bigger than I imagined. Was very sad it came damaged during shipping and I had to return it. Will be buying a new one for sure.
I like the size of these clips. I like the material that they are made out of. So far I have used these clips several times to keep my quilt out of the way of my quilting, while I am quilting, and they are working great for me. I am pleased that I purchased this product.
used this as a souvenir gift for our church's youth event.
So cute. Perfect for my costume. Would have given 5 stars but the wires that you use to attach the bees comes off easily.
This is cheap, the hooks fall off really easily. So if you want to use it how it shows it can be a challenge. But for me, i just use it to drape over the tub and it works fine.
I purchased this for multiples uses. I have used it to wash shoes and a large bra. I wash them separately. The bag allows for the items to get washed well. The description states that this closes with a zipper. It actually closes with Velcro. The straps can get caught on the agitator if your washers has one. I did not try attaching it to the dryer door. Overall, I highly recommend this versatile product.
Nothing to dislike and easier than buttons or lobster claw jewelry closures. Especially good for arthritic fingers!
Does what is advertised.
Seems like a small amount of rocks for price
The saw appears to be well built and was able to hold my saw blade securely. My only problem is that the handle is too narrow to be used comfortably. It probably would be fine for a smaller woman's hand, but it is too small for my large man hands.
I needed a curtain that would help keep the cold out and buffer the sound. They are a perfect length for my room and not too heavy.
Been a bit too long between replacements and just whacking the old filter on the driveway wasn't cutting it any more. Vacuum really sucks now!
Good looking but kinda thin
Nice but it took several washes to make them soft. Just scratchy at first.
Took out most of the scratches on the car.
This was supposed to be a box of grey and black scraps, I got a lot of navy blue which does not work for the projects that I am working on.
I'm so excited to start our advent verses tomorrow. The item we ordered came with a misprint on one of the numbers. I contacted the company and they are sending a replacement right away!!! Great customer service!!! The pockets are plenty big enough to put little advent surprises into.
I wanted to mount the rack on the side of the fridge in the garage and had a hard time to figure out how to do that. I could not find anything that will hold the rack on the side of the fridge until i bought set of strong magnets and attached them to the legs of the rack. now its perfect :-)
It's not perfect. The wood is cheap. But I like the cloth shelves. They're thick, plastic-like things. But they're not bars that things fall through. They seem like they'd be easy to clean. Putting it together is very quick and easy, with no tools needed. I'm not sure how sturdy it would be if you bought more than one and stacked them, but it comes with the pegs to do it.
Very nice but not very sturdy. I think if I put roo much weight in it over time it will fall apart.
We love this tree. It's easy to set up, but as one reviewer complained about, it does take time to fluff (what take tree doesn't?). After sprucing up the branches for a good 30 minutes, the tree looked quite full and fairly real. The tree has 2 different types of branches to enhance the look which is also a nice feature. Additionally, the lights are all evenly spaced with a perfect amount for the size of the tree. The only major design flaw is that there is no outlet at the top of the tree to plug in light up tree toppers. Very strange, even more strange that no one else has mentioned this.
The first Tupperware that I unwrapped. It had a piece of glass in it already and it was because the top part was chipped. Can I get this replaced? The glass quality looks nice, but i'm sad that i won't be able to use this one for my meal prep as i don't know if more of it will continue to fall off. Edit: customer service was phenomenal and they even sent me a replacement. I really glass Tupperware, and i will say that this one is surely a keeper. The lids could be more flexible, but overall. great product!
As pretty as these are, we were surprised by how small it actually looks while hanging.
Very easy to put together and use. Used mine on a tile floor. Definitely get extra cleaning pads if you have multiple areas to clean.
Works very well to cover up holes in my poker table vinyl. It finishes smooth but my table has a textured look so you can still tell where the marks are. Better than the holes though and easy to apply.
my order arrived quickly as exactly as expected.
Love the thick texture. Will be buying again!
These are nice, real nice, but they're too big for my baby's highchair tray, so I don't know how I'm gonna use it yet but they are well made, look durable and easy to clean
I live in apartments that always come with vertical blinds in the living area. It's tricky to remove them and really difficult to re-install, so this bracket that hooks on to the vertical blind railing allows me to hang my curtains in a way that covers the blinds and softens the room.
Some good and bad rocks, but enough good to make it worth it.
Ideal addition to your Misti, a must have, very useful when creating ...
The second time using barrette the clasp broke so have no way to use it.
Great looking and organized closet. The clips do catch on the hangers next to them at times, but they work well.
I love this art canvas comes in 3 very bright . Deep color .
exactly what I expected
I LOVE this set!! Bought a king set for the bed, came with two king size shams. Couldn't figure out what to do for curtains since we have such an odd color on the wall. So, I bought two full/queen size sets, some clip rings, and some blackout liners to use for the curtains. Each F/Q set came with two additional standard-size pillowcases. Used those as coordinating throw pillows. Needs ironing, but they have a great weight to them, much like a heavy bedsheet. Vibrant colors! The duvet covers have the ties in the corners to hold the duvet in place, and as much as we toss and turn, it hasn't shifted. Only negatives, wish they were a bit longer and the pattern doesn't always line up, but it's busy enough to where it doesn't matter- for the price, you can't beat it.
I loved not having to mess up walls but the nails wouldn't tap all the way down. They were pretty much fixed at a certain point already. I got some to go down but most stayed up quite a bit. the way down.
It's not what I expected. It is all made plastic even the jewels. But very bright and does match our tree well! Has a clip to attach to tree which I love! Makes it very sturdy on the tree.
Update: Seller contacted me and sent a free replacement. The replacement was exactly what I needed and worked as expected. Returned two of these. The first one I received was open and appeared used. The second one only had 6 holes, not 7 holes as is standard and as is advertised. Quality control with this company is terrible.
Pigment is good. Great assortment of shades. The little brush head was not glued to the handle properly, though. Would recommend anyway.
these are some handy brushes. Bought them to clean baby bottles and I am so glad I did. various brush sizes and textures. some are sofe while others a little more coarse. suits my needs perfectly.
Does exactly what what description says. Makes my cleaning easier. Will order again.
I bought this as a gift for a friend who is a well read deep thinker. It is so well made that I would have given it 5 stars if it did not topple over so easily since the base is narrow.
A lil thinner that I expected but hey beautiful
Would have given them 5 stars but the smell is pretty poignant....they ARE true to color and the quality is fine. They did not take long to separate at all. I had them (2 boxes) separated in about 40 minutes ( by myself).
The stickers were a gift for my 11 year old nephew. Based on previous reviews I also purged and removed a few inappropriate ones prior to gifting. Otherwise he loved them.
This works pretty well on purifying the air in my house I've got to cats and a dog so sometimes my house would smell like pets and the litter box unless u stay on top of it and clean it everyday then there is a cat urine odor. So I got this purifier to help with the smell and so far I'm pretty pleased I've got family and friends that tell me how clean my house smells and they would never say that before I got this air purifier. I like how it has the different settings and a timer it's not real loud and does exactly as it's supposed to.
I use these to store games as I do not have enough available shelf space to go that route. I had been using DVD storage boxes and found these to be better suited for my purposes. Being clear and stackable allows me to find the game I'm looking for quickly. They don't get a lot of abuse but seem to be durable.
Don't bother with the overpriced stock filters. These are just as good and half the price. I couldn't be happier.
Could only find fans for $15+ so this was a great deal, just wish it was a little more powerful, also like how it's not usb powered.
Perfect solution to decluttering shoes ive mounted this to the inside of a closet for unseen storage space!
It does what its intended for
I thought it was going to be more sparkly. It is a flat gold, not sparkly gold.
Towels fray somewhat easily in the washer and dryer, but they're pretty nice for the price.
Way smaller than expected but works
Overall we like the fan very much. Just wish it were a little more stable.
They do the job well.
The color is perfect, exactly as pictured. Theses are nice, thick, sturdy curtains. Very well made. Also launder well in the washer and dryer.
good for the dishes, but not for the pots and pans
Worked just fine for my basket in the kitchen
It's just a little febreze pack on the vaccum bag... does smell nice!
Exactly as advertised. These hangers have a thin profile, but are very sturdy. Velvet coating keeps clothes secure on hanger and they seem to be unbreakable. They can easily support any type of clothing including a men's suit or heavy winter coat.
I have bunions and I am hoping to wear some custom ostrich cowboy boots that I had made 2 years ago. Have to wait and see. They are in the boots right now.
Perfect for hanging on the wall and plenty of space for 1 fish. Price a bit expensive for a piece of plastic in my opinion
As described and came well packaged. The lazy Susan came intact and so far in the couple of months I have had, it has no issues.
I find myself having to place this canister in the oven every other week, the crystals change to black rather quickly. The canister is in a safe, why would there be a high moisture content in a safe?
REDUCES MUSTY ODORS HAS 5 SETTINGS. DEFINITELY RECOMMEND
I usually like the quality of this company's products, and the bench hamper is certainly well-made and sturdy- especially for the very affordable price- and delivery was prompt. Unfortunately, this hamper sits so low to the ground that it would be useful only to young children as a bench ( an I am, at 5'7", not a particularly tall adult). So the hamper, like so many other items that I have purchased over the last several years, will need considerable modification before it can be used, modification that will cost time and dollars, rendering the finished and finally serviceable item neither particularly inexpensive or, despite the prompt delivery, immediately gratifying.
My husband uses this brush for his nails, and he says it works. It is too harsh for me; I have to use a thinner softer brush (but the downside there is that they wear out faster). This one has held up for several years with weekly (1-2 times a week) use.
The cover is thick enough and I like that it is easy to install. The clips were helpful as well
Blacks out light, the only light is the light the leaks in from the edges.
UPDATE: I received a replacement, and this one is working good. Customer service contacted me, they are making sure their customers are happy with the product, this new iron is working AMAZING. I only lasted 1 month, it gave me error most of the time, is not worth the money, not recommended, is money in the trash.
Good quality looked nice
I love being able to research the product to make sure it is as advertised and it was I'm so happy.
Gift for hubby, he loves it.
IT'S VERY CONFIDENT AND I LOVE IT
Lots of hentai... if you're into that kind thing I guess...
Like the way u can mixed with the other color s
I love these except a few of the candle holders had smaller holes, which make it harder to put in and pull out the tea light candles. Overall, it's cute when I do have the candle fit inside.
I really like that it is small and sleek but I was disappinted when I saw it could not be temperature controlled manually. It only has an off and on. No higher or lower settings and it did not show that on the website. It showed the large heater features which led me to believe they were all the same in that respect. I do still like though.
Ordered two of these, lightweight and comfortable. Doesn't feel like a down comforter but still pretty nice.
sturdy and holds its weight in firewood.
Not had to put it together, took me an hr, it blends well in my baby's room
I only wish it had more of a variety of colors.
Got pretty much exactly what I thought I was getting.
The design on this pillow cover is even more beautiful in person! I received it just in time to decorate my home for Fall.
I got it and it had some damage but it's a good product for the price & very easy to assemble
So easy. Just pull it out of the box and paint away!
Gave this as a gift and the recipient very much liked it
Price is great! its a little weak but for the price I'm not mad. I've seen other diffusers that pumped a little stronger and I'm basing my comparison on that, but I believe those were more expensive. I like the way it looks and the price around $15 was worth it.
Very good sturdy thick soft towels.
Good price,wife loved it thats all that matters .....
These boxes are the perfect size for what I needed. They have a nice finish and look polished. I added a custom sticker for our event, and they looked really great. As others have mentioned, the cardboard is a little flimsy. I put a strip of clear packing tape across the inside bottom of the box. It isn't visible but does reinforce the base a bit... enough to hold the candy we used to fill them. We'll definitely use these again for future events.
Looks nice on the wall. But it was tough to get off the paper.
Looks great , soft but not as soft as I thought .
A little smaller then I thought but comfortable and looks nice.
Love the randomness but thought there would be more
I purchased a cover to go over them to prevent anything poking me. The cotton cover worked well. They have lasted a year. I like them. They remind me of the old fashioned ones at grandma's house. I'm ready to get new ones now. Hope to find some I like as well as these. I didn't have any of the problems other folks mentioned. Mine worked well.
It was a great buy but it doesn't breathe well so can get hot.
This was my first 5D painting and I had a blast. It is fun to see it develop.
The product works well, but you should know that the little cups for the eggs are plastic, not metal. I did not - I guess I did not read enough before I bought - and I was a little disappointed about that. They work just fine, and poach eggs. But I have seen this same product come in all metal, and that is what I thought I was buying.
Gloves are one size fits all. Maybe large for a woman. They are definitely heat resistant and the trivet is a nicely added bonus for the table.
Like this just wish it lasted a bit longer. Drys up quickly
This worked out really well for me. I was consistently getting 90 pumps or water out of the 5 ml size bottle. That is not a typo. Ninety.
they absorb very good and the seller surprised me and overnight shipped the pads i will buy again for sure..
They wash well, get the job done, but fit a little loosey goosey on my boys beds. Although they do not fall off which is great! I needed deep sheets but these are even deeper than I needed. They're also pretty soft and my kids seem to enjoy them.
Nice little heater - i do wish the fan was a bit more powerful as you have to get pretty close to it to feel the warm air coming from it.
Thought this was a metal cutout.
I bought two of these for my pics and it's a great way to organize by date or event. Wish it came with stickers to label the boxes. Would give it five stars if it did.
Surface a bit rusty... But after polish, it's quite alright... Haven't try yet but seems pretty flat...
I bought this for our family room. I like that it matches our furniture and looks nicer than just the box of tissues sitting out.
Does the job. The thin aluminum bends under weight of a regular-sized hair dryer, which makes it look a little cheap, though I doubt it will break. Otherwise works as expected. If you flip it upside down so the dryer hook is on the left, you have to bend the shelf rim outwards - I suggest using jewelry pliers to avoid scratches.
I was under the impression, from a number of the reviews, that this heater had a convection element, i.e., one could turn the fan off and the unit would still provide heat. I was mistaken.
Thinner needle than most
Nice festive glittery bulbs.
A little heavy but works great on fabric
Was very pleased with the product. The only thing there are a few bulbs that do not work.
Sometimes if the thread count is too high air can't circulate because weft is too tight. Not so with cotton. These sheets breathe which makes for a more comfortable night's sleep. They wash up nicely and I love the light blue color. Very lovely.
I am very pleased with these sheets. They are very soft and fit over my thick mattress pad. I will be buying another set.
We have three of these heaters. They work quite well and give off a good amount of heat. After a year or so of operation the thermocouple and the pilot light do get corroded a bit. I use a soft brass brush and clean them and we are back to operation. One of our heaters about three years old stopped sparking when the piezo was clicked. We use a long arm butane lighter to light the pilot. That actually works better then clicking the piezo. For the money this is not a bad unit.
I love these butterflies! They look amazing in my daughter's room, the mirror effect is perfect for brightening up the room a bit. There is a film on the butterflies that can be a real time consuming pain to remove, but it is worth it. My daughter thinks they are so pretty and I love the texture it adds to her collage wall...plus for $6, and 3 day shipping you can't beat it! Update: A year and a half later and they are still hanging strong. We receive so many compliments on them :).
Works great, Right now it's holding several of my jackets and my girlfriend's purse
Just as it look in the pic. Grey color.
The design is adorable and it feels well made, the green part is metal. It is a bit on the large size - fine for a night stand, too big for a travel clock. It is hard to find the light button in the dark (it is located on the back). If there is a snooze feature, I can't find it.
This saves me from using all that wasteful foil I would usually put down to save my baking sheets. I like that I can stick these right in the dishwasher and they come out nice and clean but I do wish they came in more regular sizes. The small rectangle is too small for any of my baking sheets so I only use it for things without oil and the large one is too large for even my roasting pan. The circular one I was afraid I would never use but it works with just a little bending in my cast iron pan. I would measure my baking sheets before I decided which mats to buy if I needed more.
Loving these pins. Good length and sharp points. Go through fabric easily. My only complaint is that 2 or 3 in each pack are bent and one had as many as 5 bent pins.
Pretty good, but the Seem pulls tight against my shoulder and hurts after a while
Really decent sheets for the price. They are soft and comfortable. We'll see how they hold up over time
At first use I was disappointed by the output directly in front of the unit but at 2 a.m. on a cold night I knew it was the real deal when I had to get up to turn the unit down after discarding all my covers. Only complaints are that it could use a remote and the method of setting the thermostat involve waiting for the room to come to temp and then turning the knobs so the unit can configure itself to the current room temp. That is a bit of a hassle for bedtime use.
Much bigger than expected! But for the price a amazing deal! Very nice just like the pictures and was packed carefully and well. I'm taking away one star only because the glass was dirty had all these little spots that were a little difficult to clean. Not sure why they were there maybe from manufacturers? But you can tell they were not used or anything.
A bit confusing at the start. Directions arnt very clear but YouTube solved that issue
It was a great travel pillow for our kids. The flight attendants reminded us that our kids cannot sleep on there, so it was mostly for them to stretch their legs. We didn't end up using it on the way home, but it was handy to have. Blowing it up took a bit, but taking it down was a breeze :)
Excellent comfort and lightweight warmth for the price. It doesn't completely "fill out" my duvet cover, so I sometimes struggle to get the duvet to lie nice and flat after washing. Usually that goes away after a few days of use.
I have absolutely no complaints about the design or function of this space heater. We have used it in a nursery and I love how it clearly displays the temperature and how the front grill is never hot enough to cause burns regardless of the settings. However, 14 months after we bought it the screen died and the heater will no longer produce heat (although the fan works).
Bought for my disabled mother as a Christmas gift, she was delighted.
Loved doing this painting. It was fun to do. GAve it 4 stars wouldn't have been 5 but, I didn't think the drills had much sparkle at all. Will have to use sparkle Mod Podge.
Smaller than expected.
We bought this to add as a topper to our memory foam mattress, and boy does it help with that super firm mattress. That said, I would almost say this helps a little too much. I'm very, very glad I didn't get the 4 inch topper, because 3 is already plenty. We've had it for just over a month and I see no issue with it breaking down yet, though I would hope not for this short period of time.
Works well, but still get the "Brush is blocked" on occasion that you get with most of these replacement brushes. i just reset it from the app and it's back going again, but never get this when I use the geniune brushes but they're rather hard to find...
THEY HELP SHIRTS FIT.
This is much better quality than the vera wang duvet cover I bought a couple months ago. I bought the dark blue one and it looks just as nice as the pictures. I get compliments all the time. my only complaint is that I wish the zipper was longer. I bought a King and there are 26" on each side before the zipper starts. So far it's holding up great in the wash and to my two large dogs. I'm SO glad I bought this! I also bought the spring bloom pattern for a guest room.. I like it but it seems to be a little thinner than this one. If you are trying to decide between the two, I would go for this one. They are both cute, but overall this one is my favorite
The only thing I dislike is the canvas style fabric cubes. I thought it would be plastic.....but I love them!
It provided a variety of embroidery floss and I love it! What I dislike about this product is that there should be more beads and colors for this. It makes your bracelets very limited. Overall I'll give it a solid 4 stars out of 5
Bit small but my sister loved it.
I like this quilt set. It's reversible from the dark purple o a lighter purple-y magenta type color. The pillows are not reversible unfortunately. It is lightweight and just what I needed. I've already washed it several time and all threads are still in place. I would definitely say this is worth the money all in all. I also sleep with a thin sheet under this. I would say if you are someone who gets cold easily you would need something a bit thicker. P.S. I live in Florida.
Nice and soft. Not thick enough for an insert.
Decent holder but small opening
these sheets are soft, beautiful color. The only thing I had a problem with, one of the pillowcases has a messed up pillow case, the seam came apart, or it may have been apart when I got them, I unpacked them and tossed them in the washing machine, when I took them out of the dryer one seam was no longer a seam. They feel great, they are a great value for the price.
Great clock, we bought two
Very roomy but extremely long. A little bulky with clothes
Very soft and comfortable
Look's good and works well. Can't complain for that price.
was tired of buying filters for the Zero water filtration that i had, so i researched and found this filtration system, it works great, was easy to put together, only 2 complaints i have are , 1) cant tell how much water is left in it, 2) you cant get the water from the bottom portion that is below the spigot
Good quality , more black , not as much white as picture shows. Not yellow , orange.
We used this to pump all our pool items!!
I like the design. I like the ease of washing. I just don't like the way nylon curtains occasionally cling to you in the shower. A different, arched shower rod, maybe.... Basically, happy with the purchase and selections available.
I will be putting my house on the market and will be burring my St. Joseph soon.
Liked this,a little thin but still a good blanket. Not my main blanket on my bed though.
Exactly what I was hoping I would get.
... not really seeing that much of a difference between these and the Prima sets, which cost a WHOLE lot less, so I have to take a star away as the value for price is just not there. One slightly irritating thing was that the set came with all of the cakes rattling around loose, like they were never snapped in. Not just this one, but the other Earth set that I bought was the same way.
Love the curtains. Only problem is that one panel is one inch longer than the other.
decent for the price. should be a bit thicker.
Works as expected. you must put either a tie or belt on both sides to make sure it balances. The hanger actually turns to fit in the closet which is nice.
It's A Very Good Case The Only Thing Wrong With It Is The Ring in The Back.. I Barely Used It And It's Loose I Feel Like It's Coming Out Any Day Now..
Thought that I would stand upright for the most part, but it kind of folds over when it is full. It is durable and lightweight for taking to the laundromat
This blanket arrived the day before I had guests coming to stay or I would've sent it back because after I washed and dried it, I found that it was coming apart in two different places. I ended up sewing it and using it anyway. I love the fabric and the weight of this blanket, but buyer beware and maybe have your sewing supplies handy.
It looks lovely. The only problem is the base is just a plastic cone, and is fairly wobbly, and I have to pack in paper and other materials around the branch inside the base to keep it secure.
Nice but heavier than I thought
I've noticed these aren't quite as good as the Roomba brand, but for the price they are good. They make a squeaky noise when the robot is running, but can be tolerated.
Okay but I wish it was a little bigger with a little better storage compartments.
This is good yarn for making scrubbies and washes well! Bought to make designated dishcloths for my cast iron.
Very soft, very comfortable. My only concern is over time they may flatten out and and become hard and flat
Holds on to a lot of stuff. Sturdy and inexpensive. I like it. I am using it in the kitchen.
Works quite well but the chrome finish started to come off within the first few uses.
I like it, however I didn't receive the color that I ordered. I ordered the Teal Queen Printed sheets and got plain black sheets. I'm just a bit disappointed considering that these were part of my daughter's Christmas gift. Really wanted the Teal so that it matched her room.
This caddy is made very well and it's sturdy. The problem is that it is too short to reach across my large bath tub.
I liked the look. It was what I was looking for but thought it would be bigger.
I bought this for the leather couch in our RV. It fits because it has elastic straps on the corners. It looks pretty nice. It doesn't stay on the couch when the dog gets up on it because the couch is slick and so is the back of the cover. Dogs don't seem to mind. They just pile it up and lay on it.
These are amazing but save your money if your closet is small, just get thinner hangers, these take up more space I believe!
easy to clean and reshape
The stamps are great, no complaint. However, I should have been a wiser shopper. Found the very same package of stamps a week later at Tuesday Morning for less than half the price (not even on sale). :-( That's the reason for only a 4 star rating.
The quality seems to be great. They are soft but definitely NOT wrinkle free. Washed and dried and removed immediately from dryer and they are full of wrinkles. However they are the first of many that I have found to fit my 16" double mattress so I'm keeping them.
Had no problem setting the lock. Product does exactly what it is supposed to do. A little smaller than I thought. I would buy again.
I love the way the Faux Leather Lumbar Pillow Cover feels and looks. It is a decorative pillow cover. You fill it as full as you want or put over another pillow. It just wipes clean. You can use it anywhere car, rv, couch, chair or use it a pillow to lay on. The zipper i am not sure about, it seems to small, but so far it is doing good. Just my opinion.
It was exactly as I expected it to be. It's perfect for my kpop photocards.
Excellent product, only thing that I would change is to make the display more viewable from an angle.
I'm very pleased with this tub stopper. I do wish it was a little more dense in weight. When filling my tub, the stopper tends to get pushed around from the water pressure. If the stopper was heavier or had a firmer suction, this may be prevented. Overall, I'm still very happy with the stopper.
Very pretty & seems well made. Satisfied with this product.
I like the awesome view that has been depicted in this picture. The view is very warm and offers a feeling of being calm and relaxed. The artwork is very professional and I am enjoying the picture that I purchased.
These lights are pretty typical. I just needed a new strand to replace my old lights and these are perfect.
Very cute plants. Used them to bring out my kitchen counter display. Gave them 4 stars instead of 5 because they were a little pricey but I assume you are paying for the glass cubes instead of ceramic. Overall, satisfied.
Can't give more stars since I only tried to wash one towel and used it a few times. It washed well, feels good to the skin, very absorbent and dries the body super quick and towel dries quickly. Can't speak of durability and long term performance at this time.
Got everything exactly what I expected for the price. All the hooks are good. I have all different sizes (no repeat sizes). The counters are SUPER cheap but what do you expect for 12? Buy a nicer counter of your going to use it lots. Came with everything stated although the bag that I ordered wasn't the one I got. So be prepared for a random color
Nice blanket/ sheet set... 7yr old loves it. Good size and seems to hold up to being washed.
Soft and silky but does snag easy. Would definitely purchase again.
I bought this for a friend who collects nutcrackers. It is very cute! I found the hot glue a little sloppy only on the bottom part (gluing on the beads and peppermint) and tried to capture that in the close-up picture. Also including a picture of the box it came in. Overall, a great purchase!
Very nice keepsake box, Purchased for a gift.
This extension isn't the one pictured/described in the description. Otherwise great product just be aware you won't be getting the extension shown (or at least I didn't lol).
I bought this as a gift for my FIance to store his wedding suit in.
Sturdy wooden frame the cardboard picture backing seemed too large, not able to fit all sides flatly behind the picture.
Really simple elegant and beautiful
Love it but, the spray nozzle broke halfway through the can so I had to improvise and spray cockeyed holding the nozzle on. I don't know how else to explain it! Also, a very small can.....trial size.
The product came as ordered. Hubby repaired the one vacuum and it works really nice. The cord does get warm with use, but I think the old one did as well.
This set of fire starters for the smoker/grill was a better buy for our money than the name brand. Same quality as the named one and less cost. I'm happy with the purchase and can't wait to get out on the patio to grill tonight!
First day of use and it does it's job. I was not expecting it to be so small though, as in it is very short. But it is definitely a good heater.
Beautiful, but too costly for the amount received. It does make a lovely package though.
Basement humidity is much better using this
Its good. But I feel after about 2 months now it is losing the contour shape
I received about 7 of these crystals. They came in great shape and were pretty clean. Only down side is that they are VERY PALE, I know rose quartz range in tones, but jeez.. It would be nice to have a variety of the tones in the order.
I like the feel of this blanket overall but I get too hot at night I think with it on. The cotton feels like good quality and I've washed it two times without any problem, so I like that. However, I get hot at night with it on. I'm a hot sleeper so I cranked the AC down a couple of degrees and that helped a little but I still get hot. Now that the weather is cooler I will try it again... I will say that it seems well-made so I guess that is reflected in the price.
It was just what I wanted!
I really like this rug, especially for the price. It's a little hard to vacuum due to the fabric but it's an easy affordable bath mat that absorbs water well.
You get what you pay for. Good comfort for the price.
Thinner than expected, but our guests seemed to like it. I've not used it personally
Very sturdy and functional. I am disabled and hard for me to get close to a mirror on wall. This makes it easy to swing on front me.
The material fits over fad, ripped patio furniture. I did not like that I had to pay for two chair covers when I only wanted to buy one.
This great for a small room. Easy to use. I do spill often bc the reservoir is so shallow.
They wore down easily but it got the job done!!
They don't really fit in well but they work great. Easy to wipe off. Only last about 60 days each
Nice scent that is not overpowering. Color is dark and appears more black than light grey as described.
I like the sewing box very much. It has everything a person needs for sewing purposes. It is adorable.
Good quality for the price
I thought I was ordering the little bottles that you put in the outlets Like they have from Bed Bath and Beyond. Lol!!!
So this is an update.... the paints I recieved before had been in one of the warehouses that was in one of the ice storms.... which affected the paint quality. The sellers graciously replaced my set (from an unaffected batch) and after using them I have to say that they are great quality! I would totally buy them again, maybe a bigger set with more colors! Almost half of my paints were dry and clay like! So disappoined!! All I wanted to do was paint a Bob Ross painting!
For inexpensive pillow covers, these did the job. They look festive and colorful during this holiday season. And they are certainly cheaper than buying 4 holiday decorative pillows!
They are so comfy but I worry a little about how thin they are. I hope they last for a long time because they are super comfy!
so far its good. no rip.
The box is very tough and gets the job done for what it's intended use is. The only issue is one box came slightly crushed on one side as in the photo and it's rendered unusable to me but besides that it's fine and recommended.
An affordable, but attractive table cloth. I guess I was expecting something that looked a bit more cotton-y, although it is clearly labelled as polyester. Nonetheless, it works just fine and is a nice shade of navy blue!
It was smaller than I thought but it worked well on my counter for displaying treats. I like the design but would have preferred a much thicker glass as not to break with heavy use, otherwise I would have given a 5 star rating!!
perfect for the price
Absolutely love this comforter. Super warm and not overly heavy. When I first got it in the mail and took it out of the box, it appears very thin and not fluffy at all. After laying it out on the bed for a few hours it fluffed up nicely and after sleeping with it, I woke up and it was even more fluffy. I'm sure it will be perfect for this winter.
Pigments are great. The packaging is not however. There was pigment already coming out of the little plastic packages. And its pretty hard to get out and seal back up without making a crazy mess
Came early, and they where ok, one had 2 compartments with broken lids, other wise they where pretty good.
This is a good nativity scene, the only reason why I gave it 4-star rating is that I have to put a double-sided tape at the bottom to keep it from falling forward (or backward) onto the table.
A little too large for a small or average size rosary
I really like these lashes and the magnets are strong compared to the beauty supply version.
I received said item exactly when it was said it would be here, I was disappointed that part of the mounting flange was bent, and the little fan that keeps the magnets cool was broken during shipping, unfortunately I had to do what I could since it was only going to be thirty degrees tonight and can't be without the heat
Really nice quality cotton! A tad too wide for my body pillow, but otherwise no complaints.
The screws did not go far enough into the knobs to fit my standard dresser and some not as far as others. Easy to fix using washers but still frustrating if you don't have any on hand
Perfect size I was looking for love it
Packaged well. Bought it for a Christmas present for my sister. Material is ok. Fits good
Good size, works well when I apply HTV to tshirts. I just have this mat sitting directly on my craft table, I'll put the tshirt directly onto the mat, and then I use the EasyPress to heat up the vinyl. I don't have anything to compare this to, as I've never used any other type of silicone pad, so I'm not sure if it's a great value or not...but it seems to work well for me, and protects my table from the heat.
Not what I expected but gets the job done.
The item isn't quite as pictured, but nonetheless it gets the job done and still looks nice in my living room. I was hoping that it would look a little more realistic in terms of the rustic design but thats ok. There is quite a lot more white than "wood" color. I'm not too picky, I was just a little surprised to see it look different.
Works great as a tie back. Used curtain between magnets to hold up.. otherwise there's no other way.
I bought these for my PreK classroom. They did have a odd odor to them but it dissipated pretty quickly and didn't seem to bother the kids. One cushion flattened very quickly but the student using it didn't mind. The others were fine and kept their shape. The colors were bright and very cute! I would buy it again.
Good price, I would of liked them to be a little thicker.
Loved them still use them
The shelves can't hold a lot of weight, but it was easy to assemble. It's as good as expected for the price.
I ordered pink and received blue. They are really big pillowcases. Soft & I do like.
The colors are really pretty, especially together. However I think there could have been more on the roll. The fabric is not stiff
This product is easy to weed and comes off clean. Easy to layer several colors with. I recommend ironing for a longer time since it doesn't always stick the first time.... BUT, I've made several projects already and all came out great. Super easy and fun to work with!!
I really love it! Only bad thing is, it seems a little sheer, not see through just not very thick looking.
I received the wrong item with the shower curtain label attached to it. Nancy in customer service helped out and is sending a replacement. Very quick turnaround towards solving a minor inconvenience. I will update my rating once I receive the actual product.
Seems good quality. And big enough to hold a large amount of laundry
Pricey but great quality and easy to clean
It looks great on the bed once you can get your cover inside it. I had a bit of a struggle getting it inside which would be easily fixed if they put zippers on both ends instead of the single one that isn't all the way across. It takes a bit of work but still worth the effort when it's finally on the bed as it looks great.
One of the curtain packages I bought is great! It blocks out nearly all the light. The second is missing the black layer of fabric and lots of light gets through. I just realized this today and it's too late to contact the company to notify them of the issue. Bottom line: great blackout curtains when the correct product is delivered!
Very pretty, relatively easy to assemble. They were so pretty that after the party I reused them in my classroom where they are still as well.
I was most happy with the price. I live in a very humid area of Texas and have no problems keeping my cigars fresh. I really like the glass top and humidity indicator on the front.
Would have gave it 5 stars but it had no pump with it and slightly small.
Loved working on this piece. Very Addicting but good fun
Liked the price, but they bend easy
Giving 4 stars since too early to tell how long they will last but so far so good.
So soft. Just watch the stitching
Overall the product is great and does just what I wanted it to do it is very durable and structured well. I gave it a 4 only because I had hoped the wire baskets also had a back to prevent bottles from marring the door it is hung on. also this product has to be screwed into the door. The tape on holders are not strong enough and held the product down for less than a day.
Looks great and well built. But not as powerful as I would Like
Seems to work great. I put a lot of clothes on mine and they still hanging
Love the glasses and they do help me sleep better. My only suggestion would be, could you design some to clip on to prescription glasses. Its difficult to 'balance' the blue block glasses over normal glasses when using computer or reading at night. Just a suggestion ;)
This is an off white bouquet, the broach are big and not very secure. I removed them as they where falling out right out of the bag. I decided to use the broaches as broaches and not on the bouquet.
Not so sure about use on a plane...but really not necessary. I did use it at my bedside each night and works in a cup of water or bottle, but when you use the short filter, note that it may not last all night. But almost! I like it and will use it again.
Warm and comfy. Washes well.
Nice case well made and holds all my supplies.
This drawer organizer is great! It helps tidy up my socks, undies, and other small items in the drawer. Just what I wish for except it could have more divides.
This product works for what we need. Gave 4 stars because it looks pretty cheap.
I love the life like look of the flowers -loving them !!
Been looking for 4x4 collage picture frames and this was perfect
The color is beautiful and the fabric is fine based on the price.
The fan seems well built and the long USB cable made it easy to plug in to my vehicles available USB port. The fan itself does heaven impressive air flow coming from it when on the highest setting. If you have someone that likes a gentle air flow but not necessarily cold AC or if your vehicle doesn't have dual climate this may be an excellent item to help get someone some added comfort in the car. I was a bit disappointed it didn't have its own rechargeable battery but understand this is for safety reasons as some of those batteries can overheat so given that restriction this seem like a very good product if you wanted simply an added fan to your vehicle.
This is a really cute and really simple for grid journal. There color is beautiful and I'm super excited to start using it. The stencils were a nice addition, but it was a little disappointing to see a lot of the same things in each stencil. I don't really need 6 stencils of heart and star shapped bullets, that space could've potentially been another cute little boarder instead. The die cutter that made the stencils also didn't punch out all of the pieces on my stencils, but they were easy enough to poke out by hand when I caught those things. For the price I paid this is pretty awesome!
The towel is adorable and soft! The quality is great. The only problem is it's not big enough to be a towel unless you get it for a 2-3 year old. For my 30 pound daughter it works more like a robe. It works though and is great at the pool!
Seems to work well Got small can the found out my neighbor had the BIG can.
Nice looks like picture
I liked the noise it made when moved. It was not “giant”
Had sort of a funny smell but went away, may have been the packaging. Comfy, cute and worth the price. Would recommend.
The product is great, however, installing it to my wall was a little annoying. The top wire of the circular holders on the top of the rack were in the way of the screw holes on the product, so installing it to the wall so that the screws were straight going into the wall was hard to do. Tried to use a household drill to get the screws in since we used the anchors it came with but the drill wouldn't fit because the wired circles were in the way so we resorted to a screwdriver which worked but was not as easy as I'd hoped. I love the rack! I just wish the screw holes were easier to access.
The only issue I had is that the first time I purchased this item I got 2 of each color. The second time I only got 3 colors, not 6 like last time. But overall they're good and hold up well.
for what I needed, this was a great product. The inserts to separate the compartments are a little flimsy and move around but otherwise this is great! Looks great too!
The curtains are really nice, like the color and material very much. They were barely wrinkled when I took them out of the package, would definitely order them again.
Pillows are really good for the neck comfort, just buy and see results later
Nice storage bin but not for tall rolls of paper
Liked the size and quality of the bags. Only downside is the tie twisty is not that strong. For the quality and thickness of the bag the twisty needs to be stronger.
Shaped plastic, holds a soap bar.
Product arrived quickly and well packed. I bought this unit to help with pet hair and dander (cat). Filter will be easy to change when needed. Filter is doing what I bought it for. So far so good, have had it a couple of weeks. Received a email from the manufacturer checking my satisfaction and the filter replacement number.
Love it it arrive pretty quickly as well
My son who is 11 likes it. Feels a lil bit cheap but for my son works just great. Queen size
The count was off on the bags; I got fewer of the Type Qs than advertised in the bundle, but more of the Type Is, so it was kind of a wash, but the quality appears to be identical to the Hoover branded bags.
These do what they are supposed to do. They are pot scrubbers. I like the cheerful color. They dry fast and therefore no grody sponge smell.
Hi this is a great product I used to cover some fondant letters.
We use this in various ways while trying to sleep on planes. I tend to use it on my forehead, neck and chin to keep my head from rolling too far in a bad direction. Helps keep my mouth closed some (embarrassment to my kids when my mouth's open on a plane!). I had to try various ways of positioning to have it work for me, but that's the beauty of the J shape: you configure it to fit your use/what works for you.
This is a great mop and it works well to soak up water. It was also easy to put together. My kids enjoy playing with it also.
Worked great, but it wouldn't fit back in box. Had to store it in a large bag for next year.
Very easy to install. Good quality.
Bigger than I expected but should work fine for what I need them for.
Need one for the vacuum, it won't stand on it's own
Great air cleaner super quite and easy to use seems to help with allergy problems. Will definitely purchase again.
I really like this shelve. My husband does not have a closet space in our rooms and before 1/2 of his clothes were on the floor. Not anymore, with space still. ❤️
The casters make it easy to maneuver this sturdy ironing board but I find it a little clumsy to close.
We placed electrical tape on the center post at each place where a screw was meant to go into the metal surface. It made each connection tighter. So far, I'm pleased well enough.
I love the style and shape of the frames . It has a solid wood with glossy look which is a good one . The 4 PCS fits well in my wall with good pics . Nice good looking pics and wall mount is easy and doesn't require much time to install. Nice frames
Arrived earlier than anticipated. The direction on how to sew the cut material need improvement.
I use this product to set taller in my car. I'm only 5 foot and this could have been a little taller. It is very constable to set on. I use it while driving and while setting on bleachers or other hard surfaces. Very well made.
It's a off by 2 degrees
Purchased this cabinet to hold my huge collection of jewelry and costume accessories that were all over the place. It's perfect in terms of it's utility, and I especially love the LED light and lock. It was a bit of a pain to hang however, the holes on the back were not perfectly placed and I had to make modifications to get the cabinet to hang level. With slightly better quality control on the fabrication this product would be perfect. My advice- if you need to hang it with screws, measure everything twice before drilling and do not assume the pre-drilled holes are level.
Not as easy as it looks. It came out fairly good with a good amount of working at it.
Nit as o thought. Paper is very thin.
The design on the pillow cases is apart of the fabric so we haven't had any problems with peeling or the design rubbing off. I would recommend these pillow cases.
Here are the pros and cons of this product: - PROS: looks nice - you do get what you see easy to assemble lightweight - CONS: only 3 wheels touch the ground - if you need to move this around a lot this may be an issue
I think it may have been better with less colors, but more of each and they would be able to mix. She ran out of pink really quickly. It probably is a reasonable gift, but the brushes look a little cheap. That being said, my daughter enjoys painting with it.
Product looks just like the advertisement. The only negative is it is only about a quarter inch thick. I can still use it for what I intended on doing. I was going to replace the top of a TV tray with this top. Now, I will just glue it over the top of the existing tray top. Really should have been a cheaper price and the 4-5 week wait does not justify the expense.
Bought these sheets for my grandson and they are super soft and comfy. Love the bright colors and he loves the pattern!
Very pretty crown, however, I was not anticipating most of the jems and Pearl's to be loose in the bag with a tube of nail glue inside????? If you know your product is fragile, maybe let your customers know that they may have to put some of their crown/tiara together??? Wanted a ready to made crown, not a craft project, thanks for the heads up. Btw, I order crowns for cakes all the time and this is the first seller that had such mediocre care to the product.
High quality look and feel. Also.great sun blackout.
Colors are great and easy to install, the self adhesive could be better, if you are going to hang them on a wall, you are going to need some clips
This Air Mattress with Built-in Electric Pump, Sable Twin size Inflatable Airbed for Camping, Travelling, Overnight Guests, Height 20 Inches inflates and deflates pretty fast. I really like the inbuilt inflating pump. It is comfortable and perfect for one person. It can be folded easily to carry out or to store in a closet.
The towel itself has an overall softness to it that makes you feel comforted when drying.
I wish I had room in my closet for another, I would order it in a heartbeat. It was easy to put together and even though I got it from the warehouse, there was no damage to it.
I wish it was brighter with larger areas of magnification.
Smells great! Only reason I'm giving 4 stars is because the droppers on the bottles barely drops at all. I had to remove the drip tips on bottles and use a separate dropper.
Much appreciated. It worked perfectly for our needs.
These boxes are so useful as drawer organizers. High quality material. The only problem is they don't actually interlock when stacking. They do provide no-slip buttons to apply to the bottom if you would like, which could help. Not a big deal, but something I was expecting.
These towels we're very nice for the price.
Looks so cute, but I still had to cut my picture because it would cover the "woof"... The picture I was used was vertical. If it was horizontal it would cover the paw... I think you'd still need to trim your picture regardless.
Worked well. I wouldn't mind one a bit larger. Should hold up well. Light weight.
So cute. Perfect added detail for our guest bathroom.
This pillow is a back saver! I have a hard time sleeping with one pillow, I always need support for my arms and back, cause I sleep on my side, and it's easier using this pillow. I've been also using it when I sit on the bed, to read or watch TV. I fold the sides to make it look like a chair, it's very comfortable! I gave 4 stars cause the cover can rip off easily if not careful, kids playing with it for example, and hard to put back if washed. Overall it's a great purchase, the price is very reasonable. It's been hard to keep it for myself only, everybody wants to use it at three same time!
I've owned other hydro flask products and love their proprietary coating but this mug is misleading and comes in a sort of rubber sheath around the metal cup. I wouldn't complain except you can pull the rubber away from the cup near the handle bringing doubts of long term life to this product.
Love these sheets, they are so soft and comfortable!
Good storage and pretty simple assembly. What I don't like is the top just fits on with nothing to really secure it. I ordered another one that has a zipper top and much prefer that one.
Only thing I do not like is it is a tight fit for the pillows making it hard to put them in or remove for washing. Other than that these are great. Kids use them when we do movie night on the weekends, camping in the tent, and sleep overs with friends.
is ok. it works good with some of my projects.
Had an upper respiratory cold for months and couldnt recall a night when I didnt have to sleep on my back propped up with pillows. Decided since our house humidity is low in winter due to radiant heat I would try a room humidifier. So many choices it is mind numbing. Read a lot of reviews and picked this one due to everyone saying it was good. Had some concerns about not knowing the brand but so far no complaints. These types of machines are essentially basic operating units so not a ton to figure out. I do wish its cycle lasted longer than 8 hours as it shuts off before I awake. One tiny thing to note -- the directions leave a lot to be desired as it is clear they were written by someone in which english is not a primary language. Somewhere in the book it says to be aware the machine can drip water so I fished out a snack tray from storage to place it on rather than risk ruining my dresser.
I was hesitant on these, my wife bought them. I installed them and am very pleased with the look and function.
Very nice quality & came on schedule. Very happy with this purchase.
I was actually quite impressed with this product. The colors activate easily and are totally fair for the price.
I recieved the order a day later than scheduled and when I opened the box, 3 hangers were broken. Still a good value and happy with purchase.
I have Small ladies hands which took some getting use to at first because there is a Lot of room inside these gloves. These gloves are manufactured to fit everyone's hands including a large mans hands. I wish they came in a smaller size. Even still, they work very well, and it's a whole lot better to have Excellent protection against burning yourself and these work very well to keep everyone Safe. So I Appreciate owning a pair as they are very handy & made Very Well.
I work upstairs in an old building without insulation. It has been incredibly hot, the AC is struggling, and I don't have much room for a fan. Purchased this one after reading several reviews. The size is great and it's actually very quiet. Some reviews stated it was noisy but this is one of the quietest little fans ever. It's only about 4-5 feet from my desk (only place I have to put it), but I don't get much of a noticeable breeze from it. I'm giving it 4 stars for that reason. Didn't expect it to blow me away, but had hoped for more reach. Still keeps the air moving though, it's quiet and it looks nice. I think if you have room for it on your desk or bed side table, it would be perfect.
Very soft and just what I was looking for. The first order came in damaged. I sent it back and reordered. The second one had a slit in the interior packaging but it didn't penetrate through to the the blanket (as near as I can tell). It was quite difficult to unwrap because of the amount of tape used.
I used this as transfer paper for vinyl. Pros: good price point; grid helps to align multiple cuts on a single piece; works well with matte and shiny vinyl; at 10ft length, gives you a lot to work with Cons: not translucent so lighter colored vinyl is more difficult to see; requires a scraper and elbow grease to ensure it fully adheres; doesn't work for glitter or shimmer vinyl; if your vinyl design won't be used or you're shipping it, they may need to apply extra pressure to make sure it adheres correctly.
Not the size I expected. A solicitor would had to open screen door to actual read the sign.
Kind of hard to hang, but it works fine.
My grand daughter likes it but I wish it plugged in instead of using batteries.
The dial is really really hard to read. Seemed like I received used items. Water in the chamber. Soleplate scratched.
This product is soft for baby, but it is too big of our newborn. It is more appropriate for children 1 to 3 months of age. We are really excited about using this more often when our baby is bigger!
This is a great length. It's not too heavy or too light. The suction cups cling and work well. If there were more texture on the top of the mat so my feet gripped better I would give it a 5.
These work as you would expect any clipped hanger to work. The clips are easy to adjust to whatever width you would need. They are a bit bulky when using a lot of them but that is the same for most hangers with clips.
Loved the necklace and the colors . Worth the price and excellent shipping
the plastic covers for the screws did not hold in my drywall. I had to go out and buy drywall anchors that were stronger. The screws that you twist to hold the rod in place need to be screwed as tight as possible. Otherwise nothing will hold.
I bought 3 sets and the blue doesn't work on one of them. The other two work flawlessly. The directions were not clear on a few points. The light strips have different connectors so one connects to the controller and one is the end. Won't work if you hook the up wrong so test before applying. The voice control through Google Home is awesome. Overall, great buy for the money.
I think these foam beads were a good price for how many it comes with. I was able to make tons of slime with these. The only thing I was disappointed with was from the picture the rainbow bead bag looks much bigger but in reality it was only a tad bit bigger. The color on them surprisingly does NOT come out on the slime (which they can do sometimes). I will definitely be buying from this company again!
These are really nice pillow covers and I would have given them a 5 star but the material is super scratchy but they do soften up a little the longer you use them.
Thought it was an actual pillow rather than a cover. But we love it; it's a stylish addition and great pillow for my preteen daughter.
This is my second light because the first broke removing it from the package. With that said remove light from package VERY carefully and have a hot glue gun warmed up and ready to glue down power wire to the back of light (see photos). If you do not the wires WILL brake at the solder point on the front of the light. This was an easy fix and the light works and looks great. Rating this 4 stars for having to do this repair, otherwise it would have gotten 5.
These are very small wooden pegs. Check the details for exact size. Because they are so small they are quite fiddly and do fall apart if you are not careful, however I'm sure it would be impossible to make sturdier pegs this size. Would recommend. Perfect for holding Polaroids on a string or for card making!
It did not fully get the hard water stains off my toilet. I will keep using and hopefully over time they will disappear.
The tines are very sharp and some care needs to be taken in handling. Very high quality.
Greats soft blanket but it filled my washer up with pieces of blanket and then I had to empty my dryer lint screen every 5 minutes.
If you move the chair they remove themselves all the time. But they are very smooth and protect the hardwood floor from scratches.
Did not work as good as I expected
We haven't tried them out yet but they look like what we wanted for our family reunion.
I like it ok, however, it is different from most sharpeners. Be careful not to over-sharpen...check the point periodically or you will waste lead. It produces a short point rather that a long one, if that makes sense. For the price, it is worth it.
I bought mine June 2016. It was my second. I got almost 2 years out of this one. Ran ir continuously. I love this fan. Wish it had better longevity. Guess I'll buy a other soon.
The price dropped $20 4 days after I received this. I would like a price adjustment
Material is beautiful and well made.
This is really cute and good quality. It's just very thick so keep that in mind. I wish it was flatter so that I wasn't stepping up onto it or getting suitcases caught on it. But otherwise it's adorable.
Pretty candle ring however, berries are not evenly distributed around the edges. There were a couple of gaps on two sides of the ring. I had hoped that once the glass pillar was pushed through it would help. It didn't, ring was still uneven. Candle ring was shipped in a padded envelope which was a concern. It was wrapped in bubble wrap several times. Personally I think it should have been boxed instead.
Fulfilled project needs
I ordered 2 more, since they are so awesome. However, 2 of the crystals in one of the boxes were broken. 2 out of 40 pieces isn't bad. However, for the seller, they need to know that the octagon crystals are smashing up against the tear drop crystals and are causing the damage. If they would separate all of the pieces and bubble wrap them a little better, this wouldn't happen. If the delivery person wouldn't DROP them on my porch, maybe that would help as well.
I wish they had posted size as this was a gift but it works and is beautiful.
It was fine for the price . Looked more plastic than would have thought .
Nice large and adjustable design. Easy to keep clean, especially removable utensil cup. Only thing I don't love is the rows seem to be too far apart for most items so items just don't seem to fit quite right.
It's very nice but I miscalculated so I ordered 2 more panels. The solid color is grayish and not white at all, but it's still ok because the material is really awesome. I will definitely order more from this brand of curtains.
This is perfect for making space inside to store my bike (tiny home). I don't like leaving my expensive bike outside. Bringing it inside means it takes up valuable space or is in the way. I found a little corner that i could stand the bike up in (with this stand) and viola! This beats drilling holes in walls for hooks and hangers. You need to muscle it together a little (the holes in the manufacturing don't quite line up) but once you get it put together you're good! Only 4 stars for poor assembly - it took longer than it needed to.
I can tell it isn't the most stable/durable, but looks super cute! Doesn't gold a lot, and there is an odd number of earring slots which is weird since you can't put a pair together, but still cute.
Its very small which is great! But it fits my bowls and pans strangely. Seems to be built mostly for plates
Everything like the review plus better!! 4 stars out of five because I keep on hurting my toes in the heavy wheels....
Amazing fur yarn! Love the color variation and the realistic look of it. Feels just like a bunny but it's ethical! Yes, they are small skeins but the description literally says it's 35 yards. I made a small cowl with it and it turned out wonderfully. It's so fluffy you can't even tell it's crochet. The only reason this is a 4 star review is because the price is wildly high. After using this I fell in love with it and searched around for a different source. Found it for about $2 a skein but the shipping will take a while. What you're really paying for here is convenience and you have to decide if it's worth it to you!
First one quit working but the company was wonderful and supplied me with another one to replace the one that stopped working. This one has been working great for over a month now!
My wife loves this bag. We did lose the zippers but customer service responded quickly and is sending use new ones. We just may have had bad luck and some dryer demons. ;)
These are beautiful bags and come in the full color variety shown. I packaged homemade soaps in them and had no problems and they were well-recieved. I deducted one star because a couple of bags came missing the ribbons to secure them, but in a pack of 100 it was not a big issue.
This item can handle a lot of cans food
This was quite time consuming. Each letter has to be placed individually on the wall. I had to adjust a few because it wasn't level. But the message is a positive one.
Made my son happy. Not too excited that it sits and doesn't straighten his legs out. But its still nice
Its a replacement it works perfectly.
It was a little smaller and off color compared to the curtain rod but I just bunches the curtains over it so it's not noticeable. Works great though.
I was expecting thin but wow it is super thin, I still love it it's soft and comfortable.
This was going to be a spring project but I'm sick and bored so I started out. Three days in its looking pretty good. The brushes that were included are much better than I expected them to be. I actually bought brushes to use and haven't opened them. I would recommend this for sure. It's easy and incredibly relaxing.
This works great to pit cherries quickly which is important if you have 7 grandchildren all wanting berries for lunch when they come to visit!
Love these, great price. I did cut off the elastic straps though. Could not figure them out. BUT the sheet stays on perfectly. Will buy these again
My reason for 4 stars is because I actually really liked these bows. They are beautiful, well constructed and really easy to install. I would have given 5 stars however I received two different types of bows just like so many other reviewers have complained about. The really liked the darker set of bows, but they only sent me one set. If I had received all the lighter color bows and never saw the dark ones, I would have been equally as happy as long as they all matched. The lighter colored ones were really long which is great because they fit in some huge cupboards. All of the bows are adjustable, you fit them to size, cut off excess ribbon and stick on velcro to your remaining ribbon. Very easy to install and looks so charming for the Christmas season. These added a lot of cheer to my kitchen, just beware that you may receive different sets if bows. I was aware that there was a strong possibility of getting different bows from all the reviews that I had read, so I was okay with it. I was still very pleased with what I received for the price that I had paid. I ordered 3 sets for a total of 12, and Amazon quickly returned my set that did not match the others.
Smaller than what I expected but made it useful anyway and used it for my sons small toys.
I got one for my bf. It is a big relief to know he is gonna always have a nebulizer with him! It has a nice stream for just 2 double As. And when the batteries die he Can plug it into a power pack and it worked great!!!
Like how easy this is to put on. A little long, even for a king. Still looks nice though
This cleaner works awesome. I gave it 4 stars because putting the screws in was a nightmare.
Everything about these lights were good once I decided to place them at an easier spot for the remote to reach with out being blocked the adhesion is really good they haven't came off my wall yet and the lights are still glowing
Fast shipping and good quality a lot easier to work with then the blocks
It's sturdy, light, and seems to seal really well. We shall see how it keeps coffee. I'm using it for coffee at work, so I'm hoping it keeps whole beans fresh for a month or so.
Pretty soft and nice quality, no loose threads or anything wierd. Also I got it like 12 hours after I ordered it and I don't even have prime so that was really cool!
Easy to use and cleaning is easy as well.
For the amount of acorn tops, a good percentage of them were usable with only a few in pieces. I baked them in the oven to make sure there were no bugs inside then used them right away. Nice product!
I like the size but it definitely does not do the job as a regular size ironing board does. Will make do as I can no longer handle the regular size.
This thing sucks in a good way. I have a dog that sheds, a lot. My last vacuum I had for about 10 years die and thought it was worth it to get one with more power. The first time I ran it, it filled up the dust bin a few times, meaning it was getting what my other machine had left behind. Worth the money
Work great. Just replaced so too early to tell longevity.
They are cute, but too big
I was not thrilled about the wait. And the bottom of the ring could be a little flatter but it is a good ring for the price
Very cute & exactly what picture displayed. Stickers are very hard to take off, even with using Goo Gone. While assembling, the glass is very easy to break off. Be careful.
It looks and works great. I wish it was a little bigger.
I really like this clock although it's not as large as I had expected even though it's the size as described. It doesn't show very well on a darker wall, as you night imagine, but it is nicely made and looks great!
Display is almost impossible to read in a well lit environment.
Very good and good price
color are fading from the sun since we used to block sunlight for our windows..
not quite what we thought but a great product otherwise
This is a great value. It is not glamorous or fancy, it is a basic mirror that functions well. I cut my own hair and need a corner setup in the laundry room. I use an accordian mirror on one side and a wall mirror on the other side of the corner, to see the whole way around my head. I put this up in two minutes. The mirror is good quality to see well and the size is perfect, not too big or little. I was pleasantly surprised to see built in hangers on the back, one for vertical and one for horizontal hanging. They are lightweight but strong and seem to be securely attached to the backing. Very pleased.
Overall great for simple decor. Great sizes. If you want to really critique it: I attached photos. Fuzzy stuff and... stem?
I'm enjoying painting this rooster but I'm noticing that the light colored paints are thick and lumpy. These light shades are very difficult to use. It's strange but it consistently the light colors. The dark colors are great. Can I get replacement paints? If youd like me to buy, let me know how. I'm about 1/3 done and would hate to throw out the project.
The colors are very nice and vibrant. I wish the fabric was softer. The quality of the construction is very good.
It came delivered as promise and looks great
Does what it is intended for
mY DAUGHTER LOVES THIS KIT
Worked well now hope it will stay closed
Got it today. So far it's nice and firm.
Light, fairly quiet, very maneuverable, cleans floors very well even with pet hair. Not a very large dirt container. Filter could be easier to remove, clean and reassemble
THIS is the pillow I use for sitting behind my back but for sleeping it's kinda puffy hurts my neck
works well if you have the right angle when cleaning.
Love this outfit. It was the first outfit I bought for my daughter. It's much larger than a newborn size though.
The pattern is pretty, but I wanted to fold these in different ways, and they are not good for that. They are not perfectly square, and the material is pretty thick. If you just want a simple fold, and you don't mind ironing, these could be for you, but if you are hoping to do anything creative with them, maybe keep looking.
Overall, does a great job cooling a medium sized room.. It is however a little bit on the loud side, but not enough that it keeps you up at night.. It's just white noise to me..
It's super cute! The box has a bottom and it's hard to take apart so changing the box can be annoying. There were no directions to put it together but it only took a couple tries to figure it out. Overall it was a good purchase.
We got this for our small laundry room. It was easy to install. The only tricky part is getting the line taught so it does not sag under the weight of clothes. Once we looked at the photos, it was easy enough to figure out. The hook holds it very stable.
Ordered 5 sets for my king and queen beds. Very soft and comfortable. Very beautiful and vibrant colors.
Smaller then I thought they would be, so I gave them to my kids.
I bought these for a Halloween costume and they are perfect. I like that they pin on because it's less work for me! The chains are pretty heavy so it's more sturdy than I thought it would be. Some of the decorations on the top arrived a bit loose so that's why I'm not giving 5 stars.
The oil fragrance reeds are just right for a small room like a bathroom; I cannot easily detect the scent in a larger room.
I wish it was larger. To compact
Sturdy and great for left handed kids
A tiny chip of color on a frame was a disappointment.
The silver was more like a gray but other then that are nice and sturdy.
Used it as soon as I got home. No problem so far. Love seeing it clean my apt while I work or watch tv
Just got these. They are king size, but REALLY LONG! I slept on them last night and they feel amazing!
Purchased to get pet hair off our furniture. This works wonderfully. It would be nice if they had an option to purchase a smaller stick attachment, as we don't need it on a full broom stick, but it's difficult to use without any attachment. Still happy with the purchase for the cost.
I am happy with the frame and it looks nice. Only negative is that it didn't get to me on the day I was told it would.
It does the trick as a temporary fix. It looks neat and fits well. It's kind of stretchy so it looks like it was custom made. It does come undone in the part where the seat cushions meet the back cushions. I have to constantly re-tuck there. Otherwise, pretty good for the cost.
What can you say about a broom head - it works like it should . I use this for rough surfaces like the concrete sidewalk. It's tough, the bristles are good, they don't come out. A well made broom head.
Happy with my purchase.
Lovely clock in the price range I wanted. Big, readable info. I keep it on my dresser.
I like the set very much. Although it's not as bright pink as the picture. I would recommend. The price is right.
Pad fit the xl mattress perfectly. Very nice quality.
The pattern is cute and the size choice was great. They look good on the windows. The only downside is I'm not too happy with the material. It's seems too thin. Other than that, nice curtains.
Bought this for my wife and she said so far so good.
Great for chrome. Pretty good for glass.
The pins are a bit difficult to get in the wall without tools. Otherwise great product.
Decent quality and very easy to assemble. Holds a little less than a cord of wood. I attached two photos to this review. One is the wood rack fully loaded and the other photo is what was remaining of the half cord of wood.
first time I removed the top was challenging, but good from then on
Fast delivery and better price
It's spray glue did a great job
These are very dim lights but worked as described. Couldn't be used in my lamps because they didn't produce enough light.
A mess and glitter rubs off easily but I loved them anyways
A little smaller and more lightweight than I expected. They'll do the job though!!
I really love the look and the feel of this loveseat cover, but I have to admit that those white sticks that are designed to hold the cover tucked under the loveseat pillows don't work. They constantly fall out when I sit on the loveseat. I ended up tucking it in with just some wooden sticks from home depot. They are heavier and hold the cover much better
Small and compact. Kind of flimsy but ok for the $10 + free shipping price. Anymore $ and not worth it. It does what I needed it to do. And I didn't want anything bigger. My shoes are wide so I had to stagger them, no problem.
Happy with shipping and contents! All pieces as described with the roll up case! Have not used utensils yet, but will soon and if they work half as good as they look, I'll update to 5 stars...
They fit perfectly. Odor free,as hoped for. Only not quite as flexible as rubber gloves.
The molds work, but the bath bombs seem to be flaky and falls apart easily
I'm using these for crafting...the wires in center of each palm leaf make them easy to shape and handle.
Just received the furniture cover - it appears to be working as described. Stays in place even without the elastic bands.
This is perfect for me but it took forever to put together and required two people. There's no instructions on how to do it and the tracking for the drawers took 4 times to get right.
It works just like it should. I wish I could have found one designed with hooks turned out instead of forward so that cups hang sideways. When they hang sideways, they fit better in the cupboard (don't touch the doors). I also wish the support on top was just two separate bars instead of the closed-end/rectangular style because it affects the items on that shelf more.
These are not bad...I really wanted to cover the entire chair but unfortunately it is difficult to find. But until then this will do. It will work for now.
Good price good product. Very comfortable.
The joint part can't hold the frame tightly and easily tear apart.
looks nice product as described. would order again. only negative, horrible directions. threw the directions away and put it together based on the picture
These aren't the usual cotton sheets, they're a slightly more slick cotton. That surprised me, but they're very comfortable. They also fit the bed very well. Unfortunately it's a little hard to tell how to put it on, because you can't really tell which is the long side and which is the short side since, like most folded sheets, there are no markers. But I solved that by marking the underside areas with a sharpie.
This product is exactly as described. The only complaint I have is the wire to plug it up is sort of short & the light bulbs has a weird noise when you turn it on. But over all, the product is so nice & wonderful. I am so pleased with it. I recommend big time!
The lights are very easy to install and look great! The reason I gave 4 stars is because of the heat it generates. We have been using these bulbs in our patio for about month and so far they seem to be doing well in rain and cold weather. Tip: During the initial setup I thought some of the bulbs were not working but later realized that I have to screw them really tight. Since they are made of glass one needs be very careful while handling them
Laundry hamper came as advertised and was what I was expecting. Although one rod was damaged and bent when I unpacked it. I emailed the company and they refunded my money no questions asked. Overall I am very happy with customer service and the product.
I like the sturdiness and how fast my iRobot moves around, It does pickup hair, dirt leaves my place looking clean. It mounts up on carpet, may get stuck under the bed or dresser. I suggest running it while someone is present to monitor it.
Cool cotton cover; good design allows weight be evenly distributed. Overall a purchase I can recommend.
Really cute, I bought it for my sons body pillow but it is extra big so I had to tie the end.
These candles are very cute. They have a cute design and each of them has a unique and adorable name. I love the way that they work. They function as they say obscuring the smell of pets. I am not the biggest fan of the scents of the candles as they are very strong but they function exactly as described which is great. I'm not sure that there is a way for them to function with a less strong scent. I will probably keep they closed and just as cute shelf pieces instead of burning them very frequently. I would definitely give these candles to someone with a pet as a gift. They are wrapped very nicely and look very professional.
No remote controll. However, they work as advertised and look good.
A bit too long for my bath, however I made it work. It does its job, and totally prevents slipping around. This is a must for any tub
Good product. I'm not super knowledgeable in working with vinyl but it does what it bought it for. Only thing is that the backing on the for the white vinyl is also white so it's hard see if you're applying a non-clear transfer tape to it
perfect for what I needed. the rubber sides are a little flimsy and sometimes don't fold down properly the first time. but it's sturdy and easy to use.
Would have given it 5 stars but there was not a complete set of letters even though there were many different colors. Always one short. Clean cuts
Relaxing and smell is amazing
Was told great gift that was loved. However when ordering the pic did not show in the order status, that is one thing I would suggest the company to change is viewing the pic blanket, before purchasing.
I liked it but the mermaid was cracked when we got it. Didn't want to hassle with sending back. It's now in the trash. We still have the stars up!
I like this for next to washer but a few things, little narrow for detergent and I have to roll it carefully comes apart easily
I like that it feels solid and even my 4 year old can use it to fold his clothes
Works great, easy construction. Just pay attention to the dimensions as it appears a bit bigger in the pictures.
Fun and cool but they could have made a small dish to reset the sand in the same radius that the pendent swings on
Well I got this for my friends wedding that is on February 6 2019 and she is absolutely in love with it
A nice Urn box, made well & nice to look at. Each time I look over it makes me smile to see my little guy in such a beautiful box. The bottom sliding door a bit tricky.
This is a beautiful drying rack, just as described. When it arrived today, it was a Large, and I paid for the Extra Large, so I have to send it back. This is why I can only give it 4 stars. So... don't throw your box away... until you know you have the size you paid for.
Could have been packaged better.
product was what I was expecting. Suggestion - use a better wall ancor if you are not hitting a stud, I put it a couple rated at 50lbs.
sturdy, easy to use. Folds to store easily in small space.
It is thinner than I thought. You can kind of see through. But, for the price, it is fair.
Its cute but kind of hurts to remove from ur hair
I bought this to complete a Block of the Month quilt. It worked great.
Sage color was a little off..a bit too much blue. But the linens were soft and comfy. Queen size was perfect for my pillow top mattress.
Good lumbar support. Used in a recliner, makes it a bit difficult to lay upper body back. Good quality product.
This pillow is way too firm for me, but if you like a really firm pillow, the quality is great.
Not quite as vivid/bright as shown in the product picture. The colors on the scroll I received are somewhat muted/dull, but the overall print quality is good.
Fan works well and I like that it is relatively quiet, looking forward to using on airline flights and visits to warmer places in summer. It doesn't move air very quickly but makes a gentle breeze which is helpful.
I bought these to use as sock holders for the washing machine and dryer. The string and clip have fallen out of 2 of the bags. Considering this is not a product slated for this use, I really can't complain. Love the colors.
Shelves match perfectly to the rest of the wall hangings. Look like the pictures, and were easy to hang.
Love this iron had so many before but they don't hold up to a Rowena would buy again
Cute, stays up well. The magnet on the tray on top is not as strong as I would have expected, which made me a little nervous when putting it up, but it has stayed up fine. If you install the shelf correctly it doesn't really matter.
Not as fluffy as it looks in the picture, but still cute
It is easy to use & it works. Have only used it once.
I got this for my grandson and he loves it! Great value!
It is very pretty. I gave it only four stars because it is much smaller than I thought it would be.
I love the copper/ gray color mix. Looks really pretty and is sturdy.
Excellent patch product. The edges do peel away with wear, but this could be a result of poor application.
I bought these covers without measuring my chairs and they are to small but I love the color and the way it feels....please do yourself and measure ,measure,measure
Great spray, use it almost every night. It does help to relax after a long day. The only downfall was that it leaked a bit when being shipped, so the items around it were slightly damped...at least it smelled good.
This is a great idea for a product. I think it's better for traveling in the car. I was planning on taking it on the airplane, but the bag was too large to navigate with the rest of our bags, plus the strap broke when I picked it up. Returns are not allowed on this product so I kept it and hope to use it on a future car trip.
Not sure if I believe all the info but weight measurement is spot on
Works well, love being able to switch out the plates. Making waffles can be messy if you not careful how much to put in
This picnic blanket is huge! I ordered the green and the colors are bright and pretty. Fleece material is soft and comfortable to sit on, not scratchy on your skin. It folds back up into itself; the directions to fold it is on a small tag on the blanket, which I found helpful. There is also a handle to carry it, making it easy to bring places.
I bought this and it took almost 3 weeks to arrive (but that was disclosed when i made the purchase). It arrived broken, i contacted the seller, who promptly helped and sent a replacement that arrived in less than a week. Not much of actual lighting, but I bought it as decor, so, GREAT! Definately would recomend
Easy to set up and light weight
Perfect fit between posts of our pergola and it is not noticeable. Seems pretty sturdy, but so far I have only used it for shirts and shorts.
This absorbent towel has a variety of uses and takes up far less room than a standard towel. The white side is particularly absorbent and the printed side is vibrant and attractive without being too juvenile or gender specific. The edges are far more raw and unfinished than I would have liked and one side has a completely jagged cut. The measurements are accurate - 30" x 60" so really only suitable for 1 person at the beach or park. The item arrived in a generic plastic bag - not the best for gift giving. I can't agree with the listing page that microfiber is eco-friendly in general but this blend is 80% polyester, 20% polyamide.
well made and good quality.
Used these in one of those plastic cabinets in the garage to stack shoes on. Ended up having room to stack 2 high but they don't stack like that as is. They need solid footing to stack so I used small cedar pieces to create a base. (recycled from a garden edging) I was going to buy the cedar pieces used to line a closet but had the other pieces lying around. They' very sturdy and well made. Plan on getting more for some other cabinets at some time. Biggest drawback is they seem a tad pricey for what they are but I really like the product so I am willing to cough up the money for them. I'd give them 5 stars if they price was a bit lower.
Very strong smell. Even with a window and a door open and the fan on it makes it difficult to stand without covering my nose.
These are ok; I mean, they hold stuff, which is the point. Nothing keeps the sides standing up other than fabric stiffness, and putting more stuff in there will help them out a little, but they look pretty slouchy. Probably best for clothing and linens, not the office products I use them for.
Bought this for my teenage son's dresser to go along with a leather valet and it is very nice.
Recently broke my foot and needed to raise my leg while sleeping. Pillows worked, but would move around too much requiring me to fix a lot. This pillow is more convenient and very comfortable. My leg is short, and the angle is a bit steep, but still more comfortable than the pillows.
These are really quite lovely, and we have them bunched with other fake candles in our fireplace. Fortunately, the remote for the other candles also works for these three, so we don't have to juggle extras ;-) On the "candle" setting there is a small click as the "flame" hits the side, but it's not enough to bother us. I hope they last and work for a long time!
Love the softness of these sheets. The fit is a little loose, but OK. Most seams are single-stitched so I wonder how long they will last. The price was right.
It's a birthday gift for my wife and she loves it.
Comes in individual letters. Really cute but you have to be veryyyyy patient good at things like this so it's straight when you put it up
It was a Xmas gift for my daughter. She loves it. Is pleased with the softness and the color.j
Just enough height to make use of space under bed for quilts and other flat items
Works great. It does make some decent cells. But not like I want. Also, it does leave residue which I have to wipe down every painting I use this oil on.
Really great and cozy blanket, exactly what I was looking for. The color was disappointing, it definitely is not white or even cream, closer to tan or light brown for the mud cloth option. Very warm too.
Good product. Use them often, but white gel pen sucks
It was easy to install and looked good with my furniture. Have not used it long Enough to say if it is easy to clean or not.
Arrived broken. Returned.
Its a good set, but there should be a bit more instruction for beginners.
It is the perfect size for our small space by the sink. Not the best for drying glasses and mugs
I've had one of these for years. Weather finally took its toll, & I've replaced with another.. I have several now.
So easy to put together. Fits exactly how i Needed it.
I really do like these my only thing is they are more grayish. I thought they were going be more a neutral color.
I was surprised at how well these work. They could be a bit damper, but then maybe they wouldn't work as well. It did take three to clean my screen door, but that thing was gnarly man.
I ordered these for our wall mounted literature displays. They keep the media from bending over and are transparent, so you can easily view what is in each slot. They arrived well packaged with no scratches.
Burns quickly after one use
These are good quality earbuds. They look cool and sound good. They hold a charge and stay in my ears when I'm exercising.
The rod does exactly what I wanted it to do, that is give me more rom in the shower...but. it was a real P I A to install. That is the reason I did not give it 5 stars.
Bought this as a gift and they loved it! However the material is sooooooooo thin, it may be better for decoration than to keep a baby warm.
Soft and great design. My kid loved it!! I'd give a 5 stars if I got it well, but it arrived damaged.. The hat won't attach to the blanket because the button is broken. Gladly my kid still likes the hat and the blanket, so he uses them separately..
Good quality for the price
Good product with a very high price tag.
had problem. seller responded.
I got good results with this PBN but it took some time and patience. Don't try this without a fine tipped brush and a magnifying glass! I gave it 4 stars because it didn't include the fine tipped brush and it was on a mat rather than a canvas.
the compartments on this hanging organizer are great. i have been able to put more than one smaller purse into each section. and it holds some of my bigger tote bags as well. the only problem i have is that the hanged it comes with has started to bend. my purses are empty but they are leather and when all 10 purses are hanging there day after day in this organizer it seems to put a lot of strain on the hanger. its bending and idk if it might break one day, then i am not sure what i will do. other than that, its good and serves its function to hold my bags and help make space in my closet.
This is a great and very portable fan! 3 speeds and a battery that lasts quite a while. It can point in virtually any angle you need it to. My only complaint... and it's a small one is that once on you can't simply hold the button to turn it off, you have to cycle through every speed every time.
Serious room darkening. I bought to keep out the winter draft and they work well.
I used this product to get a dark blue (from jeans) stain out of a light blue and white striped dress shirt. The stain didn't come completely out but to be fair, I probably didn't leave the shirt in long enough. One note of caution: I dissolved the dye remover in hot water & then added the shirt. The shirt TURNED COMPLETELY PINK! I freaked out and assumed the shirt was ruined. HOWEVER, once I rinsed the shirt out, it turned back to the original blue and white stripe. So it was some kind of temporary chemical reaction. If I had known I would have left the shirt in the dye remover & hot water longer and maybe the stain would have come completely out. I didn't notice anyone else with this issue so just be aware!
Serves well as a portable sketch support. A couple bands like large rubber bands or certain hair bands) helps keep paper in place. Works okay for it's intended purpose as a simple "light box." Light coming from both sides would make it much more effective. The bright end makes for a fair viewer of transparencies, like slides. Bright enough, for at least half its width, to facilitate tracing using highly translucent materials like tracing paper. I wanted it to use like a small drawing board or glorified clipboard (without the evil clip), and it does those things well. Thin and lightweight, with all benefits and shortcomings of that. I wouldn't call it durable.
I have only used a small portion on a blend I make. As a certified Master aromatherapist, I am super particular of what I buy. I will absolutely buy again! The process from start to finish was great to include follow up from owner
Great color; perfect size. My box sits on a fairly high dresser. Here's where the mirror in the lid comes in handy. By angling it, I can see the contents clearly and make my selection without having to move the entire box to a lower level.
Cute little favors for 9 year olds!
These say permanent but that really isnt the case. I made a decal for my phone case and after a couple days the decal was coming off
thread was pretty nervous and it works very well.
This is the perfect size and made very well. It just takes a long time to actually hold a shape after unpacking. It does not stand up as shown which is to be expected with it being packed for shipped. It's very thick and durable and true to color.
Nice softness & absorbency I just wish they were a little bigger.
I wanted to let the buyers know to wash these towels by themselves at least 3 times before using. When I first washed the 4 towels by themselves, they produced a lot of lint. The lint filter in the dryer was covered in white fluff after the first wash. I carried the freshly washed towel after the first wash to the pool and the lint got all over my bathing suit on the way to the pool. I washed the towel for the second time with other things and the lint got all over everything in the wash. I finally used the towel after two washes and the lint did not get all over me on the way to the pool. After two washes, the towel was good. Not heavy or thick or extra large, but I appreciated the thin and lightness of the towel as the towel gets heavier as it soaks up water from wet bathing suits.
In the past they were old burned fast and gave off little peat .. much better this time
Great set of swaddle blanket. Keep the baby warm and tight.
These clothes hangers are your normal typical clothes hangers. They're fairly sturdy and does well holding up a t-shirt, light jacket, or light blouse. I had to use two hangers at once to hang a heavy winter coat. And also used two hangers to hang a pair of jeans thru the center.
Bought as a Christmas gift. Arrived on time. Color just as pictured. Say they love it and it keeps their drink nice and cold. Have yet to try hot beverage. But ive no doubt itll work as advertised
they work well and hold quite a bit, we like them
Works great and easy to move around for different tasks
I liked the unique design of this dryer rack. Takes little space when folded and is very useful when unfolded. I actually made a measurement of total bar length you can hang clothes and compared with the traditional design. Although the price is the same, this one provided a longer length for use. I took one star of because the net below didn't carry clothes well. It came of when put some clothes. However, you can easily put it back. In overall I recommend.
Put it in my bathroom in front of shower
I had difficulty cutting with exacto knife. Edge too jagged. Had to discard part of roll.
made in high quality but it didn't come not brand new. Seems like someone has opened it.
I was looking for a way to organize my drawer and this looked perfect. My girlfriend and I share a cupboard space and these dividers are do the best job of keeping our underwear and socks nice and separated. Its easily adjustable and looks pretty nice too.
These are fine quality sheets for the price point. Very comfortable and almost silky to the touch. My only issue was a quality control problem with one of the pillowcases. It had a strange almost errant stitching going across one side. I reached out to customer service to see if they could just replace the single pillowcase and was offered a partial refund instead. They were very quick and courteous, but it's a shame I have to now always face the bad side of the pillowcase against the wall. I recommend the product. Just be sure to inspect it upon opening.
i love the jewelry box! i would love it more if it had 1 more tray for bracelets or bigger earrings! I'm thing about buying another one
Not bad, I expected better quality though.
It's clear, not thick enough, but good for the price
The height was perfect.
It is a nice picture for the price.
Great curtains for our baby's room- color was more olive than I thought. But, it blocks out sunlight and keeps the room cooler.
Had a small spot at the bottom of the lettering that didn't make sense. Other than that my dad loved it for Father's Day and thought it was hilarious.
This was the easiest bed skirt I have ever had. It slips around the box spring beautifully. It will be so easy to launder in the future. The fabric is soft. The sheering isn't as full as shown in the photo but the color was right on.
Nice pillow mid to full stuffing.
The sheets are incredibly soft against the skin. I am delighted with this purchase.
A little disappointed. The cover had dirty finger prints on and it looked like it been stepped on. Thankfully, the paper was OK. I didn't want the hassle of returning it. I will go the art store when I need more paper. :/ Looking forward to trying it out.
Have not used it yet
This tung oil is the real deal and it doesn't take much. With the type of wood I was working with I thinned a small amt of 40% tung oil to 60% mineral spirits and hand rubbed it in for the first couple of coats (5 coats total). Make sure to check on the wood 30-60 minutes later and wipe off any appearance of excess oil that didn't soak into the wood. The end finish looks fantastic!
Love the price, product feels flimsy but it worked ok in the washing machine. Not sure how long the securement clips will last and a little awkward but ok. It would probably work better in the dishwasher, but I have never washed more than one cap at a time and never in the dishwasher. Overall a decent product.
I used this to hang wedding keepsakes. I like that I can put irregularly sized things on it, like my brooch bouquet, and it has some flexibility. I was not sure how to assemble as it did not have instructions and that is why I gave 4 stars. The quality and appearance are great.
I have an old adobe house with a configuration which does not lend itself to wiring for a doorbell. This suits the period of the house and fulfills my need to be advised of company.
The item was as advertised and arrived promptly. However is was shipped in an oversized box which got wet and soaked through. Still useable.
Took a while to assemble but not difficult at all. Not the the highest end or most fashionable but it going to work great, ordered a second one already.
This arrived in a nice gift box and was a hit with my daughter. We couldn't get the incense to flow quite like shown in the picture, but overall very pleased
Nice but not great for a cigar
Bought for my 13 year old son... about 6 had marijuana pic which i wasnt letting him have.
Very handy. Easy to use. The lid keeps your beads separated IF you make sure it's on all the way. It's very easy to think it's on but loose enough the beads can move around.
The blanket does keep you cool and it really does help you to get a good nights rest.
Compact when storing, swivel head , easy under couch cleaning . Detaches for easy handheld cleaning. Only negative is it doesn't stand on its own in vacuuming position.
Noticeable difference / I can feel the cover. Kinda crinkly. Otherwise, does what it's supposed to as far as I know.
Came with a chip in the glass 🙄
A little tight for a large hand. Works well so far.
I used it for cutting bulb to create flower vase. It works pretty well.
this pillow works for me very well
Light weight and easy to hold. The labels are great for easy accessibility
This cover looks great on my new recliner chair! Almost perfect, it fits well but it would have been if it stitched together instead it was glued.
I wasn't taught sewing so I got this as a "learn to use" and I am glad I got it. I also bought it to sew my bfs work pants as they continue to fall apart! The instructions were hard to understand so I googled a "how to" mini sewing machine video and that was helpful.
Received one broken bulb. Request free replacement. If all of the bulbs were in perfect working order you would have received 5 stars. Edwin Tucker
This is a nice kit that comes with 3 different sized needles, 3 holders and 6 finger pads. The needles work great though I would recommend wiping them down when they arrive since they have some type of machine oil that should be wiped off before use.
Work perfectly, now my pins will not come off my uniform!
Easy to clean compared to other mouthwash dispenser. I wish the top was a twist off because the top comes off after a few pumps.
Works well for the price, expected the drawer to slide better!
Havent washed these yet. But so far so good
These boxes are very nice. The look exactly like the picture I just expected them to be bigger. They are not 2 in more like 1.5 but for the money they are worth every penny. I bought these to put smore makings in for each guest but now I will have to go with butter mints. But it does look like the picture and fast shipping.
This is a nice trashcan and functions well. But it is too small for the bathroom, or to hold a plastic grocery bag for trash. It would make a nice trashcan for an office or near a desk.
This is a nice "duvet" I hate duvets. I think they are a rip off. BUT.....rather had a comforter but they do not sell comforters in that type of cover any longer. Why? Because they get more money that way. It would be n ice if someone actually sold comforters anywhere.
I wish this was more affordable. If it was, I'd buy it more often. Way too expensive for what it is.
This is a great necklace holder and bracelets. This product would be better for the smaller necklaces or a child's necklace holder. I wish it was taller but it is really cute so I kept it.
I thought it would be heavy metal. It's metal and plastic. It's alright fir the price but I would not recommend hanging too many clothes on the hanging rack.
Not a bad product. Not as fluffy as I hoped but worth the proce.
Was not as effective as I hoped with reversing material smaller than an inch. I was able to eventually pull the material through, but the pointy end poked a hole in the small scarf. Overall I am happy with it for the price.
Taking a star off for the price for this item
perfect for the pool or the beach.
Small spinning brushes did not fit screw were wrong size and they kept coming off.....be careful of different companies others than iRobot.
Good product. Be sure to use flat surface and not too over use on sweaters. But it does the job.
Item was as advertised and arrived in a timely manner. Thanks!
This product is excellent. It's reflective properties are astounding and it's really easy to work with. I will be purchasing more! The only reason it wasn't given 5 stars is because it is very very sensitive to low heat drying. Definitely needs to be hung dry and simply air fluffed in dryer.
I love the diamond picture. Some of the symbols are really hard to make out( an example is a white symbol on a light gray background). There are 3 different ones in this picture. I am having to use a magnifying glass. Plus all the colors are really close in color. It is going to be spectacular..I was short some beads in one color and the seller was very quick to respond.
Works great so far. Doesn't seem to move as much air as my last 12k BTU one did but it is a lot quieter too. If you use the constant drain method during cooling, be prepared to empty the bucket a lot! We have more than half filled a 5 gallon bucket in less than 10 hours!
I love this frame. I have a Victorian house and was looking for something to fit the decor. It is made of a composite so isn't superior quality but it looks great. I will be ordering another 4x6 and a 5x7 to complete the look.
Only problem is one of the ceramic inserts arrived with an indent on it that doesn't belong. Not going to return because too much hassle. They're really cute and look as expected.
Wish they made one for the larger tissue box as these little boxes run out quickly. The holder itself has a nice finish and does take less counter space. I have since found other products locally at a Bed, Bath & Beyond which are heavier and less prone to lifting when pulling a tissue. Finished nicely matches brushed nickel bath hardware. I do like the "soft" edges.
I've had these for a few weeks now. I've washed them a few times and they are very soft. I will say I have a 12” mattress and the fitted sheet is a bit loose after the first night. I will buy these again.
My side is always on. Smooth, velvety, I luv it. Good shipping.
Super well made and beautiful. Nice color and feel to it. It's not too big, but it makes a good presence in a room. It comes with a magnifier and a scratcher, so you don't have to do anything but put it on your wall and travel some more.
everthing was fine--packaging could be better one piece was sticking out of box
I was surprised how easy this mattress was to inflate We're working on furnishing a second home and this has been worth every penny.
Best vacuum ever! Light weight, maneuverable, quick charge. Only problem, how do I find replacement/backup HEPA filters. I'd hate to toss this if the filter ever gave out.
The pillow material is a little rougher than expected. I used these as throw pillows and stuffed them , instead of as covers (my pillows were too large to fit). They have held up well and look nice.
its nothing special, but they do look nice and glossy. Its not a sticker like I thought so I had to use command strips to hang them up.
I didn't notice this is stick on tp holder not a screw into the wall one. It looks a little cheap but over all I like it.
There nice But I would not buy again
Seems nice and sturdy so far
Daughter is enjoying this advent. A new squishy every day. Great idea.
At first the plug did not fit into the socket but with a little nudge it went in. bags filled easily and quickly
This came slightly darker than the picture but still pretty and everything else is just as pictured EXCEPT they show 4 shams but it only comes with two Quality is good
Red orange. Stated red. Was expecting a blue tone red (fire engine red)
I have to echo what is stated in many of the other reviews. The magnifier is of good quality, and does what it's supposed to do. The lens itself is free of distortion. The bag and cloth are nice touches. But, it's fortunate that those l.e.d. lights can be covered up with a piece of black electrical tape. It's good to have illumination on the page when needed, and I do appreciate them, along with the switch, but the angle is surely a design flaw. Also, it's good to have the handle, but for me, I can't say that it's all that ergonomically friendly. Those two issues are not deal-breakers, though, and all in all, I'm happy with this magnifier.
It's not the softest and shrunk when washed but it fit good enough and is light weight and perfect for the summer nights!
The rugs look and feel great - and the color is just what I wanted - however I couldn't find any washing instructions on the product, in the shipping materials or even online
Not as comfortable as I had hoped for, and a bit heavy in my carry on bag. They were easy to inflate and deflate though.
Liked the dustpan. Broom should have been little longer but still it is good
It came exactly as we expected it to be. But not as sturdy as expected unless it is wall mounted
Somewhat difficult to put together but worked well for what we needed
This would have woked better if the beads didn't slide under the separators so for me this didn't work well fast delivery
Definitely a must have adds great dimension to any craft projects. I would recommend if using for card making just use it on really wet ink it will fly off with a heat gun if the ink is even lightly dried.
This little wreath is okay, however I would have liked a little thicker coverage on it. You can easily see the plastic donut under the leaves. Other than that, it's not bad.
These work! New favorite!I might cut one in half to make it a little easier to handle. Other than that definitely a great buy.
works fine; doesn't feel very strong; material feels a bit on the thin side. store in car to hang jackets when necessary.
These work pretty good, I have several Kohler toilets thats tend to build up some algae in the tanks after some time so I bought these to kill the bacteria. They seem to work ok. The do not last a long time (several weeks) with 5-10 flushes per day roughly and relatively cheap compared to what you can buy in the store.
The colors are so pretty! Love it!
I like the quality of the comforter, like the thickness. It said it was a king size, but it was a little short, but I made it work because of it being so inexpensive.
tite package for good storage after xmas purchase for next year appears great for a 4 footer
I order this pillow based on the comments in the reviewer feedback. People said it was good for side and tummy sleepers, which I am. Right out of the bow the pillow is puffy, no smells. I did not "fluff" it as it already looked too big for me. I slept on it one night. I woke up on my back with a headache. It's not possible to sleep on my stomach with this - I would suffocate. It seems like a well-made pillow. It just didn't work for me. I returned it.
Like the picture, It is a good size. However, There is an odd totem on the right outer edge of the picture. Not sure what it is there for.
I put 2 of these in my pantry for bottles/sauces and baking goods. They really help condense and organize, so you can see what you have
A little wobbly but good price and easy to put up and down.
Nicer pillow cases but too big for pillow. So returned them. Price was very reasonable too.
I ordered a previous one, different theme and it was so much BRIGHTER than this one. I will gift this one and reorder the other bright one for myself.
Brightens up the room, which was the goal
Exactly as described I love it have no complaints. 3 settings bright brighter and brightest! Its fantastic. Best thing I've bought in a while.
Christ fell off from one of the rosaries soon as we took it out of pouch. Other than that everything was fine
Lots of detail in the small stamps. Perfect for vintage images.
It's a great organizer, the only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is that the hooks are too big to easily put necklaces on adjacent hooks, and then easily take them out.
WHen I first got this I had misread the title and thought I was getting a thin goose down comforter. I was a little bummed, but that was the only part. SO far I love my comforter, but the wear and tear in a year or two will tell how durable she really is. Great buy for the price, and soft.
I mixed it was coconut oil
These cushions are very plush and comfortable. They seem well made and look great. My only problem is, that even though the measurements are the same as the cushions I was replacing, the fit of these cushions is a bit too tall for my chairs. My old cushions had ties (on the sides of the back cushions) about 4 inches below the very top of the cushion, so the top of the cushion could go slightly above the chair backs. These cushions have the ties on the very top corners of the back cushion, requiring me to "scrunch" the cushion down in order to tie them down. I like the cushions enough to keep them and am hopeful that as we continue to use them, they will conform better to the chairs.
This is a decent product. However, the ties easily slip off it, which is frustrating. But, it holds several ties so I guess it is good enough.
Used this for a dinner party . They looked cute and worked well
Pretty but had to return them because they weren't the steel blue I was looking for. I have these in red and are great quality!
Such a great mirror! It was very easy to mount, though mine didn't come with any hardware (taking off a star for that). It looks great in my guest room, and I've received several compliments on it. Also very easy to clean and the glass isn't warped like some other mirrors I've bought.
I was needing a picture of the different chords to improve my practice. This chart fits the bill.
Like the beautiful bottle and cinch sack it came in. Great essential oils used mild scent.
This is a perfect fit for an office, if it had the adapter included, it would have been 5 stars. A simple push of the button, advances the candle flames, no tuning te bulbs to light them!
This item was good enough for my kids. The problem is that, whoever delivered this item was not careful. The metals were bent and I had to fix them. Or try to fix them.
These work well, but the thin straps are challenging to sew on garment.
Sturdy and neat wine rack
As expected, Thank You
This is a gorgeous shower curtain! The only reason I didn't give it a 5th star, is because I don't know how well it will stand the test of time. It seems delicate, definitely not for a child's bathroom. There's been a couple loose threads, which were easily cut off, but it could begin to unravel at a later time.
Little expensive but still a very cool idea for a loved one
Whole thing made from plastic so I'm not sure how long it will last. Feels low quality as if pieces will snap at any time. Parts don't fit well together but it gets the job done of keeping hair out of drain.
Looks like a fit for the new Kirby
Exactly like the picture so convenient to have all your things together while relaxing in the tub
Yarn is great but they sent me the wrong color.
Everything as stated
Works well for the price. Not the best but by far not the worse. Worth what you pay for.
First of all, it's black. The picture makes it look grey or silver but it's black. It's noisier than my last usb fan, but it's bigger and moves more air. Not very quiet, just sounds like a fan blowing.
I'm disabled on a good day, live alone, and recently broke my ankle (among other junk this year, adding to limited mobility). I have been camped out in my bedroom, as it's closer to the bathroom. The table came in a box, completely in pieces, but it's not hard to assemble. There are 8 screws that need to be secured, and the Allen wrench is included. It's perfect for my laptop, and the pockets are great for remotes, my address book, some lotion, etc. I wouldn't lean on this table, but for bedside convenience, it's a good piece. AND, very little of that pesky, cheap, breakable styrofoam that Chinese products seem to breed in shipping boxes. If you plan to use the gizmo pockets, be sure to put them on the round rod first ! I also have mine facing inward, to discourage my puppy and older dog from getting their noses into my stuff. If I can assemble this, any gimp could get it done as long as hands work reasonably well (I have mild arthritis- and still got the Allen wrench spinning.
The cards are noticeably cheap but they do the job
Looks nice enough. The latch where it opens sticks... Hard to open without using both hands.
I love the design of this duvet. I have a king-sized duvet insert and duvet (I should have bought a queen to make the duvet insert look more fluffy). The clean white design gives your bed a very sophisticated look. There was no pilling or embroidery mistakes. My only complaint is that I think the pattern is a bit off; I feel that the square does not fit quite as centered and nicely on the bed that it could. Perhaps I just need to make my bed a bit more even? Anyways, I am pleased with this purchase and would purchase again considering the design is on point and the price is very affordable.
Some pins are not as strongly attached as others are.
I used it for a pillow. I didn't realize it was just a cover.
We love unicorn things, so when I saw what a great deal this was for the banner and the cupcake toppers, I was so excited! They're as cute as they look in the picture.
Dresses up the dinning room.. going to get more!
Ordered a pair. Once I got my hands on them, I ordered a few more pairs. My only real complaint would be the grooves cut in them. They are truly unnecessary. The silicone material is pleasant to touch, while still providing plenary if grip in the fingers. The grooves are overkill and take away from the experience for me. Seller should strongly consider making an optional version without any grooves cut into the grips. If they did, I'd buy several more instantly. The thinner of the two is my favorite. It's very similar to the grip of the Wacom pen I spent years using.
The quality is good, but the colors are a bit brighter in person than the picture. I like how light it is. We use it without a blanket in the summer and use a comforter in the winter.
Just what i expected, not cheap or flimsy. I like the double barbs, will work great to keep the critters off my roof.
Love the softness of these sheets! Color is great.
Worked great easy to clean up!
Think of these as a bit of DIY. They're metal rods stamped into square cutting edges. That part is done for you. Want a sharp edge? DIY. Want smooth handles? DIY. Want them to stay sharp? DIY. I'm happy to DIY the details because they're so inexpensive. I knew what I was buying and got exactly that.
Represented as cotton and is poly Represented to pad your mattress and does not
Beautiful vibrant colors, great material. My only issue is it's missing two holes at the top that fit a standard liner, and hooks.
Works well. Prompt shipping. Good value
This is a bottom fill not a top fill you have to take it apart take it to the sink to fill This is a bad design and makes it a pain in the ass to fill
Beautiful and extremely comfortable. Came shrink wrapped...so I immediately washed and dried it and it is perfect!
The boxes are fine but I am giving it a 4 because one was broken. I can still use it but it is disappointing. I would've returned the whole lot but I needed them immediately.
I use this for making terrain for table top games. Works great for that but the price is a little high. Depending on your region you can find this at most hardware stores for a fourth of the price. I just do not have it in the right thickness in my area so I purchase here. If you are in the same situation though this is the best source I have found for it.
I did not like the items what was meant to hang it up... the pins never stayed in the wall. The tapestry I'm obsessed with. I just love it.
I bought this pillow wanting a good neck support pillow. This is good, but a little too thin for me. The shape and all is good, but I would have liked it a little bigger and thicker. I see this seems to be promoted towards women and I am kind of a big guy, so maybe it would be enough for them. I ended up buying the Indulgence side sleeper pillow that is much thicker and gives more neck support.
It works well until it finds a carpet. It tends not to go on it or get hung upon it.. On hard wood it does very good also. It often has problems making a transition from hardwood to carpet floors.
It works like charm. I would rate it 5 stars if it runs quieter.
Love it with one footnote. I put it through the dishwasher to clean it, and something about the ability of the suction cup to stick on the wall of the sink failed. Haven't figured out a fix. Aside from that, it gets 100%.
For me at the least the item came really fast in one day. The hanger holds up my clothes nice without having to worry about my clothes slipping off the hangers. I️ just don't like how I️t takes a bit longer to put the hanger through the clothes and taking I️t out.
They tend to stretch after sleeping on them, which causes wrinkles for you to sleep on.
This is a quality made stainless less curved awl. They could've made the plastic handle longer, possibly as long as the handle on their seam ripper which is almost an inch longer I believe, for greater control.
These liners are a bit thinner than I had hoped, but they're super easy to cut/size and install so you can tailor them to you shelf or bin dimensions easily. Since installing them I have had several vegetables in my veggie bin for a few days and everything looks as it did the day I put them in there. If this product holds up, I will be particularly pleased with it hopefully extending the life of ripe avocados. I was admittedly skeptical about this purchase and honestly fought the desire to double these up when installing them. All in all, I am pleased with this product/purchase, thrilled for saving good food and would recommend these liners to friends and family at this point. Solid A for Good Value.
I only needed one very short extension (my old one broke), but this set was less expensive than buying the sole one I needed. I now have five redundant extensions. Craftsman tools have always lasted well in my shop, so I'm confident that I'll get plenty of miles out of these (especially the ones I didn't need). Four stars for now. If I don't manage to break this new shorty, I'll bump up to five stars. If I do, I'll drop to three.
Fit great under my desk. Doublesided tape is strong. The drawers do seem to get hung up on the pens inside though sometimes.
Proceed to checkout? Yes I originally bought this because I suddenly had neck pain where I couldn't even turn my head. Yeah unfortunate for everyone else on the road when that was going on. The pillow is comfortable and designed for back sleepers or side sleepers. I don't really know if it kills neck pain but regardless it's still a comfy pillow.
I like it fits perfectly on my dining chair.
Works great, but the holder will not secure the unit very well. I use it in my golf chart.
I bought these to make trolls hair for my daughter's party. Arrives very quickly and for the price it was a great buy!
Ideal for my bedroom
Hoping the plastic hanger holds up! Other than than it was what I expected
Great item. Price is right! Just exactly what I needed!!! Super cute
The wedge height was good. You are able too sleep on your back or side. Only thing that would be better is if it would fold down and be more compact for traveling.
Great buy for the money; they wash well, no pilling. I give 4/5 because I prefer a lighter, cooler bedding material, but these are great for the extra pillows I add to all the beds in my house.
I've washed these 5 or 6 times now and they've held up well. Pattern is pretty, though it is only on side. These little guys saved my couch cushions and made my whole living room look new and fresh for only a few dollars.
Not quite easy to work! Though after I figured it out, it was ok.
I bought the red ones. I love the color and patterns. I bought them for a splash of color in my newly redone laundry room/bathroom, so I haven't actually checked them for absorbency. That's why I'm giving them 4, the fabric doesn't appear to be very absorbent. So 4/5 for stated purpose, 5/5 for my purposes.
I am mostly pleased with the pillow. I do wish it had aome kind of strap..I do not feel it says where it should throughout the night. I didnt order one with a strap cause i didnt think I would like it...maybe a removable strap for thise whi want it and those who dont.
I really liked this set. I would say the only draw back is that knitting stoppers don't stay on them well so you need to watch that.
The heater does warm up the air. But it does make a lot of noise. Like the fan is off center. Doesn't get quite until it has been running for 30 to 40 mins
My son absolutely loves these sheets! He sleeps in them every night, and they are extremely comfortable
Easy to setup and easy to read.
Once i got through my learning curve this resin has really worked well and i will be ordering it again.
Nice for organizing files but the edges are sharp. You could easily cut yourself or scratch furniture if you're not careful.
Very nice and durable cake topper.
need to be a little bit bigger on the top sheet
Sturdy design, and inexpensive. However, the enclosed hardware isn't real good and won't last. Even supplying my own hardware you can't really fasten the unit to the wall in a neat and secure way so that it will hold for very long.
It's a little noisier than our previous units but did pump out the cold air.
We like these towels, but was a bit disappointed in the thinness of the material, that is why I gave it a 4 star. I did wash them before using them, and they held up good, except for shrinking 2 inches from the bottom. Otherwise, I was pleased with these towels.
Just got them in so can't say how durable they are but I can say they shipped fast and the color is true to the pic.
Two of my pipes came broken.
Works great for a short period of time, but how long do you want to be vacuuming anyway?! Not yellow, not even close, but a true orange. Parts cold be sturdier, but you get. LOT of parts for different surfaces. Easily recommend for a small place for serious cleaning.
Works wonderfully however I wish it came in a different container. I spilled nearly half of it trying to align the lid properly to screw it on. Glue works great though.
Received quickly seems to be good quality
They arrived quickly and look beautiful. I was disappointed that they are not as heavyweight/thick as the kind we had when I was a child in the 1960's. I still have some terrycloth Dish Cloths and Dish Towels from then, and there are many more of the little loops that make it more soft and absorbent. I hope you'll continue making and selling these items. I just hope you try to make them a little higher quality.
When we redid our bathroom the old white rugs we had just got lost. We needed a bright pop of color and a solid product. I love the feel of chenille. So this one was a sure experiment to see if it would suit our purpose. We bought ordered one (44 x 26) just to get an idea of the color. And it was beautiful. Yes it is a luxurious dark red. On the white tile it is certainly an accent color! The little chenille nubs are not so long as to catch on your toes after a shower. They are soft and don't mush down and stay there when you walk on it. The rug is absorbent just as advertised. It's not as padded as my last rug. But not thin by any means. I do wish it really stayed in place when you put it down. Now don't get me wrong, it doesn't shoot out from under your feet like a rug with no backing at all. But it does move some with all the walking we do on it daily. Not much but enough I should mention it. We liked it so much we bought another for the tub area. So I'd say overall we are impressed!
I like that the elastic holds the fitted sheet on. Nice weight to them, however I thought they could be softer.
Kind of cheap looking - they don't exactly look like vintage mercury glass but for the price they were fine as far as a small votive goes
Nothing wrong with the tools. I did a search for mini sculpture tools. these popped up. They are much bigger than I needed. It's a shame there wasn't something in the picture for size reference.
One of the pillow cases that I received had the sequins sewn on backwards. Once I shipped out the package to be returned, a new one arrived promptly in the mail.
So far, this item looks to have been a good move. Thanks
I was under the impression this was an actual pillow, but it was just a case. Had to buy the pillow separate. Still bright pretty pink in color. Soft and doesn't shed.
My son liked them....put on his wall in bedroom
I'll start by saying that I really like this pillow. It's super soft and I love that you can adjust the density by removing or adding the stuffing. HOWEVER, it is advertised as memory foam, which it definitely is not. If you press your hand or head into the pillow it will not retain that shape- it recovers to its original shape immediately. Overall, a really comfy pillow but disappointed by the false advertising.
Stones were nice but I needed them to be a little smaller for my project.
nice quality, and very soft.
Serves its purpose and looks cute. don't pick it up full of wood though because the handle bends down so basically all the the wood will tip onto your feet if you aren't careful. It's just for decorative purposes to set the wood on.
Fits my mattress perfectly. Very nice quality. So happy with this purchase.
Very pretty! My only complaint is that the white around the edge is too narrow to wrap around canvas
The pad is great so far. When I opened it it was vaccine packed so it immediately expanded when I opened it. Very plush and comfy. Unfortunately it isn't enough to fix the issue I was trying to fix. I bought a mattress that is too firm for my daughter. She is used to memory foam. I knew it was a long shot but I do love this pad. It is thick and nice. I'd like to have it on every mattress I own. Unfortunately it had a couple of small brown stains like something fell on before packing then was vaccume sealed which stained it. I'm gonna use it anyway. It will be covered. I just need to buy a more plush mattress to go with it now. I took one star off for the stain not the quality of the pad because it's great. Don't expect it to be a memory foam or bed like topper and change the complete feel of your mattress. It just ads an extra layer of comfort. I cannot speak for durability and cleaning yet.
They are really cute and a little fun to the decor. They are a little awkward when hanging but I still like them a lot. Recommend them highly.
Bought the rack and was pleased with it, But, know that you need to secure it to the door. Whenever my door opened or closed, the rack would move and my shoes would fall off. Other than that, I am very happy with the rack.
Its a good fan. The only problem i have with it ia the power button. It has to be pushed hard to turn on and this causes the fan to move. I have to hold onto the fan while pushing the power button. Strange. Needs improvement.
I love the couch cushion covers they match very well and are very soft. These will work perfect! I only had one with a small issue it looks like marker on it or something but I don't have time to return and wait for another one so I just used it and tucked the bad parts.
A little smaller that I hoped but they are great !
Order has arrived but it came late. According to the Amazon website there was a problem with the order but no explanation was given. It turned out the order had been delivered but was not updated in the system.
Sturdy shelves and constructed well.
I look forward to creating with this product!
This is a very pretty item and looks nice on my sink compared to the plastic hand soap bottles. The pump took a lot of priming to get going and really does not pump out as much soap as I would like in one pump but sometimes fashion trumps function. I am actually thinking of buying a few more!
I am so angry that I didn't buy one of these for my first two pregnancies! This is the smartest purchase I have ever made! You can put the flat part of it between your legs, put your leg up over the long part and lay on the flat part, use the small straight zip on part to hold your laptop up in bed, prop in a stack behind you to read... so many options and I don't know how I slept without it. Had to fight my husband a little the first day because he wouldn't give it back! Haha. Would definitely recommend. Only problem I have is the stuffing moving down to the ends but fluffing should stop that.
They are not 100% wrinkle free, but they are soft. Gor the tread count a bit cheap my dog put a whole in one of the sheets first time using them.
Can't comment. These bowls are a Christmas gift. But the service was exceptional.
Wish they were a little heavier. But they are great for my daughter's book collection.
Very sturdy, looks classier then cheaper variants
I would give this mat 5 stars for the Silhouette Cameo machine, the color of the mat makes it easy to line up to load into the machine. Its all that MK says it is. But I gave it 4 stars because its not "wide" enough to go into my Cricut Explore Air 2 mat guides. I was disappointed but I love having 3 new mats for my Silhouette Cameo and would buy them for Silhouette again.
Perfect for removing leaves off my decomposed granite mulch.
Bought it for my grown daughter for Christmas. So far she loves it. Bought 12 lb size as she is petite. Love that this size is available by Quilty.
(Dark brown set) I washed them immediately when I received them. There was no lint in my washer, and after drying all 6 pieces together, there was no more lint than a load of towels I normally do. There were no raveled edges or strings. I suppose time will tell if they hold up after numerous washing/drying. They are not flimsy, in my opinion, and fairly soft. I'm pleased so far.
I found this clock very, very cute and easy to read, but it has no snooze alarm. So I had to return it, because I'm that girl who dozes back to sleep all the time. Other than that, a very sharp-looking clock ~ I love its cute feet, and it looked great on the antique night stand
Very cute, nice quality wreath. Only wish is that for the price, could do with looking slightly more realistic
Everything about duvet is great but the pillowcases - most pillows have stripes or a pattern - the cases are super thin and can see thru- pillow protector covers over pillows solved that but still - the duvet washed up nicely and has great duvet holders and super soft
have not put up yet but nice
I haven't had any issues with this item.
It's very light weight storage bag.Large storage bag.This storage bag is foldable.Lot of space for blankets and towels.
They are really for winter, but really warm. Very soft.
Works well in the bathroom on our boat to get rid of that stale water smell.
I purchased these to accent a coastal themed Christmas tree. They look great and arrived without any damage. Love the postal tinting. Size was larger and heavier than expected but still work for my project. The starfish smelled a bit when unpackaged but I left outside for the day and now they're fine. Happy with purchase.
Good but very small. Only the cover fits s perfectly
Great picture, but I do feel that the brackets should have came with the picture on them.
It's nice, a little bit difficult to install
This unicorn blanket is just perfect to cuddle up with and it's lightweight and sooooooo pretty. I just wish it was sewn in more places than just the edges to the furry side.
This smells amazing, we get compliments every time we have it going. It also lasts forever. That said, if you let it burn too long, the amount of perfume smell is overpowering; it almost feels hard to breathe. I find it best using it for a little while and then blowing it out. The scent lingers for a long time.
Beautiful curtains , darkens the room fairly and have a great looking pattern . Great product for that price .
Just got today...totally excited until I found the glaring blue ink spots and what appears to be dust or brown dirt on the pure white drape. Will exchange but greatly disappointed. Will update if happens again. Update:Replacement was perfect. Well made and snowy white. Return was a nightmare as there are no UPS stores here but they finally sent a truck to us.
Huge hanging rack that holds all of my air dry clothes, the only reason that I didnt give it 5 stars is that some of the poles disconnect and I have to put them back in. I have pressed them together as much as possible and it happens every so often.
Easy installation, strong suction cups, and durable racks and metal. Well eventually begin to lightly rust but what can you expect from a metal item in a shower
Lovely table setting for the holidays, but after the first washing, some of the color faded as if it was 20 years old. That was disappointing.
Nice but a little high priced
Might be my mistake -- but I thought there would be a way to seal the ends; it's essentially a giant, durable trash bag. You'll need to seal the end of the bag with tape.
I had one of these for several years and loved it during the winter. I had to replace it when one of my cat's toys flew inside of it and burned on the heating coil. This newer model is more cheaply made and cost twice as much! It also has an annoying clicking sound and shoots out a flash of light when it automatically increases the heat. It does save me lots of money on my heating bill.
It needs one or two more extensions to be a good height.
I was expecting them to be a bit thicker and I assumed the print was embroidered, but it is more like a silk screen print. I haven't washed anything for an long period of time. I just hope the ink holds out.
Did what it intended to. Overall satisfied. Hope it is easier to clean after using it. There are parts that cannot be thoroughly washed.
It was easy to set up the smart app and while I am on the train coming home from work I can turn on the AC so the house cools down by the time I get home. Google Home can turn it on and off via voice but it really screws up big time when trying anything more advanced than that. (It will try but just doesn't seem to understand) I have it in a large open living room layout that is connected to a kitchen and seems to cool the area down sufficiently.
Amazing! If you like Rainbows through out a room when the sunshine hits a window. This is the product to make that happen. easy to install.
I bought this PILLOWCASE for someone's birthday and loved that it was a good price. I didn't realize the pillow was not included so I had to run out and buy one (actually someone else ran out because I needed to set up the Office theme decorations.) Overall, I liked the pillowcase. It's a thick material. I don't think I would've bought it if the description was more clear about not including a pillow.
Fabric is a little on the lightweight side but washes beautifully. I like it!! And the huge array of color possibilities, along with the inexpensive cost means I can spoil myself with different colors. And one perk is that it can make some of your imaginative and wildest sexual fantasies come true. A pizza delivery will never be the same when u leave your apron outside the door along with instructions with what (not) to wear under the apron. Have fun!
Arrived Quickly, As Described, and I am very happy with the product. Would recommend this seller!!
Very stiff fabric, make sure this is what you need before ordering. Colors are great
They are a good looking well made set of brushes. Nice bristles , and a good combination of sizes. For what I do they are just too soft.. but a lot of people like a soft brush . I'd think they would work well with watercolors ! I use a heavy based acrylic paint and I'm sure it's just too thick for a soft brush .
I like these and the gift of different color reed diffuser the sender gave. Took one star off because I didn't need so many. I only needed like 5 sticks. If only they have an option for less quantity and money. Now the rest I don't use is just sitting in my drawer taking up space.
It came in on time and everything was there!
Ordered a king size. It was a little snug. Very comfortable.
Love this squishy pack, although when i ordered it, it didn't come with a squishy gift box.
These are very cute and sit nicely on my mantle without tipping back at all. I would have given 5 stars but unfortunately one of the little pine cones fell off as soon as it came out of the package. I still think it was worth the purchase though.
Overall it's good product however I wish if the strings were longer to tie them comfortably
Definitely a cute little box wood shrub. I purchased some larger ones at hobby lobby to go behind these little ones to add height. The larger ones are a darker green. They sit four inches off the ground. They are an excellent filler. They are nice and full little boxwood shrubs with a hint of yellow which makes them look more real.
So cute and sturdy. It's bigger than I expected so read the dimensions before you buy!!
Good sketchbook if you like drawing on both sides of the page. Some colors of markers can kind of show through in certain lighting, but I put acrylic paint in mine and the pages didn't warp and the other side of the page was still usable. Also the sketchbook doesn't lay flat like it is advertised.
People are always fooled and surprised that they are not “real” flowers.
The backpack good quality, seems durable enough for a young child. My grandson loved it! The one thing not good was the flashlight it did not work I ended up having to toss it
A little small but overall they're good. Like the dark brown color.
They are very short, not what I had hoped for.
Vent tube gets very hot
They are very realistic. However, 2 of the 6 will not stay lit. How do I go about replacing the 2 candles?
I like the sheets and the feel of them. The only thing I don't like are the pillowcases. I ordered full sheets, which I always do, and have never had an issue with pillowcases. I have regular-size pillows. The pillowcases that came with the sheets are very short. The end of the pillow sticks out. It's not a very big pillow. Fortunately there were 4 in the box so I was able to put 2 on a pillow. But still, it seems kind of weird that they are so small. Otherwise, I like the sheets.
I like it . It works good if there is on a wall or something dark. The color is great. But if you are planning to put it over a window and it is sunny outside you will see through the fabric. That is why I gave it only 4 stars.
Just arrived and it is exactly as described! I took one star off because it did arrive damaged on one corner where the leather like material appears to be ripped
Works as it should. Took one star off since I had to lightly sand all the edges (to prevent fine fabrics from snagging).
Nice product. Packaged nice. Coupon enclosed for immediate $5 refund bonus. Colorful. Soft edges.
My wife loves this pillow. She says it allows here to be comfortable in bed. The stuffing does seem to flatten a little easy and she is interested in adding more (that is the reason for 4 stars) otherwise, it is a great buy.
I love the color and quality of the curtains. Its true to size and easily slips over the metal rail that holds them. They block the sun just the right amount, and still allows the light to come through.they have a nice tiny waffle pattern. They look nice in my kitchen! I only give 4 stars because they dont come with the valance.
This is maybe just too big for my tub. It absorbs the water in the tub which makes it heavy and it slides down into the tub. It does stick to the tub but it slides. Has to be wrung out after using of course, but its a lot of area to squeeze. I DO love the little black sponge that comes with it.
Took a few days to get it started.
It's bleach lol does the job. A lot more expensive though than in stores..
This kit is fun to use. It provides a good variety in the pack. I've used resin in the molds, the small ones came out clean neat and shiny. The larger two left attached chunks to the item once pulled out. So the large ones are ruined after ONE use. I am disappointed. I really wanted to be over the moon about this kit. I used all the molds at the same time, meaning I had six molds using the same resin mixture. Only the large ashtrays stuck to the pieces and tore. I wish they didn't. Well, the small ones are excellent so I gave three stars because I could only produce acceptable products from three molds. So I sent back the molds and the company repacked all of them within three days! They paid for return shipping. I have not used the molds again yet, I'm waiting on my epoxy.
The package arrived as promised; sturdy box, the jewelry organizer was wrapped in decorative tissue paper! Nice. I haven't used it yet, but it seems to have plenty of space, sections for my delicate jewelry items and earrings. I'm excited to use it on my upcoming vacation! Thank you.
I purchased these candles to use in a live action play, where the actors would light and “blow out” their candles at specific times. They were somewhat disappointing in that they would turn off and on unexpectedly. Other than that, they have a pretty and fairly believable glow/flicker
It's a pretty good cover for the price. Not exactly what I thought material would be but that was my fault. It's nice & pleased. The only negative things is the foam rolls don't stay in place but the cover stays in place pretty good anyway. The other thing is I don't know how long straps on each side will last. Right now they're fine but over time I'm wonder if they'll rip away. Again I overall happy with it.
Stained the first time I washed them. Very soft and comfortable.
Use this for more than 2 months. Works well. However, it's not easy to move around. It's better to have wheels.
Good quality and reasonably priced.
Loved it for the first month. Then it stopped working. Just tried it out again and it's working well again. One star lost for the confusion. Great product over all.
I would like it to be a little long but that is the stander size. thank you.
I was disappointed it was polyester and not cotton. However, it is light weight and I just go it and used it once. I think the poly cover may make it hotter. I used my other one year round as the A/C blew directly on my feet. It had a cotton cover and breathed well. This one was not weighty and felt good. I keep my house at 68 overnight in the winter and this keeps me warm.
So I did not realize that my kitchen cabinet bottom piece was a little charger than the inserts for this underneath shelf. But I used it on another smaller shelf
I got this vacuum because of 2 key considerations as I wanted to hang in the closet: removeable battery; wall mount. I love the vacuum BUT the wall mount is a poor design. Watch when you breathe near it or walk near as it will come flying off the wall mount often sending the battery and upper section flying ... not to mention landing on your foot. Does anyone have the contact for the mfg? I've searched unsuccessfully.
A few were 1/2 full, a couple were empty, but they are great bubbles.
vacuum house, works great. lightweight to carry. Battery is short, guess will to get another one.
It is way too big, and my husband has to figure out how to size it down.
works great , enough firmness and protection, But if you have leather car seat it will slide easily even though it says it will not slide .
Used them to make Nickle plating solution. They worked just fine. I will buy more if my solution gets low.
Its useful but not very sturdy. Only place light stuff on it. The nails are too small for the hole. You guys should work on that, i think it will help a lot!
Got a pack of these for party favors and they were immediately traded around and seen the following week on kids' backpacks.
Could be a little roomier, but is fine for my purpose. I'm using it on the inside of the cabinet door where we hand our calendar and other notices. So, I'm not using the magnet--I've hung it using to Command velcro strips and it works great.
This blanket is so soft it is slippery. It feels cool to the touch, but given time does trap warmth.
It's very cool, but took a while for my old feet to get used to. So, ten days and I'd forgotten until I started to write this... must not hurt anymore!
this frame is not real wood with a barn look...it's contact paper. disappointing, yes. but it is a quality frame.
Very nice thick paper but a small roll I would've bought two if I had known
Good, decent quality for an every day cloth napkin. Soft and absorbent.
Nice couch covers. Great price. Would recommend them.
I bought these in an effort to be more green. They are polyester so do not absorb as well as cotton and not totally stain resistant but they wash like dream and are wrinkle free Just what I needed!
Good old Amazon service and products....... Always look there first........
Works as expected. Haven't been using it long enough to confirm if any defects exist.
Works very well to block the morning sun and is not affected by the weather so far.
They look exactly like the picture
The grey has a purple tint to it so I wasn't expecting it but I do like it. I wish the comforter was a bit heavier though, I like heavy blankets
Very classy design band great colors
Brought three packets at once. Two perfect, very impressed. But last pack must have been old because the florist tape was dry and wouldn't stick together. Hope it is just a one off because great product.
I've purchased 3 blankets from this company, the woodland one for my nephew and flower ones for my nieces, and I love them all! I needed my nephews by a certain date for my sisters baby shower, but didn't see an expedited shipping option, so I contacted the seller. They were super nice but said they wouldn't be able to expedite. Well I was happily surprised when I received the blanket over a week early, in time for the shower! Quicker than I received my nieces too, so that made me think they took the time to try to get it to me early. These blankets are small and meant for a baby or toddler. Only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because it's not very fluffy like normal fleece, even after washing. But I will definitely keep purchasing these for my future nieces and nephews :)
I LOVE this Golden Retriever Christmas Laser Lighted picture! It has a great size, and love the Laser Lighting of "Merry Christmas" beneath the puppies in the Red Truck. The only thing I would like is to have a remote ON/OFF switch instead of a switch on the side of the picture because when you are short or tall if picture is behind furniture or up high, you can't easily press the switch on/off, and therefore it has to stay on under you run out of battery life. Like my Luminara Candles that have a remote that turn them ON/OFF with the press of a button, these type of pictures need that remote access.
I like item and price.
These storage boxes are nicely constructed for their price point. The attached lid is a nice addition.
Just got the pkg from our mail service. Amazon service a little slow. They look like they will work. but have not had the opportunity to try one.
Pretty nice product. Just what the description says it is. It gets kind of hot but it does help keep your head up when sleeping on a plane. Soft and light weight but kind of bulky.
Very nice. My wife was happy so I'm happy. We would not hesitate to purchase again.
The thread is working beautifully. Love it.
Works great, but I wish there were cuter/more modern versions of these out there! This one is the most popular, but I hate the way it looks. Can't they make these for more modern kids' rooms and in a style that will grow with your kids?!?!?
They don't take up a lot of room, and they are pretty quiet. Very very happy with my purchase and would definitely recommend this product
Blanket is thick and warm. I bought this to use as a picnic blanket for my engagement pictures. I really like it but the pictures are definitely different than what comes in the box. There is a lot more white color to the material than yellow.
Well made, fit better than the originals so they stay in place better when pulling mop back. Only downside is no tab to pull them off.
Super sticky & easy to apply onto walls but because my wall have texture you can see the bumps coming through (if you look up close).
A little cheaply made but great little shelf and is smells like cedar! It couldn't take a lot of weight but I just keep some essential oils on it, overall a good buy.
Arrived on time and looked great on sofa. Easy way to decorate for holiday. Simply slip current sofa pillows in bag then zip.
Arrived on time, reasonable price
They are definitely unisex. Bigger than I expected which is a good thing.
While it looked a little corny it ended up being a great product. You can literally use it anywhere and the smoke does not come out. Discreet smoking at its finest.
Great value for the money. Not as sturdy as the plastic ones, but it does the job.
These shelves are good. Be careful about where you mark on the paper vs where you drill. Did mess it up the first time and had to caulk the hole in the wall. The shelves hold my knick knacks and a painting. The white is shiny, i like it. It would be cuter distressed but the price is okay for 2 shelves.
I love it! Only thing i wish is that for the price i wish it would have been a little larger. Also the stands that it sits on i wish that the pieces locked in when connected. when lifted the stand legs drops off! It would also have been awsome if they already had the word donut written on it. I had to pay someone to make me a vinyl sticker to add to it.
This is not a real AC but it is a cooler using water. I like the fact it is so compact and still does a decent job to cool a medium size room. Good if you don't to cool the whole house and just want to cool your room. I also use it when outside or in my backyard. It is good for the price and does what is expected to do.
A little smaller than expected but I still like it
Very cute! A little smaller than I pictured but looks good in my therapy office.
I haven't had a chance to use this yet, but I like the price and how it came in a reusable pouch.
I love this toilet paper holder. My ONLY complaint is that there are only 3 "feet" so it does tip easily. Other than that, I LOVE it.
I loved almost everything about this duvet: beautiful, bright colors, well made, and heavier material than my other duvets. However, for being king-sized, it wasn't that big (more of a queen-size) - there is only about 4 inches of overhang. But I like it so much I will keep it and use it on the queen-size bed in the guest room.
great buy! great value!
Assembly instructions aren't as complete as I would have liked; put a few connections together incorrectly, but was easy to fix. The cover is a nice feature, but the zippers seem REALLY cheap and it barely fits. I'm sure it would break; so we leave it open but with the top and sides covered, most dust is protected anyway. Holds a lot of shoes!
Sometimes it adheres amazing some thin lines it doesn't work so well.
Great feel. Very warm. Make sure to wash it at least twice to get all the extra fuzz off or it will stick to you.
Have had these sheets for 4 months now, no problems with holding up so far. Also that have not started get those little thread balls that some sheets do after a few washes. They are very soft and comfortable. I especially like that they feel like they breath and stay cool. Just bought another set.
Squeegee works fine, suction cup only sticks to glass. I decided to just leave the squeegee in a basket.
Okay, a word of advice. Do not go by the picture of the tree in a room. Look at the other pictures showing the tree as it looks unpacked. That is what you get. I got the 5 foot tree in green and it was a few dollars less at the time. As others have said it is barely 5 foot if you pull the little branch at the top all the way up. It is not a full tree but it also was inexpensive. I had a so-called cashmere tree that retailed for 6 times the price and it lost needles, was wobbly, and was a pain to set up and to store. I donated it and decided to save some money and space and bought this tree. For now its okay. I have it on an end table so it does look bigger, and it seems fairly steady. With this tree I at least got what I paid for and the delivery was right on time. I forgot I needed to get lights for this tree. So when I get it decorated I'll post a picture. Another plus, it folds away into a very compact box, and since i live in a small apartment that's a feature. If you want a tree for a small room this will be a good choice without spending much.
When the unit arrived, I tested it daily on carpet, wood and tile floors. It performed as well as I could have expected. However, after a couple of days, the unit malfunctioned by appearing to not reach full charging status at it's charging station and would refuse to launch for a couple of days. I contacted Eufy customer support who claimed the unit had been "modified" and not supported under their product line. I then shut the unit off at the main switch and left it for a couple of days. When I turned it back on the malfunction had reset and the unit has been working fine ever since (one month now). I am now waiting for "the other shoe to drop" and hope that Amazon will stand behind it since Eufy won't.
They are working fine and the water tastes as good as the original GE filters. Great buy and will purchase again in the future if prices stay at a reasonable level.
Bigger than I anticipated, so they may not be able to use it on the cake.
This cover was easy to put on and it stays in place. It's sad that you spend money on an office chair and it peels like an orange. But this cover saves the day.
Fabric is thinner than expected but good. Minus a star for poor stitching or quality check.
As described, but about 10' too short for my chair
Have only used it twice so far. Lights fine, although I still don't understand the lighting mechanism. It's a little top heavy if you use the one pound propane containers. I'm going to try the tall thinner ones once this first container runs out. Also don't like that there is no adjustment to the heat. It's either on or off. No high or low available.
Nice little fan but you can't set it on the counter with it on, it starts rocking around and then falls over.
handles break off easily, so be careful if you ever have to move them.
Super cute. It came with 4 each of the characters. Looks great on top of the cupcakes.
90 year old mom thinks it the best. Just has a little trouble with the screw head staying on but could be her age.
Very pretty and high quality. Only thing I don't like is that in certain lightings it just looks like it has a bunch of small holes for decoration instead of the flower pattern.
It really isn't as sticky as it needs to be. I have used it 6 times and the sticky is already gone!
good quality for the money
Better than the Dirt Devil, but wish it was stronger.
My daughter loved this ornament!
Despite the photo showing the older style, the bags I got are the new style, with the "tab" on one side of the opening. I really preferred the older style. But, the price is good for the number of bags. I wish I had not used up most of my older ones for Cub Scout projects to take home!
You can slightly taste metal with some drinks for some reason. Other than that these are great straws in a step to help lessen single use plastic ones!
Navy blue yields a nice dark room even in full, direct daylight. Ran through a dryer cycle before hanging, never notice creases if any remain. Slides onto the "standard" rails (the cheap sort in rentals) with ease; other pockets allow for fancy rods up to a couple of inches in diameter. These do what I need them to do, at the right size (bonus, enough allowance to wrap around L bends).
My only beef with this is that I ordered the rose gold color and when I received it I was disappointed. The color is more bronze than rose gold....other than that it looks like a quality product and will work for what I need I think. Its exactly what I expected very thin foil.
I gave this as a gift. The person I gave it to liked it very much....
Works well for what it is
it works nice in tub.
Does the job, but be careful, it is very sharp!! Love that it can be hooked onto keys!!
Nice necklace...goes great with the matching earrings I purchase in a previous order.
Bought these as part of the decoration for a float, and they did the job. Note that none of Monstera leaves have wire (the palm leaves do, however), so if you are expecting to shape these, you'll be disappointed, and the fabric doesn't have any stiffness, so they 'droop' if you try to adhere them to anything vertically. But the print is pretty, and having multiple sizes is nice. They would be really pretty grouped as a table runner. They worked for our purpose, and we're happy with them.
As others have noted, the chocolate did not stay in the slots behind the "doors' of the advent calendar. The majority had fallen down to the bottom of the calendar when my package arrived. I untaped the bottom and relocated the candy in the appropriate slot (then it held while my grandson opened each door before Christmas). The chocolate was good!
Wife needed these for consolidation of clothing. She seems to think they're great. Thanks, Space Saver!
Great price good detail
It's a little dark, so it's hard to read from further away. Kind of has a copper feel to it.
The couch cover works. Size is good, color is ok and I will find out how good this product is when I wash it few times.
Pretty good. Did what they were suppose to do and my 3 year old likes squishing them.
Very nice product with a good range of brushes, helpful for artists and art students. Thank you!
I didn't read carefully. Thought it came with newspaper, and framed. But it worked out, and it looks fine, almost professional!!
Not much holding strength on the wall ends
I'll use them, but I was hoping they would be larger.
I do like these and they are a great talking piece, however they are quite a bit too tall. If they were cut in half or more they would be better.
Very hard to set. It does not set-up as easy as they say and does not automatically set the time as advertised. Otherwise, it does seem to be working fine now that we finally got it set up
The hooks sent with the shower curtain are cheap looking. This is just a curtain, no liner. It is thin and see through.
I purchased these blankets for my 2 boys. They like them but 1 of the blankets tore at the seems pretty easily.
I bought these to hang some of my clothes for work. I liked the design and color of the hangers. The only thing I didn't like about these hangers would be the top portion of the hanger. On some of the hangers the top would be a little rough, but on others, it would be perfectly smooth. Other than that complaint, I really do think these hangers add a sense of style to your closet.
Be warned these need lots of rinsing out before washing with regular laundry as there is quite a bit of dye especially in the blue and pink ones. Otherwise they are thin but that was what I expected for the price. Very nice
Seems like a bit inferior quality than the Oreck brand, but they seem to do the job well.
It was as advertised. The only negative is that the storage box was damaged.
Durable enough to last a few years. Great price and the quality is decent.
These paints are pigmented, they also blend lovingly and are easy to mix... but that smell, jesus it's like painting with nail polish, I thought you didn't need a breathing mask to paint with acrylic. Guess I was wrong! They need to fix that smell, its nauseating and gave me headaches while I was painting.
Very pretty but came in damaged. Some of the threads were ripped and were coming off the cover when I unpacked the package. There was a small hole by the zipper as well. I hate returning things so Im going to patch these myself and keep the cover.
Great to use in my classroom. Easy to put together and get the dirt out of the container. Did get bent rather easily by the handle when it bumped into a desk.
Just the right weight for summer. Only small problem, fabric a little too crisp. Perhaps will soften with age.h
My only complaint and it is a minor one is that the fitted sheet is about 1" too small for my mattress. Otherwise a beautiful product
Just as described! Batteries wear out quickly, make sure to turn it off as soon as you are done.
It is a good product but I am bummed I didnt pay attention to the size. I wanted it to go above our dining table, but instead, it fits above our stove.
I read some reviews before but still wanted this. I had no trouble putting together, pretty sturdy and heavy which means it won't tilt over easy. I didn't just jab the screwdriver in, i was careful and took my time and for me no parts of the paint came off while putting together. Part of the knee was chipped off though after unwrapping from the bubble packaging. I can stack two rolls of toilet paper; you can see his body and top foot pretty well, just can't see his bent knee.
Lightweight but sturdy very soft and cool
As expected, grandson loved it.
My biggest complaints about this are the size and how hard it can be to clean (which also has to do with the size). It's a lot bigger than I expected, though I admit I forgot to check dimensions. It takes up space, so someone with a smaller room, or who doesn't have many tables/surfaces (like me) this might not be the best. The size can also make it difficult to clean. Most wax melts will just pop out when they're hard, but not all, and the wax sticks to the sides of the dish and is REALLY hard to get off without using a knife.
Well i got this candle for my sister and brother-in-law for a Christmas gift, along with other things. I had them light the candle while they were making dinner, about an hour or so after they started to smell something. It actually smelled pretty bad. They couldn't figure out what it was until about 20 mins went by and my sister smelled it coming from the candle. Overall it's a good gag gift. The markings on the label could be a little bit better but overall it's pretty cool. I would recommend to buy as a gag gift for someone.
Just what we were looking for!
I paid more money because I thought I was getting RED gloves not PINK. Somehow the color in the photo on my computer reads RED. Just wanted to give a heads up in case someone else thinks they are RED.
I've had oxygen generators for the past 20 years. First rented one via insurance, and it was extremely loud. Had to put it in another room in order to sleep and set it on foam panels because it vibrated on the floor [yes, it was carpeted]. Moved to a lower altitude, and didnt need one again till the past year. I bought a small one from Amazon, and I like it, but it's also loud. It has to be in another room with the door shut in order for me to sleep. I was hoping this one would not be as loud so I wouldnt have to use a long hose and attachments, so I could have it in the same room with me. Nope. It's loud, enough that it keeps me awake if it's in the same room, and loud enough during the day that the sound on the tv has to be turned up higher. It's a nice unit, does exactly what the write up says, but it's louder than I can handle. Right now, both of the oxygen generators [this is also an oxygen generator, just in a smaller case] are in a closet until I can find a way to make them quiet at night. I have a hearing loss in one ear, so you'd think this wouldnt bother me, but it does.
The lid isn't always self close but for the piece, it works well enough.
We ordered the pineapple design and it's a nice size as far as length but surprised that's its very thin. Other than that, it's great. If you're traveling this would be a great towel to pack along as it's so thin and lightweight.
Easy to use? Is it ever! Although I do think it's hard for some people. Like my fiancé, really struggling with it. Not sure if I could find a users manual and slip it on the pillow before bed. Many I won't be the only one using it. So buyer beware. Some of us can use it, no problem. Others seem to really struggle.
Beautiful semi~sheer floral design. Good choice. Only thing I would change would be the fabric. More opaque would be ideal. Was hoping for a little more privacy. I haven't washed them yet so I'm not completely sure of the durability. They are nice to look at. So far happy with purchase.
Originally commented that although I liked the laser the much & it was highly recommended by another quilter, the adhesive wouldn't hold the device & it kept falling off my machine. Since the machine housing is plastic (like all of them these days), the screws and/or the magnet wouldn't work. However, we have now solved the adhesive problem by using a Command adhesive strip - the type used to hang a picture without damaging the wall. It works perfectly, so I am very happy with the laser! They are available in places like Walmart.
The mermaid is in 3 pieces. I applied the mermaid stickers to wall and it seems to go together well enough. They adhere to the wall enough that I don't think I will have to keep pushing them back on.
Really like these. Will use them on my mantle next year.
I love how easy they are to write on and clean, and especially the look. They stand up correctly.They are versatile enough for an elegant party or a not so fancy one. I would give them a 5-star rating, but one of the 8 has a problem: the chalkboard sticker they attempted to put on has a bubble/crease in it, so that part cannot be written on. Thankfully the crease is all the way to the right side, so I can write on most of it. Otherwise, all is good with these and I would purchase again if needed.
Nice but some were broken
I am happy with this product it is made well and will be used for many years the only problem that I have had is that this item didn't come complete it said 2 books come with it I only received 1 . I contacted the seller and they apologized and said they would send the other one but besides that I am very happy with what I have received . Hopefully the book does come soon .
I use this small hamper in my closet for ease of accessibility.
one side was not glued and keep moving around tried gluing it but it come loose after a few days
Very nice. Looks just like the picture.
I especially liked that the hand held vacuum could be detached from the stick. The suction was strong on our hardwood floors and appeared to pick up pet hairs very well.
Nice tin. Does the job well. Looks as pictured
Works well in bathroom. Bags is nearly full 45 days in. Doesn't do a thing to eliminate odors, but bathroom smells of cat due to previous owner 🤨
This stand is a great little ornament stand; well balanced and interesting looking without taking attention away from the ornament it's holding. The reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is I really think it should be about 1/4" taller. I had to knot the silk cord on the ornament almost to the end for it to display with enough room on the bottom. Then it didn't look quite right- it made it look top heavy instead of free hanging. I'll buy more of them, but until the specs say it's a bit taller I will buy the bigger hanger.
These made great baby shower gifts. She is happy she do have something to use if she makes her mind up on breastfeeding. And something to cover the baby in crowded germy places.
It serves the purpose. It was a bit long (front to back) for the cabinet it was to be used in but my husband kinked the back of the basket so that it would fit.
The frames are great but when they arrived one fame glass was broken. They're worth the value if that glass wasn't broken.
These burn like they say 4-5 hours. pleasant smell keeps the bugs at bay
These really are one of the coolest toys you can give your kids. My only issue is they are pricier on Amazon, but sometimes there is no availability at retailers so I am still glad the option is there.
They were the perfect sheer for the lighting we used behind them.
Well made and seems sturdy, but my very full 7 foot tree wouldn't fit in one. I ended up buying a second one to hold all the pieces. I have it stored in the basement and it takes a good bit of room. I'd like to hang it from the ceiling, but I'm not convinced the handles would take the weight. Afraid to try and risk tearing the bag.
I bought this cabinet to store my DMC & other embroidery floss. It's perfect!! I plan to add some labels to the front of the drawers, & then I'll be completely organized! I'll probably get another one for other embroidery & quilting stuff.
Does what I ordered them for. Wheels kind of fragile
Easy to assemble. Pieces are smooth with no rough areas. Just started using it so I don't have any issues. So far, so good.
Works great on my laminate type floors, left no residue or streaks behind. The pump action which I was not thrilled about works awesome as does the reservoir. I originally wanted a detachable reservoir, but this is so handy I just fill it in the sink and less hassle. Not great on cleaning my grout in bathroom, but it is pretty old so that was asking a lot out of it. Would buy again and seems like a sturdy little unit.
I love the product it is very beautiful. It fit very well on my five-year-old daughter. My only complaint is that I wanted 2 of the solid ivory crowns. I was ordering them for two of the flower girls in my sisters wedding. They sent me one that was ivory and the second one with pink flowers.
Many nice looking pieces, and a good price.
You definitely need to purchase putty in addition with this product. The adhesive it comes with comes in small dots, and by the time you get it off the paper it's smaller than the size of a pea. I've had my butterflies on the wall for a few weeks now and they are dropping like flies. Pun intended. However, I really enjoyed arranging these on my wall, it made for nice diy day project, and I get so many compliments on them. I'm in college and my roommates love the aesthetic of my room. They really add another dimension in my decorations, the subtle shine also really gives movement to them. They make my room feel bigger and more complete, and they added a feminine, delicate twist to my room (which is mostly navy blue and gray). I highly recommend these, just purchase an additional adhesive!
this is the fourth vacuum I have bought in the last few months. I have a cordless dyson at home and at work. I purchased a cordless hoover for my grandma who needed something light weight. I decided to try this one for small area rugs where I work. It does have two settings, low and high, which is nice and also has a button that you don't have to constantly hold. You cannot turn off the roller brush, but I didn't mind using it on hard floors with the brush on. It should be noted this is a cordless stick vacuum, so using it for deep cleaning is not going to give you the results you need. However, it works really well on hard floors and short carpet. It's super quiet!!! Easy to put together and the charger is built into the base, which is a nice change from the others. I recommend this for lighter cleaning!
like these in shower
This set was just what my wife and I were looking for. Very comfortable, fit perfectly and are very easy to to sleep on. Highly recommend!
I tried to use these outside. They lasted a couple days only then fell off the wall. Bummer because they are very cute.
The sheets are a little rough after an initial wash with no fabric softener, but they are reasonably thick and feel just fine to sleep under. They are a tight weave, so the 'percale' name seems right, but interestingly, they appear to be an oxford weave, not a plain weave.
The fan and sleeve are nice but the box was crushed and broken. I was planning to give as a gift in the box.
They're nice looking bins. I can fit pretty much all of my folding clothes in 3 of them, which keeps my storage very compact. They fit terrifically inside my armoire. At 16" long there are a lot of storage cubes and other options they're too big for. But if you have a large armoire or deep shelves, they're a very nice option.
I totally love this system. I have rebuilt this system many times to meet my needs. My goal is to get 2 more for my home! When I no longer need them I break them down and hide them away. Then dig them out as needed. I swear it's the holy grail of shelving :)
Smells good, nostalgic, only issue is that mine doesn't seem to have set on a level surface so it's rather uneven. Hopefully actually lighting it will fix but I won't know for sure
These are really nice covers, just wish they came with the inserts.
Very comfortable sheets. 4 stars only because after I washed them on a gentle setting there was a tiny pull on the flat sheet.
Paired with my new smoke detector. Tested for function and works like a charm. I can sleep soundly now.
Have to get used to this after the turntable i had in the old house.
Looks exactly like the picture, and whatever black magic they use to allow just 1 napkin to come out at a time also works exactly as advertised. Strike 1 star because it feels like cheap plastic. For the price and the look, I expected more substance to it, but it doesn't affect the functionality as far as I can tell.
Doesn't fit with my bissell vacuum cleaner
Great little fan to keep cool at night. I would buy it again, if I needed another.
Good quality and comfortable.
Good quality and color.
Not too thin, not too thick, just right.
Once they were clipped together, they were just fine,
Reminds me of the smell of an orange cream soda, and for that reason I'm using it in the kitchen. Fragrance is pretty strong for a passive air freshener. Can't speak to longevity yet - only put it in a couple days ago.
Great product, fits perfectly!
Some screws don't match with the hole that were pre drill
This product was missing a panel when built; but nice quality.
bought as a present. The recipient loved it
Used it first in the dishwasher, residue of detergent covered the hat. Used in the washing machine, got my Blues hat clean. Warped the plastic just a little bit. Good for the money, think I'll get at least two more uses out of the deal.
Works great! I've used it for about 6 loads now with no problems. It's catching a lot of lint.
These arrived today and I have thoroughly looked them over and believe they will be very adequate for the purpose I have for them, which is storing off season clothes. The clear plastic windows will allow me to find something specific I may want that I have packed away. I probably will cut a heavy piece of cardboard to put in the bottom to make the container a little sturdier, to carry, pack, and store.
I order two for comforter for my daughters. They keep them quite warm during cold winter. I would recommend a friend to buy one. The price is not high and a good product.
It worked excellently. Very happy
This is super adorable, it's actually a more teal blue and I was hoping it'd be a baby blue like in the picture. I bought some baby blue spray paint and painted it the color I wanted and it turned out great! It looks great in my coastal themed bathroom.
You can't beat the price for a mirror like this. My gf loves it. Only issues I've seen is that it turns on randomly and stays on until you turn it off again. (Could be left on all day) should add a timer for light being on.
Like that is helped downsize some of my storage
Fast simple cheap. Works as advertised.
The paint is really good quality, but the cap came broken. The hole for the paint was clogged and the cap didn't click shut, it just stayed open. I have many Deco art paints though, so I just replaced the cap with one from an old bottle.
I bought this for the arm of my sofa so my boyfriend could put his drink and other things on. it's a nice quality, but the little slats on the side that faces the inside of the couch came off after a week of use. It's really not that big of deal because you can just glue them back on. We decided to put tacks in (the flat headed gold ones) to keep them affixed. That's the only reason why I took a star away.
Nice warm blanket. Not the absolute highest quality, but great value for the price, and good for our household since we have two dogs that always want to rough house on our bed. I'd order again.
I have been on a desperate search for an effective & economical air-cooling device. This product is my THIRD attempt at cooling my 100 square foot, 87 degrees fahrenheit "hot room", and it is amazing! My room is now actually "chilly". This is an actual evaporative cooler, that actually works. I was conned by the last product I purchased, that claimed to be an evap cooler and turned out to be a little more than a personal space cooler... it was utterly useless and I am returning it. This product does come with a few "cons", but it is totally worth it, considering its price and effectiveness. For instance, I heard a loose screw rolling around inside the unit right off the bat. I opened it up, and removed said screw... I checked, but never found where it went and assumed it was just "extra"/"left behind on accident". No big deal. Then, when I was ready to fill it up with water the tiny little "door" to fill it up with was impossible to open. I opened up the back of the unit, again, and filled it up that way. Once I got over the few annoyances/glitches and got it running it blew my mind. My room is now more than cool, and I am more than pleased.
Feathers were soft and great quality, only thing was I thought they were going to be bigger, but I attached them to some balloon sticks and worked out just fine!
Its a litte bit big and hangs pretty low. But it will do for its purpose
I like the ease of setting up the clock and senser , but the only thing I don't like is that it did not come with a mounting plate for the outside of the house.(double checked the package and did not find it) ,is it an opt.?????????? if so shame, shame.
Beautiful. Only bad part is they look like plastic up close. I have others that you can't tell a difference! They are on the smaller side too.
Works for the summer.
Looks great! It was a little difficult to install at first, until we got the hang of it. Order a few more tiles than what you think you will need to allow for a learning curve.
I'm really happy with the 2 piece cover finely something to protect the leather sofa thanks.
The frame was well packed, arrived on time and is exactly what I needed.
I got these for my teen kids to take to school. They work great. You just need to make sure your bananas are not too big or you might have to cut the end to make it fit.
I love this folding clothes hanger. It saves space in my smallish laundry room while being handy for hanging my clothes right out of the dryer. It's stylish and sturdy. The only criticism I have is the mounting screws: they don't match the clothes hanger and they are inadequate to hold the weight. Fortunately my husband has a good supply of screws designed to anchor things to the wall. Don't buy this product unless you have anchor screws.
It was the look that I wanted for a cabin feel, in our 5th wheel.
I live in a small apartment with little counter space and cabinet space so it was awesome to have one of these for our spices and medicines. It really does just stays in place and haven't had any issues with it falling off or sliding
These plates are definitely a consumable for craters that own the Gemini Junior, so don't be so surprised when they dent, scratch and warp with use, especially if you're doing some major crafting. With that said, I wish there was a way to make these a little more durable so you don't have to buy them so much. My advice is to buy 2 and rotate them when die-cutting. I guess Crafters Companion could sell a 2 pack at an affordable price to help us crafters :)
Got this for a Christmas gift. I wanted to frame some art work for my father-in-law. Good for that. Not the best color but fine for what I need it for. Good price so I guess I can't be too picky.
Despite no damage to the package it came in mine, the cover of the pad came in with a giant chunk of it ripped. other than that the colors are just what I was looking for.
These have been a great product. Easy to install and use.
Sturdy shelf for bathroom wall. Can hold lots of towels on the top shelf, and washcloths or smaller towels on lower shelf. I am using the convenient hooks to hold a Bluetooth speaker, a pumice stone, and an extra loofah for guests. Can raise up the top shelf if desired. I like keeping it down to separate the towels and washcloths. Brushed nickel finish nicely matches my other features in the bathroom.
I have sleep apnea and use a CPap machine and sleep on an adjustable bed at home to keep me somewhat elevated as that improves my breathing. But, when I travel and have to stay in a hotel on a regular bed, I am miserable and no matter how many pillows I attempt to prop myself up on, never achieve a good night's sleep. So, I bought this and thought I would try it as I was going to be traveling over this past weekend. It worked great for me. I fell asleep and didn't toss and turn all night like I usually do in a hotel bed. It is going to make traveling a whole lot easier for me. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it does not come with a cover and I feel like over time, it is going to get dusty and be less than hygienic. I am going to buy a flat sheet and sew it up on 3 sides to make a pillow case of sorts for it. I would definitely recommend buying this pillow.
Considering the cost, this is a good frame. If you inspect it very closely, the frame isn't perfect. But it looks great handing on the wall. You don't notice any of the imperfections once it's up. It's back loading, and has those tiny metal flaps that you bend out of the way. Those things are super annoying and make it a little more difficult to get your picture in. Overall, good frame!
for my tub its great like the length and the color only had it for a week but its great
This is a great media stand. My only wish is that it had built in tie down points in the back for management. I made my own and it looks super clean.
Super toxic strong plastic smell. I got rid of it by rinsing it in the bath tub. Then i had to soak it in coconut lemon soap water in the tub for 2 days, rinse after each day, to get rid of the smell.
These are soft and I like them, I wish they were a bit more plush
We loved how easily these lanterns were to light and send soaring! Just be careful not to bump them on anything, they tear easily.
The candles are great, but don't be fooled like we were. They are TINY! Very small in size but they smell great.
All of the keys are well made, lots of sizes and styles; the only reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 is for one key had a little quote that has a misspelled word, it was small and they didn't have enough room on it. But I've used these keys in many mixed media projects, and they are pretty nice for the price.
I received right away. But they were not the size I expected them to be. Their not 10"
Overall, I like the rod. I do think it is a little cheaply made...especially doe $35. It compares to a $20 rod from Walmart. Was easy to install and looks nice.
Came in decent time, packaged well with no damage whatsoever. The only issue I have is the quality for the price but I knew that reading other reviews before I bought it, I'm still very satisfied with it. Looks great.
This is more maroon than red.
These curtains still let some light through. Which also means some solar energy is getting through. As this is on a sun faced wall I did not get the result that I wanted to accomplish. A very nice curtain, but not a full black-out.
Pictures are beautiful! Fun to do! Only reason I'm only giving 4 stars is because on the large picture the black diamonds were so stuck together I had to really play with them to get them apart.
I have several diffusers/humidifiers of various types. This is the least expensive-- it isn't my favorite, but its quite good especially for the price. The best feature is the 500ml tank which I only have to refill about once a week (using it for 2 hours a night). It puts out a lot of vapor as you can see it coming out in a steady stream that you can position by rotating the cap. Its also not too loud though I can hear the water splashing around inside more than my others. The 3 button controls are very easy too (I memorized them to use without looking) and I like that it remembers the light settings. As for negatives... I wish it had more balance/support on the bottom. It has a 3 "leg" tripod configuration which isn't as steady as 4. When I remove the cover it always spills a little water that has condensed on my wood nightstand... And these may seem minor, but the little blue LED indicator lights are really bright. At night they actually light up my entire bedroom so I had to cover them up with little pieces of tape which renders them useless. Also I wish the cover was a frosted semi-transparent plastic like it looks in the photos. Instead its just plain white which works fine at night but it doesn't look as nice in the daytime.
Nice and quiet and effective.
The ones that stayed vacuumed and worked were great but 4 of them had slow leaks in them. Addendum: After posting an initial review, the company contacted me and issued a full refund for the defective products. I am, therefore, increasing my rating.
Pillowcases are soft and smooth. The color is pure white and the price is good. I would buy more.
These are not high-end needles. If you are looking for reasonably priced needles to get the job done then these will work for you. You are receiving a lot of needles for a very cheap price. They seemed to be true to size. The individual cases they come packaged in is a very thin plastic and appears that it will rip quite easily. I am looking for new ways to store to proactively avoid that issue and having all my needle sizes mixed up. I don't use double-points often so these work perfectly for my needs.
I purchased these to use for my tree outside and I think these are going to look great with all my other decorations. These are really cute little snowman lights and I'm anxious to put them up this weekend. I think that for the price these were a good deal and if they stay lit up well I will be very happy with the purchase.
The candle smell was very strong, I don't mind it but could be too strong for others.
I really liked it, the material is sturdy and doesn't fold when hanging. Design is exactly as pictured. Love it! Recommend it.
I bought these to protect my chairs from my cats. My cats still scratch my chairs but, I sleep better at night. The material does not actually 'protect' the chair but add a nice layer and look good ( the grey is a lovely matte)
These worked so FAST. The only reason a 4 star is because they don't last long in tge tank, and as soon as it ran out rust started coming back right away Will use again though because they worked so fast..
Fit well, good quality, do what they are intended to do, enough said
It's pretty heavy so I'm hoping it holds up. The pin seems like it should be thicker, it's a bit wobbly. Normally when buying something like this you are provided screws, that's just standard... I didn't notice that until after I got it that it says you don't get screws, that's the main reason for lower stars since I have to make a trip to the store and find matching screws.
Product lived up to expectations
Glass was out of candle but not broke,so had to put in,could've been packaged better,hangs crooked too but very pretty,you do get what you pay for
I love this product, but after it goes for a few hrs mine started to make a soft squeaking noise. Definitely not a big deal and it was great for the price. I had it on for 24 hrs and the motor never got hot or even warm to the touch. Very easy to put together. I can squeeze all my cups in the foam. It takes a little effort to push the smaller cups in, but it works.
Adhesive is pretty strong, but I do notice after applying it the edges are sticky. I had put some one the back of several remotes and the edges collect dog hair. Every thing else I used it for seems not to matter.
It takes all the light out of the room and she loves it
I am very happy with my stitch. Fast delivery. Im just a little upset that it didn't come with it's original box. I collect Jim shore statues and keep there box's.
I bought these "plants" to match a new comforter set that I recently bought and they all look great!
It's a nice warm blanket. Exactly what my wife wanted
I love the look of the warmer but it is a little crooked.
Great vinyl, just wish there wasn't a sticker holding it together. The vinyl itself is perfect for projects.
Love the softness and quality for the price. I like the tags that denote size and head/foot. This set only came with one pillow case. I assume that was an error. But as I had ordered with prime for speed because guests were arriving, I had no time to return them. Other than not having a set of pillowcases, I really like these. The box claims quality care in making these sheets but obviously missed a step in filling the box.
I bought these because I needed to keep the moisture down in a few rooms. Mold tends to grow. So far, they are absorbing the moisture and I haven't seen any mold. I do not smell any of the lavender vanilla scent, but it serves its main purpose.
seems to be well made (stainless steel), works well enough and the price was right. the only thing it seems to need a little breaking in as the connection is a little stiff and the removable basket can be problematic at times with movement out of the holder when pressing gloves one after the other. also, hoping the wooden handles hold up after repeated use/washing but so far so good.
The sizes of the bags were perfect! I put the bags in my basement and it took away the musty smell. Also put one in my cat room, no smell. Very happy with my purchase!!
Beautiful drapes. Exactly what I was going for. First pair I opened had the stripe lines about 1 inch off. I had read reviews about lines not matching because one was upside down... not the case here. I was going to resew the seam but decided to put that set on the double windows. Because they are decorative and just sit on the sides and never meet, you can't tell the lines don't meet on the wide window. (Plus I pushed the seam back a little farther on one side to make it more of a 1/2 inch difference instead of full inch. The length pools, so no one has ever noticed the 1/2 inch discrepancy.) The 2nd pair I pulled out was perfect. Used those on the single window, and everything coordinates and looks great!
Blackboard labels are good quality in a nice variety of shapes and sizes. We gave only 4 stars because the marker doesn't really work well on them; we used permanent metallic marker and that worked nicely.
Like it my granddaughters love doing headband using it will order again and we made necklaces with matching bracelets
white is more pink than white, does the job
Great pillows, be careful as to the size of the pillows you want to put these on. The area to stuff the pillow into was not wide enough so that made it an issue fearing that we would potentially tear the cover.
These bibs work great but they did come with a chemical smell. It seemed to wash off and smells fine now. Also the placemat does slide on the table. I was hoping with it being silicon that it wouldn't move too much.
Product arrived quickly. I heard about it in a Bible passage on Sunday, I was curious so ordered it Sunday afternoon. It was here by Wednesday. Awesome!
Stays cool and supports my neck but a bit firm for my liking.
Use these cedar trays to help organize cigars in my wine cooler turned humidor. Sit on the wire shelves and easy to slide out to see the cigars in there. Bought four, one was missing the divider. Construction isn't superior, but very functional.
It is comfortable, fits my office chair well, and gives me the added height I need.
Since I make a lot of greeting cards, I use these as bows to place on the cards. Colors are vibrant and assorted, which is very pleasing. There isn't much yardage of each color; not do they come wrapped on a card; thus one must use a pin to keep them in tack when not using; yet they fit the bill for what I use them for. Yes, I would order again.
Great for using indoors, but not very sturdy if a little breeze comes up.
I really wish this had come with better instructions for assembly- the black and white pictures were not sufficient to supplement the sparse written instructions. I ended up getting toggle anchors because the ones provided would not stay snapped open. Overall, the whole unit looks great and feels really sturdy with the anchors. Based on other reviewers' comments, I made sure to use a level when hanging the vertical rods which really helped! I am really impressed with how the unit turned out once assembled- it definitely feels like it's a brand new closet!
Good power, long run time - but very loud.
It is a good heavy fabric. It hangs as shown but once tied up seems to be a big bulky and sticks out a lot from the window.
Lovely and it burns so easily
Slips a little bit on my tile floor at times.
This is a very decorative tin that I feel comfortable keeping out in my living room. The size is pretty small but it burns clean.
A lot smaller than I thought it was going to be, but it gets the job done and looks pretty good too (that's what she said).
I set this up in my son's nursery. It's pricey for what it is, but the only humidifier I found that is easy to clean and can clean all parts. I don't like that you can't turn the sound off when you adjust the settings. I would say it's a good investment and hope it will last.
solid although I winced a little about the price.
quiet and all features work...just got it
Nice but smaller that I thought
Ok.. just a heads up, I have a dyson, and it doesnt fit in the hose. BUT, my mom has a regular vacuum and it fits!! And it's really cool! It is really great for baseboards and cleaning out the cabinets and drawers! I would totally give this 5 stars but I cant use it, SO it only gets 4 from me. BUT I gave it to my mom and she LOVES IT!!
The color in the picture shows more of a TEAL color but it's truly and emerald green. But i'm not complaining! I absolutely love this little throw and the poms on the end add the perfect shabby chic vibes
good quality and great price!
easy to use and handle
I've used other shower squeegee before and it doesn't last too long and the grip is not too comfortable. I like this new curved handle, it is more flexible when cleaning, not easy to hit the arm. The flexible blade with a solid handle that gives a durable streak-free drying. It's good quality it's made using high-quality material with accuracy edge for reliable resistance free swipe. Cleaning my shower got much quicker and cleaner.
Cute and a good price
these took me a good 45 mins to get started they are PRESSURE paint pens. more like a marker than paint
Worked for what I wanted but didn't absorb craft paint like I thought they would
Was very comfortable, would have been 5 stars but it seems to tear very easily. Used on a camping cot, so that might have been the reason, but I'd recommend it.
Using this organizer inside a wicker basket to organize hair care bottles. Rather than finding my haircare products in a pile in the bottom of a bin, this organizer keeps them standing up and easy to get to when the basket is moved.
It came a little bigger than the other ones I have, but no problem easily fixable
Beautiful, but had to remove the pole in order to open the fan
Gifted to my 10 year old. She loves them. Quality was pretty good, they did bleed through a bit but nothing crazy. Seems to be holding up just fine and not running out fast.
Really nice in my daughters room
I like it. Nice texture, well made. Fits my leather love seat that has big arm rests, wasn't sure it would but it fits nicely. It comes out of the area between the back and seat easily but the little plastic rolls help with that.
A couple of them had to be adapted by bending the wire tighter but for the most part it was a good product.
Works all well as the much more expensive name brands. Will definitely order again!
One fan's base was broken, the hinges between the base and the fan that allowed the fan to tilt were completely snapped so that the fan would not sit upright. At such a low price, it wasn't worth returning it. The 2nd fan was fine. Easy to insert the D batteries and turn on. Works great. Perfect for the cubicle desktop at work. Quiet enough that my coworkers haven't said anything about even noticing it running.
A little louder than expected; the noise is not the most pleasant white noise that I had expected. Otherwise, it is a great output of air volume to size ratio. Edit: The white noise it generates has grown on me with time. I like the lowest setting.
So far.. perfect, perfect, perfect! Oh wait. No wall mount? Hmmm. Not pretty enough for my living room. Absurd standing on kitchen counter and my bedroom is too far away. Sorta beautifies my garage... but.. No. Hmmm. Might have to build a wall mount with a power "on and off" button.
Was cut a half inch short. I don't really mind. Does have a very strong scent when pressed though, like a chemical burning smell. Was easy to weed and cut.
I have mobility issues and need a very secure bath mat. Our shower has a textured ceramic tile floor, so most mats do not cling well. This was the only mat I could find that would cling to the textured tile.
Product went on as described, self leveled, and produced a nice clear coating. The only reason for four stars and not five, is that I have just applied the coating and do not know how it will hold up over time.
Looks good and holds wreaths well. I wish it was about 2 inches longer though. I put some small felt pads on the sides that contact the door so it wouldn't scratch the door.
The pillows do have substance to them, but are not as soft as I would like. Maybe it is personal preference, but I like a pillow where my head sinks down into it while still offering support. The king size pillows are quite large.
The product was very well made. However it did not fit my seven foot tree. I was able to to put 2/3 of my tree in the bag but not the bottom part. Not sure if my tree was wider than Most 7 ft trees.
my other one konked out after a few months, this one is so far so good, seems like a better design with the batteries on the back instead of the bottom,
Super (see what I did there?) easy to set up and looks fine, IMO! The cutout is sturdy and withstood a photobooth for a reunion where she was also dragged onto the dance floor. Saved the box and she was quickly and easily flattened back out for transportation. No tools required to assemble. Just realize the box she travels in is quite large... wouldn't foot in my trunk (although I admit to having a rather small sedan trunk...) and had to carry her across the backseat.
I am pleased with its suction. I am disappointed in the filter. How do I get replacements?
I was surprised at how soft the throw is...as soon as I pulled it out, my husband curled up with it and claimed it as his own. It's a little thin for my taste...I prefer a little more "fluff" but that's because I'm always cold. He tends to got hot quickly so this is actually perfect for him.
The navy color is really gorgeous - it's a lot prettier and richer in person. It's a bit hard to get the wrinkles out of them, but they're nice and heavy and great quality for the price.
The material seems durable and it fit my chairs well. However, the garter clip at the bottom did not line up properly so the garter is twisted. It does not affect the function nor is it visible unless you turn the chair upside down, but they need to improve their quality control.
Not the *highest* quality washi tape, but definitely cute and its narrow dimensions lend itself to be used as borders in my planner between the weekdays and weekends. Looks great!
Cute frame. I didn't realize this didn't come with the paints or kit but I had some leftover acrylic paints and made the craft thingy anyway. Honestly the paint isn't worth fifteen bucks. But if I were buying it as a gift I might want the whole thing.
Very nice, do not come with filling or actual pillows
Very cute. Great wedding gift. Doesn't look cheap or flimsy.
I love the design but not happy that I had to spend more money to transfer on a board to keep it straight
Works as good as any.
overall really good!
I got this for my mother-in-law who lives in our upstairs apartment. She loves it for bringing up her groceries. I wish the wheels were rubber not plastic but they work fine so far I just don't know if they will last on the gravel driveway.
It does work well. Thin and can feel the wires but still functional. My daughter loves it on her bed.
My diet, my training and lifestyle is up to par. This is a nice addition to stretch out my buldging disk. I use this first and then my inversion table. Thanks
It works well. No issues. We smoke & live in RV. I use fan as an exhaust in one of the windows being able to close off the rest of the window with sun barrier.
Colors are just as vibrant as in the picture. My daughter was very pleased with her gift.
drawers are hard but looks nice
I got these for my daughter for her birthday, and she really loves them. They are easy to use and make cupcakes extra cute. They are a little hard to get clean, but over all we are happy with this product.
I love the feeling of this mat. We purchased two in different colors and the colors are bright and nice. But after about a year, one mat's filling broke apart while washing and drying so I purchased the same mat again. I think the mat is dryer safe ... Not sure what happened.
These are really nice! The cabochons fit in snugly. Wish there were more per order and also gold color available.
Great replacement for my worn ones
Functions as intended but the arms do not like to stay put. Heavy duty Velcro would probably improve functionality.
What is there to say, they fit my vac as they should and appear to be genuine Hoover parts.
I like the fact that is a multi pack it fits my vacuum very well.
Very nice pillow covers for the price. Very tight fit for the 18" pillow, but I think 20" would have been too large and sloppy. After the workout, getting the covers on, they look great. Would never know they are just covers.
We really like this bedspread. It's a King size, so it drapes over all sides of the bed, and allows room so if one of us rolls into it, the other still has cover. The color and pattern are really lovely. It was rigid when we first put it on the bed, but after washing, it's softened up nicely. We are happy with this purchase. Thank you!
It's good tape - I use it for mending tears in old maps. It is not quite transparent, more like translucent, but text is visible through it. I had a really hard time learning how to get it off the release paper, but now it's easy to do. The trick is to be sure you're using your fingernail on the 'rough' side, not the smooth side.
I ordered and received my challenge coin display before expected. The item was packaged appropriately to protect it during transit. Looks great! The display is well balanced on my shelf and seems well crafted. One minor issue is that the slots on each tier are slightly too narrow for some of the larger and thicker coins by about 1/8" inch so they don't quite display like the others but lean against the back.
These are nice and sticky, and get the job done. If you can get them to lie flat, whatever you are trying to stick will also lie flat. However, I did find it a bit difficult not to roll the sides of them when transferring onto whatever surface I wanted to stick. It is a little easier if you use one of those little dispensers that lies them out for you, but this will do in a pinch. It wasn't enough to deter me from using, and I would repurchase. They're easy to remove but have good lasting power. Overall, a quality product.
I keep buying meat thermometers because they: 1) break, or 2) give me a reading I can't trust. I'm from the school of "I can tell the doneness of meat by how much it springs back when I press on it" so the thermometer is just a backup. I like this thermometer although I have to admit that I have yet to use it ... I'm using sous vide much more today so grilling and roasting has taken a backseat to the water bath ....
Not very big jar for the price. Mod podge works as well and is cheaper
Projection clocks are nice to have. Once you have one, you'll miss it when it's not around. Easy to use and has indoor and outdoor temp readouts.
Sturdy and nice. Zipper sticks a little
This works as directed for removing resin castings from their molds. I gave this 4 stars because it left a haze on the coasters I made.
My fault. Didn't read the reviews. Definitely a fishy smell. Good material and seem sturdy, but definitely fishy. Only time will tell if it passes.
This is a good memory foam travel neck pillow. My wife likes it more than me. For me I wish the support in the back of the neck was bit broader. Besides that it is a nice and convinient travel pillow with good support.
each has a very distinct personality and I liked them very much
Fits perfectly right next to my wall and toilet. Holds a lot of magazine and a few books.
Just received them today was quick shipping. They're nice and heavy just worried that the crystal might fall off from the base as I don't see how they are attached; other than glued. I will update to let others know how they hold up if I have time.In the picture they appear larger than they actually were which is fine. As for the price I thought they wouldn't be this high of quality. It's very transitional and looks good with many decor. Mine came with 24 I thought I was supposed to have 25 took off a point for that?
These are nice so far I've only had them two weeks I hope they remain that way
My son seems to really enjoy them.
Looks exactly like the picture shown. Heats up my office room pretty quickly and has temperature control, therefore, shuts off when gets heated too much. The high heat setting works well as well.
I'm using this for diamond painting. I really like this stand despite it being on the smaller size. It's sturdy and doesn't tip. The all metal design is durable and easy to fold up. I like how you can adjust it, so helpful! I also like how in each corner there's a grip and the small slot (kind of a tight squeeze) at the bottom so your light board won't slip off.
Too much sheet for the mattress
I bought this for my golf locker. It fits perfectly with a link title space on one side. A pair of shoes fit on the top. The slide drawer is quite useful. Another shelve on top would make this perfect.
Bought to use on rubberized groove around my stovetop, where crumbs cling. It works well for this purpose. Limited power, but the tiny size is good for small spaces.
It s nice. Warm and soft. Good for price. But you need a duvet cover for it.
good product! purchased in 2016 and still using it.
Love these pens enough to buy a full pack! Only reason for a 4 Star is because the ink is blue not black! Even the box they came in says Black ink but it clearly blue!
I love this scent. I wish it lasted longer but it really is so very nice that I'll just need to reapply it.
Overall they were great. Kids loved them and the variety. They will look better when I get them embroidered. I only gave 4 cause out of the 3 packs that I bought one of the hooks was broke. Which isn't bad. Could have been worst.
Be gentle with installing, don't pull too tight it may rip
I had been having trouble finding room darkening curtains for the master bedroom in my new house, finding matching/compatible colors has been difficult. These worked beautifully, slept the frst night in the room last night. The fabric is soft and pliable despite the black backing, and the color is very nice, true to the online image which is not always the case, hence my 3rd set of curtains!.
Great quality for a reasonable price. I used this at a baby shower I hosted and everyone was impressed! SO pretty!!
Great blackout curtains. The burgundy is more on the purple side than the red, which was frustrating since the color in the photo is what I was looking for. But the blackout quality is great.
Loved it except for all the string that shows. I see it also shows in the picture but I had not noticed it. This was a gift for my grandson and he is happy with it! Thanks!
These pillows came vacuum packed and when I opened them they blossomed into pillows. I have 20 inch pillow covers and I ordered 22 inch pillows which were a good fit. These have an inexpensive cover but the filling is soft and comfortable. If you want a true cotton cover you will have to pay at least this much for one pillow. I am happy with the product and bought from this company because it said made in the USA.
Love it, my daughter looks so cute in it.
The word "chipboard" is a little misleading. I was expecting lightweight wooden letters and they were actually heavy cardboard. Still worked for what I was doing. Perhaps an explanation is needed?
I thought I wouldn't get it but It finally got here. For the price, I'm happy.
Cute but leaked a little.
Lot of power for the price
The instructions should be more in depth, for people new to sewing. I have been seeing all my life, so I everything is self explanatory. I really love this set! I have always made my own bias tape, these just save my fingers. (being burned) lol.
Nice for times when you don't want to carry a bag around. Fits my phone, headphones, cash, cards, and some chapstick and keys.
A lot thinner then pictured but still nice
worked well, Won't stand up without help
I recently purchased this item and I am happy to say that I am more than happy with the outcome. This piece is very soft, has a decent grip on my hard wood floors and seems durable. If your looking for a stronger non slip then this is not for you. I have to adjust it here and there. But over all it's a good quality.
I am not sure how long it will last . Everyone loved the tree though.I had to stuff cardboard in the hole so it would fit tree .I didn't like that I had to keep messing with it every week .
Very nice and soft. However so HOT. And it ripped after one use with dogs jumping on the bed. I would not recommend for pet friendly beds
Overall, this is a very nice set for the price. I can see the wick trimmer losing some of its sharpness over time, especially if you light/trim candles daily. For the occasional user, it is a great bargain.
I was very surprised at the weight of this quilt. It will keep you warm in the winter for sure. Very nice quality for the price!
Very pretty, clear lines and good fabric. I just wish it came in a larger size
Cute ornament! Came on time and just as pictured. Wish it could be order personalized- there is room around the edge to write names. Hard to find an ornament for expecting couple that is it just too cutesy stupid. This fit the bill and the recipients were very excited!
This is a good product. It works better then your average pillow! I would recommend this product.
It's not quite as full as it appears in the photo, but I really like it. Looks good, great price
If you want the look like the advertisement photo, you gotta buy more. It is very thin layer of foil. So, it wont cover the background 100%. i would use two layers of this and make it look better.
Super easy to use and store. Interesting to see how big they get, great for decorations in vases, and more.
good heater keeps large 4 car garage shop warm.
Easy to put together and fairly sturdy as well!
Tape was strong, only issue was that there isn't as much tape on the roll as the non themed rolls
I put these in the widows for Christmas. They go on for 6 hours. Dimmer than I would like but still ok
The spools of thread have no starter thread sticking out, I pretty much ruined my black thread trying to start it. The only one with a loose thread is the white. How can i use these others with no starter thread, which all 22 others???
My husband really likes his gift.
Good product. I like it so much. The only thing is that.... there is not any cup for the water inside.
Looks great on the tree.
Okay product. The lids don't fit perfectly into the bottom parts. So when we use the pump for soap sometimes the lid pops right off. The trash can is a little smaller than I was expecting too. But overall good for a spare bathroom just to fill it up
clock didnt work after couple of months. But received the part and now it works. Great customer service from the seller.
I bought this for my bathroom closet to put face cloths and little things like socks and diapers for when I give my baby a bath but a shoe would not fit in these if that's what you want it for, it's very Tight
they are a bit pricey for some projects pretty just the same!
Needed something simple and decorative, and this did the trick 👍🏼
Good little fan, helps keep the wife cool at night.
Purchased as a gift for an animal lover child.
Nice ribbon altho i have not used it yet
wished a book would of came with this. i can go on a site and google the exercises for this so im okay with this. the rope is a little tight and Im 5'4 but maybe after time stretching it out will stretch it out some.
I bought this to hang boots on, I ran out of room in my closet. (See pic) It's pretty lightweight but so far, so good. Very easy to assemble, took about 15 minutes with a rubber mallet. I'm happy with it.
I like the ease of use of this cleaner. There is only 1 button to operate and 1 lever to pull to dispense water/cleaner. It sucks well and does a good job of cleaning up stains as well as whole carpets. It is a smaller unit so with that the tank doesn't hold a lot of water. That to me is the only downside. Unit must be emptied and refilled often if there is a larger area to clean but it is easy to do and isn't a deal breaker for the price and compactness of the machine.
I was so excited about this product and was over the top happy it was delivered earlier than predicted. The packaging is BEAUTIFUL but there was zero scent. Zero scent even after an hour of burning. How discouraging. I thought I had found the solution for teacher, family, and co worker Christmas gifts. Update. This company has wonderdul customer service. Extremely professional. Will continue to purchase their product thanks to their top notch attention !
I bought this to give each candle to each of my employees! Smells great!!! Very cute little candles!!!
Good quality. It is a little large, and I have to tuck it under the mattress to keep it from dragging.The drop is 12 inches, so that isn't the problem. It is a bit wider than the box. I still like it.
Nice size thread! Easy to work with.
Good quality. Packaged well so product did not break during delivery.
These are not black, they are brown. Functionality is great, just don't like the color.
Beautiful, but the window effect is a little cheesy. Used it in our kids little playroom that used to be a storage space.
This is a good sweeper. The only drawback is there is no long hose to use on vinyl flooring or a large brush head. So, you can use the short 3 foot hose and try to maneuver the sweeper as close as possible to where you are working, but it's a pain. I've tried to get a hose at the vacuum shop and none fit it. But it is lighter than my Hoover Wind Tunnel and a little smaller so I can get it between tight spots better. And I can put it on a setting that enables me to vacuum over heavy rugs.
My kid loved it! is really soft and lightweight, and stars charge lasts quite long.
These are great for my journal. Some of them are too small to fit my smallest point pens. I will try felt tip. The case is a bonus! My children even use them to doodle.
These sheets feel awesome; the only thing I want everyone to know is that the colors listed are not the color you will get (except maybe white). I ordered blue at first, and they were a dark, dingy almost olive green; I returned them and ordered light blue, which is truly a seafoam green. So beware of the colors if that's important to you. Otherwise, I have a fat, pillow top mattress that has a foam topper so I needed really deep pockets and these fit nicely.
I was very please with the outcome, super soft curls. There was no need to detangle my hair after steaming it. I wish I could adjust the hood downward but it still worked.
Worked like a charm on my aches and pains! Much more powerful than I expected, which is great. Felt great afterward and even better after a night's rest. It really works.
I really like this thing... it's great if you point the fans at your ears. Cools me down very quickly. However, my only negative bit is how you turn it on/off. There is only one, very hard-to-locate button. There should be a separate on/off switch. Anyway, you hold it down for a few seconds to turn it on/off, and tap it when it's on to change the fan speed. So by the time I locate the button, hold it down, and then toggle to the highest setting (which should be the default, btw. WTF were they thinking??)... it feels like a long time and real hassle to get the damn fans actually moving how I want. Once they're moving, it's great.
I bought the plant for the large leaf and used it as an accent piece in a bedroom. It comes in a rather small pot, so I placed it in an attractive taller planter, sat it on something to raise it up and covered the top of the pot with dry moss. That gave me the height I wanted. The leaves can be adjusted and the stems bend a bit. Good piece for the money.
Sturdier than I thought it would be and looks very nice. Assembly was pretty simple, too. I wear a women's size 8, so not a really huge foot, but I only can fit about 23 pairs of shoes on it. Also, my tall boots have to go on top shelf and don't fit on those made for boots. Hiking and snow boots do fit in those sections, though. Very nice, I wish I could build a second on top.
Good clock worth 10 bucks
Looks a little cheap, but not bad for the price.
Love these. They work so well. Easy to clean.
This is a cute addition for our kitchen remodel. We had gray and off white tones and this matches great on the walls. It would be perfect for any room in the house especially a living room or nursery. Rustic and shabby chic; I really enjoyed it. Of course, Amazon delivery was quick and easy. To spruce up a space, go for it.
didn't really have a "clean" smell to it but again you are using a better chemical on your carpet vs. the ones with tons of cancer causing chemicals in it.. it worked well, it did soap up, but I only use "green" products in my home so i'm happy with this product
Smaller than pictured
Wished it was softer. I like the colors. Crocheted a prayer shawl.
matched panels was very happy for that
You definitely need two people to put this together in the beginning if not the whole way to help keep it sturdy during the process. the little clips that you put on to help the shelf stay in place are very annoying in that they don't stay in place very well as you are putting the shelf on. Many times they fell off as we were setting the shelf on so we had to scramble to get it off the floor and put back together on the rod. With that said, this is a very sturdy shelving unit once you get it put together and we did flip a couple of the shelves upside down to create that lip for particular items being stored on the shelf. I had to give it a 4 star solely on the fact that it was a slight pain to get together with the little clips and that we had to use a rubber mallet to get the shelves even, as they don't go over the clips evenly. Will probably order another one like this because of how sturdy it is, but not looking forward to assembly process!
So super soft! Never felt any wash clothes as soft, and they hold up nicely in wash. I use for my toddler, who tends to have sensitive and dry type skin, and wish I found them sooner! I wash with delicates and they look brand new still after 6 or more uses/washes.
I am giving this four stars because it will be difficult to follow. Their colored version is smarter but less generations. This is the only chart I found that covers this many generations.
I loved these but be aware there are not many stems. If you're looking to fill a full vase you may need to place 3 orders.
Does work or stay as hot off the cord
I wanted something to hang over my stove, and since its a small area, I thought I wanted a small sign. This sign works well in a grouping, but ended up being too small alone for the spot I wanted.
I'm giving 4 and not 5 because it arrived damaged. I'd return it, but where I have it, not many will see it. I'll just live with it.
I put these lights around my wife's vanity mirror. If you're using the stickies, do yourself a favor and just completely remove the suction cups. Trust me. Otherwise they work well and she loves them. -1 star for unnecessary suction cup battle.
Make sure that you replace both cord that go into the same hole otherwise, it would not latch
It's super soft for a weighted blanket. Daughter loves it. I'm concerned about washing it though.
Haven't really tried out the chairs but I am excited to sit back and relax with the cup holder at my side :)
I really like the colors of this shower curtain, the only bad part about it is the cheap rings it comes with, the shower curtain tends to fall off of them on the ends a lot but, I suggest purchase some of your own. Other than that is is a nice shower curtain.
My opinion on the air purifier has change I realize that I was using the air purifier in the wrong room and the company was so nice to help me with the situation and has made everything so much better Im completely satisfied with the customer service I received from them
Thought I was buying pillows not just the covers :(
I bought these cute cat coasters as a birthday gift for my mother who is kind of a crazy cat lady. She loved them so much she made me order her another set. They are pretty cute. Very thin, but seem durable. Easy to clean. They kind of grip the table so you don't have to worry about them sliding around.
So far so good except brightness and it is slightly blue.
This pillow form is required for a crochet cover.
Nothing special, but will certainly handle household use.
It does what a mannequin is supposed to do. I am pleased with the purchase.
Just what I needed for my Shark Rotator Pro Lift-Away. Time will tell how these hold up, but they fit great.
Great mattress topper - not super pillowy but great if you already have a mattress that you like.
Nice fleece material with good savings. Would def buy again. The price even beat out big chain stores. Making a dog coat with the material.
They look lovely in a tall vase in our new office.
It as easy to assemble but it is a bit wobbly. It will get the job done though!
Need to give it time to thoroughly heat up. Don't really care for the slotted metal guide but maybe that is just me.
Overall I loved my purchase. Just a little concerned about the grip on the floor.
It was smaller than pictured and smaller in weight than 1/2lb but it is a large piece and I love it. It arrived early and was wrapped in up bubble wrap in a mailing envelope undamaged. .
Fit her bassinet perfectly
Three of my candles have timers that don't work. They stay on until I turn them off. I just started using them yesterday and one of the lights is already very dim. The others are working fine so far.
I think these are good for the price. They were very sheer, much more than I anticipated, and so I deducted a star for my personal preference. Good price, and they shipped very quickly!
This is a great way to save space and have a small seat. We only got one support bar though and should have two. How do I request a second one be sent? Overall I really like this item and was a good purchase! (=
It's good but the drawers are exactly super secure
Pretty thin comforter but looks really good in our bedroom. We use for looks, not ideal for keeping you warm.
The first item came missing the bird on the angels arm. They sent out a new one right away and I received it quickly. Am happy with the ornament, but have to find time to return the damaged one now.
first...no complaints about product nor shipper. i understand this is flimsy and i bought it for medical supplies and the shipper has been great with replacement. initial purchase arrived with top drawer broke ( left pic above). replacement was received with drawer broke in same place. i dont want to return either now because of hassle for me to ship this back but i cant find who to contact to discuss this. i am hoping they see this and contact me.
Alittle flimsy but does exactly what I need it for. Would be perfect if I could adjust the sweeping motion.
Love the color, toast did burn once , set it on 3 for normal toast 💕
loved it for my fireplace with my wooden ships
Shipping was in-time, and is just what I was looking for. Soft and light weighted, lovely patterns. Accurate sizing, fit the bed perfectly.
Item works as described. Paid for one day/express shipping. Ordered on a Saturday and received on a Wednesday. Don't waste your money on express shipping. No refunds either.
I really love these Markers, I'm fairly new to alcohol markers and learning how to use these is so fun. I have gotten such clear color from them and the brush nib gets into those hard to reach places. Blending is so smooth. Will definitely buy again!
It's a very comfortable pillow.
Great gift, the receiver loved it and place it in a place of prominence within his home. Very high quality.
These seem to be all different strengths. I have one that is SO BRIGHT, and others that are a nice soft glow. Beyond that I like them but a little weird that they are not all the same brightness.
The bags are great. Purchased them to wash all my baby's clothing. The undergarment case fell apart in the first wash though.
I bought this for an office. It is loud but does the job.
This candle smells amazing! Wild lemongrass isn't to strong, but just right. Smells citrusy with a hint of sweet, which makes the room smell fresh! I like how the container is modern and simple. I want more! Would've given 5 stars, wish it would've been a little larger since I like it so much.
I really like this product!! I bought two sets. This one, and also one set in oil rubbed bronze. Both sets seem like they are good quality and roll easily across the shower rods. This set, however, only came with 11 hooks. The package did not appear damaged or like the product had been repackaged, but there were truly only 11 hooks. Certainly only a minor inconvenience, but the company quality control may be an issue.
Fits the model as advertised. On the expensive side, though.
woks great if you double them for a big cake!
It's not super soft but it is super cute. My daughter doesn't seem to mind how it feels.
** Update ** I've received the new lids and these containers are great now that the lids stay on. I use them for lunch and they fit perfectly in my lunch box .. thanks Natalie! :) The lids will not stay on from the very first time I used them. Very disappointed!
I've used it 3 or 4 times and no complaints. Does the job. Great price.
Friend referred me to these sheets so far they have washed well
This duvet is super soft to the touch. My comforter was easy to insert and close. This shade of gray just easily blends into all decor in my room. Very good purchase at a reasonable price.
I found the hangers a little light weight for my heavier items, but they are perfect for tops and especially sleeveless tops that can tend to slide off lots of hangers
Husband bought for me and it makes me happy! Don't like strong perfumes and this is perfect.
Good looking piece - a bit on the thinner side though.
I bought this for my niece's birthday. She really likes horses and is in the Bible bowl at church. She really liked getting this and other things for her birthday. I read previous reviews and it should be noted that this is not a large item, so please review size specifications.
I liked the color best. These are extremely difficult to handle. Should have known when I saw %age of discount.
Looks great but very light weight material and I had to reglue the end caps back on after received, regardless not too bad for the price.
Product great, box was trashed, no air bubbles to protect product from trashing around in package box, luckily doesn't appear to be damaged as it's a gift.
They are pretty, but mine arrived cracked. I returned them and the return process was simple, just a pain since they were heavy. They appeared to be well packaged though with foam all around.. we've been having issues with our delivery person breaking everything and damaging packages, so I do not fault the company.
Easy to assemble (careful not to turn the screws too tight, I cracked one of the shelves), very sturdy. It looks nice for a put-together shelf, although it's more utilitarian than decorative. Sturdy, does not wobble. Fits both Bordeaux (Merlot / Cabernet) and Burgundy (Pinot Noir / Chardonnay) bottles with ease.
Good quality paper for the price. I would buy it again in the future.
I thought this blanket would be bigger, but I accidentally ordered the small. Still, my cat seems to like it, and it is very soft. I just wish I had noticed how small it is!
It was a gift, no issues
Kinda cheap but better than looking at a blank tank wall. The best surprise was that it was two sided.
These hold up nicely, but are too big for most organizers. Found other uses for them though.
Toddler son loves his truck sheets. The only complaint is that the sheets themselves are fairly stiff and not great quality. Probably acceptable for a toddler who is potty training and likely to have accidents, but for a slightly older child, it might be worth the expense to get slightly better sheets.
Well built rotating tree stand, with two adapters to ensure your tree is secured. I've only used for one Christmas tree season, so unsure about durability; I paint roughly $50 for this, and while it seemed over priced, I got it anyhow, because the connection on my old one stopped lighting my tree - this tree stand is metal, and appears much more durable than the last. Happy with my purchase.
I love the color and they are great.
I am a quilter and the precut fabrics make the projects much easier for me as I have developed arthritis in both hands and I don't have to cut as much material, have ordered thru this company before good quality product.
Just a little to flimsy for dusty wood shutters.
Cord worked well for leather bracelets for girls camp, but I ended up being shorted almost 7 yards. Guess they figure no one uses the whole roll. Well I did and it wasn't the full 100 yards. Called customer service and they sent me an additional roll free. Thanks Amazon for correcting that.
would have loved the Ivory to be the nice buttery beige that was shown in picture. It is more of a white which is ok and "good enough". But would have been wonderful to be the nice warm buttery color! But it is good quality. Not slip. and nice and plush. So overall am happy w/ my purchase.
This blanket looks great and so soft but it is hard to clean Have to wash it like twice to get out all of the dirty have to wash it like twice
I have been doing ornaments to sell and these have been a success they are beautiful, however, I was about to make the last one and I noticed it's broke!!!! I can't sell this one and I feel so frustrated because its not just broke but deformed. :(
It cleaned more thoroughly compared to brushing the shoes by hand. Less effort for me but the shoes are cleaner with this. This is without a doubt a very good shoe cleaner.
To small, but did the work
I thought this was a two sets of curtains but it is only a pair. Does not completely block out light like it says, but it blocks out most of the light . Great quality and look for the price. I would recommend this product.
Heavy duty knife that will take some practice to use efficiently. Not as sharp as I thought it would be, but was improved with some honing. Will continue to work with it.
I needed a case and saw this for a good price. It's very solid and the sponge on the bottom does a fair job of maintain a good humidity level, which I didn't expect it to do very well at all so it was a pleasant surprise. I've dropped it dozens of times and the plastic has yet to crack.
Good product BUT the color is not as advertised... it is not brown at all... it is gray. Disappointing!
Nice design, they add a little color to my bedroom. I prefer cotton, that's why I gave 4 stars, but overall, I am very happy with my purchase.
Great item. No material defects and arrived in great shape. Drawers were a little tight but some bees wax fixed it right up. Recommend it highly.
Great modern looking rods. Easy to install. Note that the bronze is very dark. I first thought they shipped me the incorrect color (black) Wished they were a bit lighter, but I kept them anyways because they worked in the color scheme.
Loved how they feel and so far they are holding up well. I really like how many pillowcases came with the set
This is my go to resin. It's a little more pricier than other brands, but it's crystal clear and doesn't yellow. I use sunlight to cure instead of a Uv light.
A little narrower than I thought it would be but overall very happy with it
Perfect for what I needed. Color was exactly right.
Great for graphite drawing, maybe just a little bigger than I would like
I love the look and it works great... as long as I monitor it. I have this on my desk at work and it is very attractive, completely silent, small, easy to use and the mist has put a stop to my dry cough from low humidity due to the building heat in winter. BUT, for some reason after three days of use water has started accumulating on the top. About every 2 or 3 minutes I have to wipe it off or the water will build up to a point where the mist can't get out.
The storage bags are ok although not my first idea Of what I wanted. I think these will be fine. I needed storage for under bed so cat will have to go elsewhere. Lol.
I wish it was a little bit more sturdy like the picture - but my son like it!
Bought this for my 8 year old daughter and she loves it! Well made and keeps my daughter warm. Great for play and snuggling.
The more design experience you have with various programs, the easier the machine. It takes a lot of time on You Tube to learn how to do what you want to do, but it's worth the effort. I very much doubt that a true newby in design would be able to figure it out. I had no problems getting it up and running. I can't understand why anyone would want to pay the extra dollars for Scan N Cut, unless most of your cutting is with preprinted sheets of paper. I haven't used capture yet.
I purchased this box because I have 12 grandchildren and there is always one of them visiting grandma. I thought it was a good idea to lock up the medication since I'm not as quick as they are. Lol ! Nice little box, however, the lid needs to be locked to keep it closed . Not a big problem but an extra latch would've been nice. I learned this the hard way. Very useful !
I bought this as a gift for a family member. He reports it works fine.
My kids are 6 and 8 and these work perfectly. As others have mentioned, most kids hangers are too small and adult hangers are too big. I was lucky and bought these at around $11.99 but they have now gone up to 19.99. I want to buy more but will not buy them at this price point.
The price is great. It came packaged nicely. But a few of the hoops are warped and don't fully close/touch the hoops. There's slight gapping. But 9 of 12 are fine so I'm content.
have used this product before.
very pretty colors and patterns
My daughter loved it! It was a birthday gift
It is a lovely tree, but it is not even 6 feet tall. Several of the little branches fell off while unfolding it. Was it value for the money - YES.
These molds are great....except I was not able to get a smooth edge on the top of the mold where I injected the resin.
Slide the top section off in the direction of the arrow; DO NOT attempt to pull it straight up> it's a 'no go'. Removing the cap to the battery compartment is a challenge. It is supposed to slide off. Plastic on plastic makes very difficult. I used one of my thin blades to pry it part way open. Then it lifts up vertically. I used a small bit of petroleum jelly on the battery case hooks and it is MUCH easier open the battery case. Unit, powered by 4 'C' batteries, speeds ties along rapidly. Packaging with the Styrofoam is a #6 and recyclable in my area, so an environmental plus. Overall, worth the $ and performs well.
It is my fault i did not catch the "wide mouth" but with that being said I gave the 4 stars because it is hard to find a pint jar wide mouth. Not the products fault but did not work for me and I will now have to purchase a wide mouth pint jar. I cannot attest to the sturdiness or durability because I could not use. You cannot use a quart jar as the toothbrushes are not tall enough & would fall through.
Amazingly fluffy & soft. I love it! I slept so much better the first night cuddled to mt new body pillow.
Great towel rack. Swings nice. Nice addition for small space.
These filters were very competitively priced and easy to get delivered thru amazon Prime.
Super cute. Not holding up very well to multiple washes. Comfy and fun.
Regular travel pillows don't support my giant noggin when I'm sleeping on an overnight flight. I end up bobbing forward, waking up repeatedly. I was super pleased the Ostrich Go could handle the massive melon, and I had a good sleep (considering the rest of the conditions). My only complaint is that my neck got a bit hot and sweaty.
We expected this curtain to be waterproof so didn't put a liner under it but first time we used it, got water all over the bathroom floor so we added a liner. It's beautiful, bright and cheerful and looks great in our guest bath. Picture is great!
I used this to put the bottom of my split king together. It does a decent job, wish it was a bit stronger though.
I wish it was a little bigger. I really love this stamp though. I think it was worth every penny spent. With practice I am able to stamp on my metal very nicely. Basically practice 10 times as it's hard one to get right but once you figure it out it's easy!
i love my shelves but i didnt receive the screws now im left with trying to figure out the sizes
It fix perfectly great fabric, made well
Bags are a little smaller than I'd like; however, it serves it's purpose for keeping clothes separate.
Very good size (larger than I expected) and the material seems sturdy. It would be nice if there was a little bit more support. Still does the job though!
Couldn't get the foam rollers to stay in the couch, but it is soft and keeps our couch cleaner with 4 kids. I'm happy with purchase mostly because it's comfortable and the color sage matched our decor.
I thought the ivory color would be lighter. I also thought the stitching would be more gold than it is. I think I should have ordered it in gray.
Does slowly leak air. I refill weekly. Great purchase overall
Came broken. We glued it together but it would've been nice if it came as pictured.
Shipped quickly. Works as advertised
I'm not sure why but I was surprised that I would have to organize the box (which doesn't fit one presser foot per slot). It was time consuming to match up the foot from the picture and description in the manual. I also ended up buying another storage box at the craft store so I could label each individual slot with the name and foot. I'm happy to report I've used a few feet already and they're making my projects easier. Having the right tools to do the job always helps!
I really liked the color and texture of these chair covers. Some of the covers came with rips/tears, and had to request replacement. Also, they all fit differently on my chairs, so Each chair has different coverage.
I'm in love with this, this will be perfect for Nursing School but I only gave 4 stars because the rings should be bigger from the box and I feel you shouldn't haft to buy bigger rings since you haft to buy all the add ins!
Great towels very soft but also drys quick
This strip is well made and easy to work with.
Does it job but material is crappy, and thin. I it really looks thicker in the picture
Well made. Quick delivery
Works great for preserving watercolor works of art.
Only holds 10 cans and does not allow the cans to roll to the front when only on bottom "shelf" due top low downward angle on lower shelf.
This is a good quality curtain,
I bought this 2.5 years ago for $8 on Amazon as a replacement for a prior OXO soap dispenser that didn't work out too well. I had the big button soap dispenser and went through 2 replacements before I decided to find an alternative. For the price, it's held up, though within the last month it's started to crack around the rim. I try not to tighten the lid too tightly, but I think it's not well made. Honestly, for a $8 soap dispenser to last almost 3 years I'm not too disappointed. I'm going to order another one and hope that it holds up just as long as the first one.
My husband fell in love with his pillow but it took me a little longer. You can adjust the thickness. Good queen size.
A little pricey for the size, hopefully they will last the full 40 hr burn time! Love the scents, very natural smells.
I like the fact that this hamper is durable and I use it for my clothing
This works well to help organize cosmetics and jewelry, particularly given limited storage space in the bathroom. It appears to be well made and is easy to stack, although the drawers can be a tad sticky. I am using the bottom three tiers on my dresser, to store jewelry, and the top levels in the bathroom, to store cosmetics. I like the versatility that you can separate the pieces and stack them as necessary Why four stars instead of five? I wish it were a little larger, and I wish that there were deeper compartments on the top for storing brushes and pencil eye and lip liners.
Was happy to be able to purchase this online as all my store locally were out . Paper was good quality
given the heatwave we have had in N.Ca recently we are very glad that we bought this a/c unit ... we use it in our bedroom and it manages to cool it to around 68 in 90's ... the unit is neither inconspicuous nor that quiet however it does COOL!
Definitely a lot smaller than expected like other reviews say but looks just like the pictures otherwise. Only weird part is I got a box of four of them...didn't see that anywhere in the description.
Vibrant colors, good size, good quality, no snags. The adhesion isnt great, specifically on the angled parts of DK, so I used red thread to sew it onto my son's jacket. Even with poor adhesion, the patch is worth it.
These sheets are great for the price. I prefer crisp cotton sheets and these are more smooth but still super comfortable. Would recommend
Sheets are soft and comfortable but the pillowcases are too narrow for our pillows so unusable!
I like how easy the fan was to unbox and set up. The fan is powerful on the med and high speeds. In my opinion the fan noise level on low speed is great, but on med and high the noise level is too much for me at work.
works very well, haven't used all the features but love the steam button.
Only thing that I didn't like was that it was plain white on reverse side, but easy to double them up.
Good so far, I didn't realize it would need a cover. Didn't realize it was a colored duvet. I was just looking for a warm comforter for camping. Not worry about it getting beat up. We will see how it holds up over time.... It kept me worm.
Didn't work, returned. EDIT Seller is great at communication and emailed me to offer another one. Thanks!
Great trash can but pretty expensive. The pedal/butterfly top make it so my dog can't get into it. Changing the trash bags is a pain and you have to tie it off in a knot unless you buy their brand.
Overall a very good vacuum but it's a little heavy.
They work great, but I wish I can reuse then. They give real hard time lighting it again after one use.
Nice hand carved wood.Brother in law got it for a Xmas gift.thought it was neat.
It's a little softer then I had hoped but it's very good quality. Seems well made and great value for 2 pillows. Would definitely recommend it to others. I got them in king size.
I really like the look of this. The size is less square than I thought it would be but I didn't really read the description. It came in a plastic bag and when I opened it the smell was strong. I'm not sure what the smell is. Dye? Packaging? It is currently airing out in hopes the smell will calm down. *its been over a week and this still has a significant chemical/due smell to it.
Not really worth the price..but the quality is okay.
Very nice make up case for the price, have had for almost a year and have had no issues.
My friend's birthday is in a few days and I ordered this for her since NCT Is her favorite Kpop group. These cards were smaller than I expected but honestly I'm still content with the purchase.
I love this product, but my T-shirt left a stain on the pad, which is causing it to stain other shirts. The heating pad is great, but would recommend using a cloth over top of it as well.
As expected does the job.
Works just as intended. I mostly use the very small ones to clean out my vape, but that also means that even the tiny ones, the wire is sort of too big still. I'm not sure what solution there would be for this bc even steel wire probably wouldnt be enough so, four stars it is.
Smaller than I expected but I didn't look at the measurements before I bought it either. It's a good quality pillow and the lettering is nice. I'm happy I got it earlier than expected as well.
I love these stickers but one or two of them where a misprint,that means there was one were the sticker was off center or had less colour then the picture.
Well made and works as expected.
Im only giving it 4 stars as the sensor is a bit confusing but this things works great. i'd buy again
I like the look of these. Not as bright as I'd like them to be, but it's more about location (mine are up high). The remote is very handy but the battery died in it after about a month. I don't turn them in every day.
Took 5 minutes to put together, it's cheaply made and its easy to tell. It, however, is a cheap laundry sorting solution. Just got it put it together and I hope it lasts.
A little wobbly but you get what you pay for. Easy to put together. I have to be careful when taking shoes off of it so I do not knock it over.
This is a huge roll of HTV that comes in a plastic storage tube so it's easy to store and use. It's a matte finish, but easy to figure out which side to cut because you have to remove the protective film from it before cutting. I recommend using a deeper cut on this vinyl because on lighter settings it didn't cut all the way through consistently. The backing is sticky which helps when setting up your project to press. make sure to cold peel.
It can't cover all the odor but helps.
Perfect for my daughter's new Harry Potter themed bedroom.
It is small but that's exactly what I was looking for Used it to attach it to a picture frame easy to paint and stain .
Very soft blanket I use on the furniture for animals to snuggle up on. I've got 2 adult dogs and a 4 month old Vizsla who is chewing everything and he has yet to damage this nice blanket. Easy to throw in the washer and dryer for frequent cleaning!
Works for in between washer and dryer
These hangers are sturdy and thick. Glad I purchased them.
Sheds glitter so watch out for that part. Otherwise happy with it. Looks pretty.
Okay but i wish the head was wider. I'm doing a lot of back and forth strokes to cover an average kitchen floor. Picks up quite a bit of dust and crumbs though and that's what counts in the end. A good thing to have in your cleaning arsenal!
I live in Michigan so fall and winter can be pretty cold. It's comforting to know that when I crawl into bed at night it's already nice and warm! About 10 minutes before I go to bed I turn the mattress pad on. Feels so good on my aching body too. One thing I would change though is where the plug in point is for the mattress. It is on the top of the mattress at the foot of the bed, and sometimes in the night my foot hits the plug. Not a huge deal, but could be improved by putting it on the end of the bed but not on top of the mattress.
Awesome set of photo props for Shark Week. Strange selection for adherence with the glue dots though. Does require assembly. Might want to buy tape as well with this product.
YELLOW DRAGON: Works great with backflow cones and a nice piece of workmanship. The problem is with the hole of the incense stick holder. First its way to small. So far most of the sticks don't fit. To make them fit I need to shave the bottom with a knife. Second, the incense stick does not lean towards the head of the dragon head to catch the ashes as pictured, It sits straight up and down letting the ashes fall on my stand. This might just be a defect on my dragon incense burner and not on all. A good quality control should of caught these defects. But overall, its no big deal to spend a few seconds trimming the base of the incense stick, but the not leaning towards the dragon head can be a pain cleaning up the ashes off my table stand. I still like it since the flow of the smoke from the mouth of the dragon is hypnotic. Fast shipping is also a plus.
Good quality and beautiful product
I like the sheets but I just wish they were a few inches longer so I could tuck them in better at the bottom and fold some of the sheet over the blanket. The wash and dry very fast.
its easy to use and I like its ajustable height
This is the most comfortable air bed I have used, especially because it's up above the floor, and has a rim that keeps me in the center. I love the built in electric pump! I wish, however, that it has some sort of handle or grip that allows me to move it when it's blown up, and a way to secure a fitted bottom sheet and tuck in a blanket. Folding it after it is collapsed wasn't expecially hard, but it is bulky and for a normal sized person, requires a bit of wrestling to get it in the storage bag. Fortunately, the bag is bigger than the box it was shipped in.
3.5 stars - I like the pouches to hold various items, but there are too many extra-large elastic loops. It needs way more small loops for the variety of hook sizes. I have to double some up which is annoying. The material is durable.
Cover is very soft, seems to be good. Easy to put on. Just a little of the couch sticks out on the bottom, but not too bad. It's not beautiful, but it gets the job done. We are using it to cover our ugly, floral basement couch. It's a good value for the money, and our couch looks much better than before.
A little short, however convenient and nice. Needs to be about 4 inches longer.
Looks green in the picture on my computer screen, but when it arrived it was actually black. Not that big a deal, but I was kind of surprised it didn't exactly match the image on amazon. Anyway, seems like a sturdy dust pan and worked well on my first try.
these were as advertised and just what I needed
Inexpensive an it works. No
It's a nice shelf for the price, no complaints there, however it states it holds an Xbox One which is true but the Xbox hangs off the front about an inch or so, not really a problem as it seems to be secure enough but it doesn't look as neat as expected
Need for pants hangers was great. These were relatively inexpensive and seemed to be well made. I've only used for two weeks so am waiting to see about their durability.
Cool poster. The only thing is the colors are nowhere near as vibrant as in the photos, and that was a big reason I liked it so much. It's still cool though.
Came separated by colors in bags and were bent to fit inside, but the stems are durable and easily straightened or bent whichever way I needed. No snags or loose material and no exposed metal.
I bought this toilet paper holder to use with my crocheting. A smallish ball of yarn can be slipped onto the part that would normally go through the center of a roll of toilet paper. This allows the yarn to be worked without getting all tangled. I like the look of piece and, although it's not very heavy, it doesn't tip over. The only problem I found is that the cap on one of the two rods that attach the holder to the base (storage) section keeps falling off. This happens with only one of the two rods. I've tried tightening it finger-tight, but it always works itself loose and falls of. I suppose I could put a piece of tape around it or glue it in place, but I feel that should not be necessary. Other than that little quirk, it's a good product.
Very cute In a very good size
Hot Pink for my 11 yo daughter who loves the color and the purples in her room. They're surprisingly soft for the material and wash well.
A little smaller than I expected . Nice material though
This is a convenient luggage rack for my guest room. It is long enough for most suitcases and the cross-straps provide some extra support. Though it is called "heavy duty," it is fairly light weight and I'd be cautious about putting a really heavy suitcase on it. Likewise, I'm afraid it could collapse if the weight rested on the straps in the middle rather than on top of the two long railings. It folds easily so it's easy to store.
This is the first time that I purchased this brand of wax melts and I'm not sure if I will buy these again. The container for each scent is larger than I expected which is nice but it doesn't break easily into smaller pieces, it's not a big deal as it cuts easy with a knife. I like the different flavors but it doesn't give a strong enough smell to fill a room, it only smells nice within a few feet from where the warmer is. It does melt fast and it lasts a few days, I'm yet to find melts that will fill a room with it's lovely smell.
A little thicker aluminium foil than the last brand i had .
the holder was bent on the end, where cigarette goes. Not worth sending it back for a replacement
Replaced an old plunger that had seen better days!
We needed something to add a little softness to a very firm mattress in our RV. This rolled out of the package nicely and quickly fluffed up. It's comfortable and definitely adds the needed cushion that we were looking for. I would have rated it a 5 star if it came with a cover to hold it in place, it does slide around on the RV mattress a bit - not sure that would be an issue on a bed at home.
I liked these they were easy to use and were very durable.
I got the jacket for my son who is going to college in Flagstaff, AZ the jacket keeps him very warm but the first time he wore it, it ripped on the seam
for over the stove it is not really enough light unless you put maybe all 3 in a row...but excellent for over doors when walking into a dark room
it's a little hard to stitch from handheld to stand up ECT but it does work great
Very sturdy and beautiful design. I love how deep the compartments are. Perfect for all my flatware.
Expect rust from plastic covered legs.
This would have been beautiful. If I could have seen it whole. It arrived in pieces. Amazon in the US returned my money. I have reached out to the UK with no response. I went to purchase again and the price increased significantly.
Exactly what I was looking for, good quality envelopes.
Used for cleaning. Also worked well for wrinkled clothes.
Appears to have a nice long flame & starts easily with a constant-on feature!!!!! Has many additional uses --i.e. lighting candles,torches,minor welding,fire starting or anywhere a dependable & hot flame are needed.
I wish it was a little more stable. It is lightweight and more top heavy than I'd like. I wish it was taller. My 6'2” husband thinks it's too short
Very soft blanket. Much thinner than we anticipated. Do not expect any warmth from this blanket.
Very nice but very small, a few broken
The reason I purchased this book panel is because it is different from others I have seen.
This is a cool little gadget that will make mornings so much easier with my teenager -- he finally HAS to get out of bed to turn off his alarm. Comes in multiple colors, too!
My pregnant daughter sleeps with this pillow. She felt relief from pain in her back right away .
Bought this for diamond paintings. I think it will work great but someone said that it didn't come with the chord and it didn't. Probably shouldn't say it does in the description.
Price was nice! Walmart has this for almost $50! Fit my sofa pretty well overall gave it a nice new look
I used these in my living room I like them.
Got this for my girlfriend and she loves it. Just had to reset a connection once on the assembly. Also wish there was a waterproof lining I could get for it to help protect documents during transit
Fit the need of a quieter clock in our master bath.
UPDATE: After contacting Amazon, they contacted the company. The company's customer service contacted me and we managed to not only get me my refund, also a refund on the shipping cost. I didn't expect it over night, but it was in a timely manner. Thank you. It did not cool the room, I think my fan is stronger. After a day it started making a weird sound and the cooler would turn itself off after a minute. I really wanted this so I was extremely disappointed. My main issue is, I didn't change my mind and return it, it was defective and I still had to pay the shipping. I could understand if I simply didn't want it, it didn't work. I'll get my refund on the product but not the shipping so I'm out half the price I paid.
it arrived on time and was exactly as advertised.
this was delivered quickly and was easy to set up. did a great job reducing the humidity in our basement
They are nice once you frame them looks great in my office
Product lived up to the expectation of fitting my 7' tree completely within. My only gripe is that the bag itself is paper thin- I had to wrap the metal ends of the artificial branches with cloth so they didn't rip holes in the bag. Other than that, good product for the price. One other thing, even though the product is listed as prime, it took nearly a week to receive it. No big deal, just giving an honest review.
Great sheets for the price. They are very soft.
While the hole punches are adjustable, you can only slide the top 3 and bottom 3 as a unit. They dont move individually.
looks good easy to install but no hooks included
I love these curtains. They are really soft and keep the room dark. Only down fall is that they are super wrinkled straight out of the package. I let them hang hoping some wrinkles would fall out over time but they didnt. I ended up using a hand steamer and it took over 30 min to get them looking nice. There are still fine wrinkles in the fabric which annoys me but i'll deal.
It does what it is supposed to do, it's slightly obnoxious to install.
Smell is a nice balance between pleasant without overwhelming. And it is definitely longer burning than other candles, even on first burn it is obvious. Regardless it is smaller than I was expecting and just seems to lack a wow factor.
This is as expected for the money. Not amazing but not too bad.
I used it to hold the chips for my walking taco bar. It was cute & sturdy, but it doesn't fold away or break down which makes it hard to store after the event. Perfect for long term use.
Parts arrived quickly. Seems to take the cleaner a couple of hours to get the new parts broken in. All parents fit perfectly and are working fine.
Save me lots of room in my suitcase while traveling
I should have read the discription better. It's 2x2 but the close up pics make them look larger. They didn't disappoint. Love the warm glow. Battery doesn't last so have extras on hand.
it does what it is supposed to do
I got these shelves for my snowglobe collection, and I thought that they would be bigger, and would be larger in depth but were still nice shelves. The install was a bit complicated than I expected and needed some help to hang them. I am overall happy with the product and the price.
I had hope these will be 3-D but they are flat and what I don't like about that is that when I put on my mantle if they're not twisted just right you can see the white light behind them. I had just hoped they would be a 3-D little acorn.
Look and function exactly as described. The only drawback is that some of the pushpins came loose from the clothes clip. The glue is that secure and all of the products.
Very useful. Did not receive the color I ordered, but it is okay. Keeps my magazine, TV guide, remote, etc in easy reach and keeps the arms of my chair clean! What more could you ask?
I highly recommend and at such a great valued price. Nice work. Superior quality and easy to transfer Very impress with the quality and simplicity. can't go wrong with that! Its price is pretty reasonable among the store I have viewed.
Over all I love this set. It is super soft and light. I must caution that if you have pets or kids that sleep with you, this set may not be for you. The parts of the comforter and on the pillows where it is joined together can come apart easier when you have kids or pets that sleep with you, or if you have the laziest dog ever and loves to sleep on your bed when you are not home like we do.... Fortunately for us the spots that the sewing has come apart is not really visible and I also know how to sew so that way it is an easy fix. That is the biggest reason why I gave this 4 stars. But if you do not mind having to some minor sewing repairs this is definitely worth the price.
When I seen box it came in, was thinking definitely not the size how the picture makes it seem. Material is foam which I thought would suck ***But once I put it together...Man it really turned out great 👍🏾👍🏾
Cute. Not as bright as shown.
Received quickly. Great size. Spins easily. Haven't had the opportunity to use it much yet.
Darker than I expected.
Pro's: - There is a small cushion in the back that can be removed to make the back flat. - Very comfortable Con's: - The strap ripped off fairly easily
Have received and used several times. Am satisfied.
my house been so nice wth that, I love it. its real different.
I like the fan. The two lowest settings are quiet. It get's louder as you set it higher for faster air movement. For this reason I usually never go higher than the three lowest settings. There are five settings.
Took a long time to receive, but product is as its described.
These the stencils are very easy to use, but very small.
Pretty and well crafted, also comfortable.
Only used once. Can't hardly write a revue on that.
Light fluffy thin comforter set. Nervous about washing the comforter. I will probably take it to the cleaners. Will use it during summer months. Its pretty.
Love product, directions were not clear how to put to get. This color looks nothing like the color that came. It is a dark brown not has this picture displayed. Color scheme worked in my home.
Light-weight, hangs neatly, lighter color lets more light into the shower. At first, it was hard to figure out how to hang the curtain on the rod.
The cords were extremely knotted and tangled. They were not installed right so wouldn't roll up and down. Re strung them and now they operate correctly. It was very aggravating to have to spend so much time getting them to work.
My daughter loves it. Personally I think it's a little too thin/lightweight I expected something a light heartier. The white fuzzy part is slightly matted and I can tell that is only going to get worse.
I like it I just didn't realize how small it would be I'm constantly refilling the glue but it definitely help no waste as much glue as a glue gun does
The whole for the plant was much smaller than expected but still super cute
Great quality, very pretty, but a little smaller than I had anticipated.
Not as soft as I was expecting for 1500 thread count, but still a nice set of sheets, especially for the price.
Easy to put on the sofa. Looks great.
Just got these to replace some old suction hooks I had. The suction cup is way stronger than my last set. The plastic feels sturdier as well. So far a great buy!
They are the right size and seem comfortable. Time will tell.
I use these in the bathroom to keep any odors/germs down, and to prevent my large dog from "shopping" in the garbage cans. I did put a liner in them - the 4 gallon hangs over a bit but still works. Was exactly what I was looking for.
Look like a real one
Very attractive child's clock. Purchased for teaching but it does not have a second hand. Returning it and purchasing another similar clock with a second hand.
The drapes are as described, except the fabric is shiny, not a mat finish as I had hoped.
It accomplishes the job but the adhesive wears out in a few months.
Pretty cool. Lowest setting is still really bright at night. Don't get it for your bedside. It will fill the room with light.
I LOVE these, they are good quality material and lightweight. I haven't hung them (YET) but will shortly. I'm happy with this purchase.
They worked just like I hoped
Purchased with no problems and worked great! A black plastic seal popped off on one of the grinders, but the company did not hesitate to send us a new set for free, even though just shy of the return cut-off. Very pleased and glad to have our replacement!
The blue is darker than it appears in the picture. The taupe color you see is more brown (that was kind of disappointing).
Consumes the water fast
They are pretty good but it should fit a bit ore tied.
Adds extra layer that helps pressure points. However, it is a bit too soft and not as easy to move around.
Pretty but seam on one side of one pillow is not completely sewn. Otherwise would have given a higher rating. I do like the cases.
Don't remove the plastic packaging until you are familiar with all the parts and how they connect. Once I did that, the process was fairly straight forward and no tools were required. Took me about an hour but for someone who does stuff like that regularly, I am sure it would assembly more easily.
Cute little candy dispenser , wanted it for cashews but use with m&m too. Works fine sometimes candy gets stuck. Had almost a year still doing it's job
Use this to carry my brushes, small compartment works great for my small disposable brushes
Great storage place for hats.
We bought 30 units for a wall in our warehouse. They are good shelves. However, two units came broken. The corners were damaged and could not be used. Also some of the metal frames were damaged and bent. Wanted to get two new ones, but you have to go through the hassle of returning them. I would rather just have sent photos, and gotten two new units, and then thrown the broken ones away. It's particle board, so it's cheap material. I will just take the loss rather then spend time on packing these big shelves up (with all the pieces) and returning them.
Not blackout but definitely room darkening, which is what I wanted. Very good quality for this price point. Would recommend if you don't require blackout curtains.
it was for a lady of Indian decent
Only a few dollars and works great.
The tree is just what we wanted.
Both are very large bags and seem well made, will update if it doesn't hold up
Great smell and not overpowering. Scent doesn't seem to last that long (compared to febreeze). I prefer the One Fur All candles over the spray. Not bad though.
Easy to set up and use
One side of the bar was a little too big for the piece, but amazing quality aside.
I enjoyed painting this. But sometimes the numbers were very small and confusing.
The opening for silicone insert is on the broad side of the chain compartment housing the silicone /sponge insert and there is no way to close the gaping opening once the silicon/sponge insert is inserted into the chain compartment. There is a ring on the top of the chain compartment for hanging the item ..... this would be much more practicable and functional if the opening for inserting the silicone/sponge insert was on the top instead of the side of the compartment and the ring was hinged and used to close the opening as well as used for hanging.
a little flimsy but doesn't show in presentation. used these for my students water colors for a gallery show. everyone was impressed how nice things look. would recommend for student work.
I like the design and the simplicity. It is very easy to set up and refill and appears to be easy to clean. The water in the tank easily lasts for 7 hours. I think this is perfect for small rooms and/or personal use.
Looks and feels luxurious. Got compliments from my kids and grandkids when they come over.
Same quality as manufacturer's, better price
I bought these as a valentine day present for my bear loving husband. The colors are vivid and the pattern is exactly as pictures. For the cost, the sheets were very soft and warm. The top sheet was bigger than usual which was good, less fighting for the sheet. The bottom sheet fit perfectly on the mattress. However, the sheets developed little fuzz balls after about 16 washes.
Great Price for 2. Just what. I wanted
worked as well as the original ones that came with my pump
Item arrived in great condition, size is great. I had a difficult time getting the bottom draw open. So now scared to close all the way. The top piece I am not crazy about, items on back row get hidden by front row. Would like to find another piece to insert. Overall a good purchase and have been able to organize and unclutter my bathroom with face products
So far, so good. We've been using this laundry basket for a few weeks now, and I like that it can collapse for easier storage. I will say that it doesn't collapse very neatly -- sometimes the rubber gapes out instead of telescoping in cleanly. But that's pretty trivial. All in all, this is a good option!
I love the product for what it is, however it's super difficult to assemble & I can't put any coats on it without feeling like it's going to break.
My 9 year old can't seem to keep sheets on the mattress, she moves around so much while sleeping. These have kept get sheets in place, while the corner only ones, did not. 4 stars because they are difficult to get into place on your own.
This came in as a medium-size package. It is easy to build up, but just you have to perform repetitive moves. This is good enough if you need a temporary clothing storage. The leaf design/color is highly matched with what's in the picture. No smell or anything. Overall, I am satisfied with this product.
Great concept. However the auctions don't work and two just aren't enough to hold this large item to the shower head. My roommate had to do some handy man work to get it to stay as the suction's provided just aren't sufficient. Otherwise, great size and the adjustable shelves are great.
This mini humidifier was for my son's room. I wanted something small to fit on his nightstand. He likes the nightlight feature. I use distilled water in it and have not had any problems with it.
Very bright. Very light. A good purchase.
The quality is great but I wake up sweating every night. Perfect for people who are always cold.
I like these sheets. Yeah, they aren't super thick flannel, but frankly, unless you are snowed in, you don't need that much weight in a sheet. Yes, the material throws lint in the dryer, but it's flannel! It's supposed to throw lint. These sheets were affordable, and they didn't shrink up after going through the dryer. They really are deep-fitted corners. The pattern is unobtrusive, too.
These are easy to use if you check the directions to unclip them to switch positions. They could open a little wider to accommodate a folded pants waist. Very useful product. I will be purchasing more.
I was skeptical whether I would be able to make an arch look as good as the professionals. And it turned out great! Pros: Easy to blow up balloons (using an air pump) Easy assembly through the plastic garland Colors are true to picture Long lasting (we kept the balloons up for another 2 weeks following the party) Cons: Tying all the balloons Doesn't come with anything to hang the garland up. (we used command hooks, and it worked) Overall, recommend!
My SO and I ordered the queen set in black for our new bed. We are very pleased with the overall quality of the sheets and pillow cases. We did notice, as other reviewers have mentioned, that they are a bit see-through. However, for the price, you cannot go wrong. They are nice and soft!
The included wall grabber mounting system really is a failure, but if you aren't going to hang it, it's great. I like the matting; it's actually two separate pieces with about a centimeter in between, providing a little depth. The tabs on the back and the stand seem solid, and... yeah other than that it's a frame and it does what you'd expect
I have been using these pillows for 4 months now. They have not flattened at all and have retained their shape very well. They are overall comfortable. However, they are more fluffy in the middle than around the edges, sometimes this is bothersome and hurts my neck. Kind of have to shove them under your neck to make sure to lay in the middle on the fluffy part so your head/neck is not angled weird.
Looks great, but too expensive....
Very basic which is what I was looking for. I wanted something easy to wash which these appear to be. They are comfortable under your feet. They do stay wet longer than I'd like after getting out of the shower but I switched from microfiber which dries faster than cotton so it's just an adjustment.
I bought this to use at work. The office I work in is VERY cold. Does not matter what the Temperature is outside the boss keeps the thermostat on 60 degrees. I get cold very easily as it is, so I had to get a space heater just to keep from freezing to death! I am glad I did. This one works great. The knobs are super simple and easy to work and understand and I love that the cord is so long! I can easily plug it in to the socket near the floor and still have plenty of slack to reach it up to my desk. I also love the safety feature it has so that If it gets knocked over it will auto shut off. It has a button sensor on the bottom, I posted a picture of it. I've had heaters in the past that had this feature but it would never work. This one does! It is a little on the large size for a desk space heater so it may take up a little more room than you want but it is worth it. The only downside is that it does not oscillate.
Loved the set and the fact that the case is durable. Hooks are great but I really wanted the hooks to match the picture. Instead only the handles came in color. I had to buy scissors separately because it didn't come with them as advertised. All in all its a cool set for what you get, just didnt like how my hopes and dreams were crushed by the absence of full color and handy scissors. Lol
It's really cute, but a few parts just refused to stick to the mirror! I made it work with just a couple wrinkles
A great idea to put a handle on a pumice stick even through rather large for size stick (hope it stays on until end of stone. After 1st use very satisfied
Works as intended. I like the split shelves at the top meaning I don't get sprayed in the face when I reach for a bottle. The holes for flipping the shampoo upside down do not work for the type of shampoo that I use but I'm not sure I would like that anyway. The rubber grip on the hook is nice and snug on the shower head so no complaints there. I took away one star because when I remove a bottle from one side or the other on top shelves, the suction cups slip and the entire thing leans to one side. Still functional and nicer to look at.
Used them for our wedding. Held up very nice!
If you're looking for a super soft mattress topper, this is it. It's almost a mattress in and of itself. Be warned, it's like falling into a sand trap. It's so deep and soft. If you're one that likes plush, you'll love it. It took me some time to get used to that, but once I did, it really was helpful for my back pain
The ringer chain mail scrubber is wonderful to use on my cast-iron skillets. The only thing that kept me from rating it 5 stars overall is the price - seems a bit much!
I am pleased with the comforter, good quality, bright and colorful just like the picture. It's a bit pricey would have been more worth it had it come with a pillow case. But my daughter loves it.
Put this up over the weekend and it's been pretty solid and sturdy so far. You have to use an adhesive to attach it if you go the no screws route which seems dicey if you ever want to remove it without damaging tile. One section I glued didn't quite hold (likely more my fault in not adding enough adhesive), but the other three sections feel like they're more than capable of holding it securely. Looks good, holds well. I do wish it had some hooks to hang washcloths, loofahs or razors.
This is a really good watch box however the shipping kind of surprised me. I wish they would have gave a little bit more room as the watches are kind of cramped in there but it is really a quality Case
Great for outdoor use
Didn't come with a base, so get one!
$10 for about 10 cents worth of plastic is a bit excessive. It does work well.
I put extra clothes in these and stored them under my bed. When I filled them and tried to pick it up it was super flimsy and hard to handly. When I zipped the zipper it felt like it was gonna break and I really didnt have much in there. There was extra room and everything.
Looks just like the one my mom used to have.
The garland is very life like. The size is and great and will go a long way.
Bird house arrived much sooner than expected. I didn't read the description so I too thought I would receive 6 bird houses... I thought it was too good of a price for 6 lol. Other than that minor disappointment, the bird house is still a good deal. I will need to use a piece of sandpaper on a few spots to avoid getting splinters.
Switch not working smoothly
The numbers at the top stopped showing after a week. I can only read the outside temp now. Update: they quickly replaced the defective thermometer. Excellent customer service. Changed from two to four stars because of their generosity.
I would have given it a 5 star, but it bleeds on everything. I have washed it a few times but haven't seen a difference. Also not sure if there is a correlation, but since using the pillow cases I have started breaking out on the side of the face that lays on the pillow. Other than that, it's soft.
Bed skirting is exactly what I was looking for thank you I love every thing I have ever gotten from Amazon
I use it to support my neck while I sleep, because I can't sleep on pillows.
delivered as promised
Easy to assemble but it didn't note that you have to use distilled water and your own food dye. I had to go purchase both
Overall alright. The plastic tongue holding the foam on will break through with repeated paint strokes. I guess this depends on what kind of paint you are using. I used this to fill in edges/ corners of cabinets and drawers I was painting (water based interior paint). Maybe this happens with all of them? not sure. worked okay... luckily I ordered the package of 15 so I just grabbed another when the plastic broke through the foam.
The sheets are good quality. I like the color, though it doesn't match the picture. However, after the second wash, I discovered that the stitching had come loose around the elastic in one area of the sheet, therefore not covering the fabric.
Pretty good for the price! But difficulty getting the lint fully removed after it's full from getting it off your clothing.
Nice lid, watertight. I do dislike the fact that to get a good flow of drink, you have to open the grey stopper too, so you have to open the lid, then the stopper. If you leave the grey stopper up, the cup is no longer watertight.
Looks good in person. Very light weight and water resistant.
Nice tree skirt for the price, well made and looks great under the tree, I especially like the fact that it has a slit in the back to fit around the tree after the tree is set up.
It is just great. The only thing I would change about it is; it would hold more water. I would be able to finish all of my floors.
These are very nice but you will get some that are broken or missing stones which is disappointing.
I love the meaning because I miss my daughter but I expect the charm to fall off because it's kind of cheaply held on to the bracelet. It's still cute and has a great message for moms and daughters.
I don't even bother going to a retail store to find classic items like this dish rack... they only seem to have "updated" designs that aren't much good and don't work. I won't waste my time and fuel to venture out to be disappointed. We bought ours as a direct replacement. Color matches the mat that goes under. The older one lasted a good amount of time (5+ years?) before the coating began to chip and flake. News flash in case you missed the last 30 years...all small household goods are made in China. And really you have no choice in the matter.
good product, but not really easy to use the toothpaste dispenser. it took me few times to figure out how to use it. 4 stars because do not have instructions.
Good hangers, not too stiff. Although they are not occupying a lot of space, so good trade off so far. Overall recommended for this price
Pretty and re-usable for decorations. Versatile.
I like the colors. Exactly what I expected
Durable and high quality. Recommended product and seller.
The cabinet is good, but some part of the drawer smells pungent. Except the bad smell of the drawer, it's a good product
Smaller than it looks, but my daughter (17) loves it and says it feel like she's getting a hug when she leans back into it to read or relax.
Looks different, but works the same as carbon paper.
A little tricky to pull the air out. You need to open the corner to be able to pull the air fast. It lasted a day travel ( 24 hours in a bag) so it does work.
This cushion works to relieve tailbone pain. I would purchase it again if I need another.
Not bad product but I didn't notice much a difference compared to the standard shampoo. It might not hurt to use it on occasion but my dogs don't do that much damage to the carpet to begin with.
Isn't built the best. The rubber heads detached within the first use. Nothing glue can't solve, but not too happy. Other than that, you get a good variety of sizes for this price.
I just bought received it yesterday in the mail. I bought it for my son, a Senior in HS who will be going off to college in the fall so it won't get any use until then. Until then I cannot properly assess it.
Works well as advertised. Batteries last approx 6 months, but considering cost, I'm good with that! Perfect for my Grandson when he stays here!! I love the temp in the room, and the day and dates shown!
Got this for my sister for christmas and she loved It! There were a few loose strings sticking out of the seams of the case that I had to trim up resulting in a 4 star rating instead of 5. Otherwise it was an affordable, good purchase.
While it is what I wanted, I would prefer the mop part to be a bit bigger and beefier. P.S. One of the loops was stuck on the handle--it wasn't until I realized I could remove the mop from the holder that I could fix it.
Cover is great, little hard to figure out how to get on, as stitching is made to actually fit when in up position. Very stretchy, washed well. Used for several months now and has kept futon in excellent condition.
Works as advertised however have only used a couple of times with no issues so far therefore holding off on 5 stars until further use
I bought this box for plein air oil painting. It works very well. I put paint tubes and some short brushes in the compartment under the palette. I still take along a paint brush holder for longer brushes and a plastic box to hold other supplies. Attaches well to my Slik tripod. The downside is that it is heavy. I would not try to use it in a backpack. I might replace the glass palette with a piece of Plexiglas to lighten it up. The box fits fine in my rolling cart.
This unit works great for my car camping setup. It'll run for a good 5+ hours at low speed on it's own battery. Can supplement with another battery device (I hook up my Jackery battery at night if I want to run the fan at higher speeds all night) and can charge it with solar panels during the day. The only issue I have, and why not a full 5 stars, is the mounting clip. I have no idea what purpose the clip has! Either have a hook on the top to allow it to be hung from something, or have a secure and stable base for it to run from a flat surface -- or both!
Beautiful colors however they did not have the colors in them that were shown. There were no green or yellow in my package
It is impossible to beat the value for price on these. Coloration was true to picture, and they've held up well. I do wish the zipper was a tiny bit wider; it was a little hard to shove the pillow form through the opening.
Nice looking solid piece. The seal on the push stopper has a small trickle but nothing terrible.
Very thick material. Seems durable. Great quality for that price!
Doesn't keep up inthe area description suggests but does operate smoothly with little attention required.
Works great, comfortable on the skin.... will buy again if needed!!
Which it was a little bit taller. Overall I'm happy with it.
Great!!!! And super comfortable as well as adjustable! Def worth the price
These are OK, especially since I needed display stuff for both books and student work. They don't like to always stay upright though.
Love these but for what I was using them for they were a bit tricky but all in all great product
Small, but expected.
Seems to be working well for the wife.
The product was exactly what I wanted. The shipping box was badly damaged and so were the products inside. My husband was able to repair so that we did not have to return.
Nice fabric but the Dusty Rose photo could use updating. Lighting can vary but this is a very different look than the photo. Great color if you're looking for a pink without it being light/baby pink.
don't know how it works
Communication with Hoover was not pleasant but product is good
The fabric is lovely. It wrinkles easy. I will use it as an extra for my table. I don't think it will be my go-to runner as I'll have to iron it every time. They could have done a better job of packaging it, instead of in a small cardboard box. A nice bag for storage would have been nice.
Very nice and adds character to the kitchen
A bit flimsy but do the job
If angled correctly easy to read. Bright and colorful display. Confusing to sry up but finally accomplished. Keeping instruction sheet nearby if needed Nice device for know outside and inside temps
Really enjoy this fun art in a windowless bathroom. Guest always comment on it and think it is a delightful photo. Took off a star because the canvas was not stapled straight.
These are decent quality sheets. Not overly thin and slippery like some microfiber sheets are. They are nice and soft though.
Ended up breaking right in half the first time it was dropped. I successfully glued it back together with some epoxy. Should be a bit more durable in my opinion for the price.
I've used the fireplace tools for a couple months now and am happy with the durability and quality of the set. I love a good, hot fire and cut my own firewood. So occasionally I wrestle with some larger logs. For years I struggled with inferior "big box store" fireplace tools. I should have bought these sooner. The one reason I didn't give a 5-star rating is that the brush is pretty flimsy. But I bought the set primarily for the poker and tongs.
The product is as advertised, the kids liked them for their novelty.
Good product. However seems to be sticking to surfaces a little still after a week.
It's like air drying and it very convenient.
The scent dies out the longer it goes, it can be replaced the improve it, so I give 4.
very nice keep the room dark
My son loves this. He hung it above his growing shoe collection. Be aware this is a sticker/decal, not poster material.
Poor packaging product arrived damaged, had to use super glue. Otherwise, as described
We really like those details on the skirt. Good quality.
A lil smaller than I thought but I'll work with them
The thinner pens are VERY thin. They all write/draw very nice.
Good candle, burns slowly as advertised. It is 6oz so it is small. Good gift idea for under $15. Scent could have been a bit stronger for me but overall I'm happy with the purchase.
Nice color! Seems made well. Great price. I wish they had a bigger 1 at 50% off, this is small for a tub mat.
Good, but could be a little thicker.
Expensive yet functional. Looks good for a trash can. It can be possessed at times & open when family it talking in the kitchen...
I love the frames and had ordered four of them. I went to order a few more and the price had increased nearly $3.
Not so hot I was expecting more heat
loved the fact that the towels snapped securely. Unfortunately, one of the towels did not snap at all. A sewing error, I ;presume
product was what I ordered and delivered when said the wrong part is the review part
I loved it after I did some tweaking to it and adding leather to the clamp areas so that my leather goods are not crimped.
I love this bath mat. I've bought this twice for two different bathrooms at two different houses. Only con is that for both bathrooms at both houses, the door can't close where the bath mat is installed. It's rather thick and gets caught. But quality and comfort of these pads are great!
This night light really completes the fortnite theme we have.
They were ok. Material was a bit cheap.
The unit works very well. The reservoir though is very clunky and hard to remove and put back after dumping water. Also, I hooked up a hose to the unit and it will still shut off when reservoir is full.
I had purchased another "low cost" kit, and the brush fittings were incorrectly sized, the rotating brush fitting wouldn't fasten using the factory bolt. I decided to spend a little more this time and get OEM parts, and everything fit. I wish I could say that the value for the money was a 5, but honestly the parts are overpriced. The value part, though, is that they actually fit without being whittled down to work. So, like everything else, you often have to pay a little more to get the right stuff. I rates "presentation" a 1 since the parts came in a plastic bag, and I'd love to see these companies get away from the plastic.
just what I need to organize my kitchen.
A little difficult to put up, but once we got it installed, it was great! Definitely need a power drill for this one.
Works well, but needs to be at a straight angle to see it. No other issues noted w it's keeps good temp readings, never looses contact w outside sensor.
This is a great find for what you pay for. I wish there was an alternative for a bigger boat by paying a little more but I got creative with the decor so the boat didn't look so little compared to the other pieces. It was a good selection, good details with the shells and netting.
I don't care for the material. It is kind of noisy
Great!!! I only wish I purchased 2
Product was delivered on time and as expected
Everything that was listed to come came and it was in great condition except one of the posters were slightly creased at the edge.
As described easy assembly
Decent for the price I paid.
loved the product and beats using plastic bags
Only giving it four stars because I haven't gotten to use it yet and I have trouble getting the suction cups to stick to my tub where they are so flat. Arrived in great condition and seems very sturdy and soft.
Could be a bit bigger, but it's super comfortable, lightweight, and soft. Great for the car on a long ride, or, for me being an EMT and sleeping at headquarters, this is perfect for me.
I ordered before from a different company with correct model number but received incorrect filters. I ordered these by sight. I was very happy at first. The two big filters fit well. However the smallest filter is not even cut correctly and does not fit at all. It is also a very thin filter.
These are very well-made and a great value. I am having wool blankets in them to free up shelf space and air them better. The company just needs to make the “hook” part that goes over the rod a bit wider. We have wood rods in all our closets and they can be tapped down to fit, but then I can't slide them in the rod. They'd be perfect with that adjustment.
These covers fit perfectly and are a great price for the value!
I washed it with other kitchen towels. The others all turned red. However for the money, it is worth it.
If you're looking for a big towel with some body, this is a nice option. It is a heavyweight item and I really like it. Don't buy as a beach type towel. It's too heavy for that.
I really like this. However, I wish the suction on the bottom worked better. It makes it pretty difficult to grate potatoes when the device is moving around a lot. But I've made hash browns with it several times and I love how shredded they turn out. Plus, its cute. That is somehow a bonus.
I LOVE these. They are so cute, even though they are not entirely life-like. They've got some kind of glitter on them, but it's not a problem for me. The pine cones are a really nice touch.
purchased these to add to my décor, they are ok...
Better quality than I expected, I'm pleasantly surprised
Nice candles, they're made of real wax/look real. They were a good deal price-wise. My only two issues.. The remote does not work on them. It's not a huge deal as you can turn them on/off manually from the small switch on the surface of each candle, where the batteries go in.. Also, this being my first experience buying flameless candles like these.. When you go with a darker color (VS White /Cream/Ect), the white 'flame' is very visible/obvious during the daytime/when not in use. That part looks very 'fake-y', if that bothers you. But overall, a good price for the real wax look, the amount of candles you get, and how they look when they're lit. Very nice.
I like the way it looks. I wasn't thrilled with the way it was sent to me.
The jewelry box was ok. A bit smaller than I thought, but the worst part was it was a Christmas gift for someone and when she opened it, the glass doors fell off. Terribly embarrassing for me.
Works great for a small or medium room
It's very buildable and for the price, I can't really complain about the level of pigmentation, but it's not a one swipe and done type of shadow. It takes significantly longer to build to an opaque colour.
A little tricky to put on the first time or two, luckily I had help. The straps under the arms are easily removable as well if you're not a fan, a definite plus. Has that amazing leather smell even after a lot of wear.
This product was lacking 2 holes so support bars and one hook could be screwed in. Luckily my husband has the tools to drill the holes that were needed. I would not recommend this product.
My mother-in-law needed a replacement part for her sewing machine. this fit the bill and did the job for her. She does a lot of quilting and she says this is a great part to have on hand.
I like it!! It serves the purpose as space saver for shoes.
Absolutely best vacuum I've ever owned. It sucks up everything, and was especially handy when having a pet. I just wish it was a bit larger but great vacuum for small houses!
Very soft (almost like drying off with a blanket absorbency is fair) heavy, wish they were a bit wider for the weight. Lint galore.
Bought these to encapsulate the tokens for Arkham Horror LCG. The size is perfect and the quality is good- although a few capsules had a decent amount of scuffing on them. Overall, this was just a few capsules out of 100. Recommended.
This wall clock is awesome!! Adds A little something to a plain wall. It was super easy to install, just make sure your walls aren't hollow, if not the little hook will come off. Everything else was great, super easy instructions, took about an hour to install.
It was very detailed and had a nice weight to it.
The product is nice. I ordered multiple of these but one of them is curled up after using it for a month or so. Hoping it was an exception as the other piece still holds good
We used it over the weekend for our guest who stayed overnight and it was the best thing ever, much much better than a sleeping bag on the floor. It was so easy to pump up. We opened the lid on the side and the cord was tucked inside. We plugs it into ge outlet, turn it on, and within 5 minutes the whole bed was up and firm. It was comfortable but the sides got a little soft and saggy after a day or two. I suppose your suppose to kind of re-pump it each day so it stays firm? After we were done, we plug it back in and turn to deflate mode and it gets all the air out. Once it's deflated, you can fold it back up and store it into the storage box. It's perfect for guests.
Love the look of the bell, BUT the ring is very dull.
Cute little guy! Works great, but do be aware that it doesn't hold much water. We use it at night and it does run out of water by morning, but still great!
It's a bit of on off size. It's just a bit larger for my body pillow. Also it has an odd opening. Otherwise, though it's soft and it works.
These icicles are exactly the same as some I purchased years ago! They are perfect. Although one was broken in transit we were able to repair enough to continue using it.
It fits the sofa pretty good
Great poster...but was ripped in a small spot when I opened it.
These were good for the price. Just wish they were a little better quality. Worked out for what I needed them for.
Works well for very fast wrinkle removing. I wish the fill mechanism was easier to operate. Great for polo and tee shirts.
The inside ties are very thin and didn't hold up for one night. I sewed shoestring ties to the inside corners which easily solved the problem. Washes well. Super soft, feels great against the skin. Didn't shrink at all.
I needed small inexpensive doilies and that's what I got. They were not the same pattern as in the pic though. Still really cute and good quality.
Works well as a foam knee pad. A bit firmer than I would have liked.
The curtain has a quality feel to it. Not exactly a luxurious but good quality. Having said this, it does not have rings in the holes and one of them came actually closed and I had to use a knife to open it. I have a polyester inner curtain, so can't rate on water resistance and easy to clean. I am yet to test washing it, as it seems many had issues with it. For the purpose and price, I found it worth it.
Quite FIRM! This may be more pillow than you are bargaining for. But a great pillow if you want firm. Don't count on the cover; they tend to come in the wrong size.
I got these so I could raise my twin sized bed, and they definitely raise it about 5-6 inches or so. They're cheap so I can't complain too much. The only warning I'll give is that they're made of a hard, scratchy plastic, which is all well and good unless you have hardwood floors like I do. All I had to do was buy a few felt pads to stick underneath them so they don't scratch the floor or slide.
This came in damaged probably from shipping, but it is a beautiful jewelry box. Although I returned it, I ordered straight from the Lenox website. I had to pay a little more but then I had the option to personalize it. Came in beautiful. Great looking jewelry box!
Love the color and the real sherpa feel of this blanket, it is truly thick. I'm just not a big fan of the result after washing it. But overall very cozy and warm sherpa, so I do recommend it.
It came on time and my granddaughter like her new laundry basket. Hopefully, she will use it.
I'm so happy to get the opportunity to see this tree again and how it should look, I had mine wrong if that is at all possible. At any rate I love the tree.
It is a great addition to your closet and it stored all of our winter clothes, blankets, comforters, ...etc. Once you start packing clothes in there, it had so much room and really condense my closet space. However, the handle was not as durable and out of the four storage bag i brought only one of the handle broke.
Wish I had ordered from manufacture, 1 was pricey. Go for the 2 offer is better price. GREAT NECK SUPPORT. I have two titanium plates in my neck from car accident surgery. Have gone through 50 pillows since. This one is the best. I have had for this long and like it. Sleeping better but still not all night.
Not as sturdy as expected. Doesn't look as nice “in person”!
The color is great and the fit was perfect. I have not washed them yet so cannot comment on wearability.
Used it on our Christmas village. Bought it mostly because we needed flame resistant. Did okay, but prefer would the regular "snow" if we could find it in a flame-resistant form.
These are attractive well made buttons. I would have given them a higher rating if the buttons were not so large in diameter. I was expecting a more traditional shirt button size.
This cover looks nice and was as advertised definitely more textured than the other pillow cover I bought. Would definitely recommend if it matches the theme of your room. The zipper is nice and I ended up buying stuffing and stuffing it myself and it looks great. The rougher feel is definitely a trade-off for a little thicker material and will probably last longer than my other purchase. It is still soft enough to use but does feel more textured so that may be a positive for some people!
This is a nice frame for the price. Was packaged very well. It is plastic glass not real glass and has a protective film on both sides to protect it. I notice some people saying it's cloudy but that's the film you have to remove. I'm slightly disappointed because in the q and a's it said there is no overage of the frame onto the picture, but there is as you can see the title of the print is barely visible as the frame is covering it. Overall though it's a very good frame for the price and the plastic glass was well protected from scratching with the film. Looks like real glass unless you were to touch it.
Looks amd works great and only a very very soft ticking which some people may not notice as it's that soft. Docked one star because it's plastic and I feel like it was a bit expensive for the material.
I love this. Perfect for my bedside table. I love the night light feature as well.
Our old unit became hard to turn after a few years of beating it up daily on tile floor, seems a couple of the wheels had enough. Everything else still worked perfectly and my wife loves how light and powerful it is, so we just picked this one up which seems to be an updated model. It's still the same great design, suction and function. Nimble and light enough to pick up at take to another room without having to gripe about weight or cables. Our ONLY gripe is the new charging base, no matter if the battery is full or not, it's ALWAYS blinking. At night with all the lights off it lights a hallway on and off. For now we've put a bit of tape to cover it a bit, and we know it doesn't affect the function of the vacuum, but we wish there we at very least a way to dim it.
Curtains are exactly as described and great for the price. I made the mistake of putting them in the washer and dryer and they shrunk. I would recommend to hang dry. Will definitely purchase again.
Super nice. Good quality
This was my first project using a router. I made these from Red Oak and stained them to look like different types of wood glues together. I don't know how well the bits will hold up as they are new, but with this project they were great. Cut through the wood like butter.
It's a good caddy. The shelving could be a bit sturdier but I'm happy with the purchase.
I honestly really like the set, it was a little wrinkles but a little time in the dryer helped with that. It's not as full as it looks in the picture but it's still nice
This is a really nice sign, but the colour is more of a red than Harley orange
After using super type glues for years and being frustrated with the tubes always becoming clogged way before the glue is used up, this no-clog, self-piercing tip is super! But it definitely doesn't dry in 15 seconds. More like 15 minutes!
Not as well made as I would have liked.
Excellent, works just like I had hoped it would. Excellent organizer for the closet!
Amazing markers, not 5 stars because sadly they do bleed even in a thick-ish bullet journal. Love to learn calligraphy with these... Hope they last for the price though...
These are sturdy little faux velvet bags, and good value for the price, and they will work for my purpose.. My only complaint is that I wish they came in red or burgundy for the same price.
I use this for watercolor mostly and I clean it after every use but it stains really bad. Especially with darker colors or like any color really. No good for violet. But it's good for mixing paint. Also it's frikin huge. Like idk why I thought it would be small cause it's not. Like the measurements are in the title. But I still like it a lot. Just sucks that it stains.
It's light and simple to use, but it got a noticeable dent during shipping. I wouldn't have expected it to dent so easily, and I'm reluctantly keeping it since I need it for the foil sheet instead of leaving the foil sheet in the tube.
Ordered twice, products are good. Second shipment was delayed by nearly 10 days.
This bath mat works! I previously ordered a clear rubber mat that was still a bit slippery and I was not comfortable or felt safe with. I had some concerns with sitting on this bath mat but proved to be no problem. I feel comfortably safe using it. The color is a bit more white than ivory and I did not notice the lemon perfume smell. The suction cups did not hold well on my tiled wall for drying, but a couple of self adhering hooks solved the problem. I would definitely recommend this mat!
Haven't used them yet but they're exactly as advertised.
Really like this pillow. Very soft and the color is a lovely cool blue.
This was a gift for my camping son and his family. Very appropriate and cute.
Could be a little more absorbent. Overall fine value for the price. Good guest bath set.
I love the charcoal gray ones! Complimented my paint color perfectly and I could arrange them exactly how I wanted to cover imperfections in the wall. Not exactly a value in my opinion, but I had trouble finding the color I wanted in stores.
I love these brushes , they are great quality, although my bag did have a tear in it , but they fixed it with some tape . So it's not all that bad .i haven't experienced any leaks yet so I'm pretty happy
i was worried it was going to be wobbly, but it isn't. very easy to assemble. i needed a really shallow shelf for my bathroom, and this did the trick nicely. the only thing that could be better is if there were more configurations for the shelf height, but this was cheap enough that i don't really care. docking one star because mine didn't come with the little plugs to cover up the screws.
Great color, a bit too thin but acceptable
*Update: I did ultimately end up having issues getting this to stay up* I wanted to order two, but $15 is a bit pricey. Just do it. I got another product from this mfr and it's still hanging. The bar of soap in the picture is literally the largest bar of soap I've ever seen, impressed. And now I'll order another one.
Turns out my child's dorm room mattress has it's own waterproof mattress cover. I have no need for this but it is past the return date.
The color is deep and contrasts very well with the satin peach color dust ruffle.
I trimmed a few inches off the bottom so they's fit my vase. They are a little tricky to splay out properly, but look great once you train them to be where you want them.
Not the best quality but it is good for what you pay.
These look really pretty in the window, but be prepared to have lightbulbs in hand. I ordered 4 total over the course of maybe a week for my front windows and half the bulbs didn't work at all.
Good glass container. THIS IS NOT A FOAMING SOAP DISPENSER. Overall it works well and I'd buy it again.
Simple clothespins were as expected and are performing to expectations.
product received with missing block for months of September - December. Contacted seller who responded within a couple of hours and they sent the missing block immediately. Received in two days and all is well. Kudos to the seller, great customer service.
As described and good price! I'll be using these for my flower girls to put petals in for our rustic wedding. ;)
Super super soft and warm! I love everything about it except for the fact that it sheds more than a cat! I wrapped the blanket around me for two minutes and my shirt was covered in lint. Otherwise, great blanket.
I like the product however the sprayers don't work. I think product is too thick to go thru sprayer
The quality is along the lines of doll furniture. Not super impressed, but it works suitably well for the price.
Noce star, good size for what I ordered and was expecting. Color is nice, but the material feels kind of cheap. Feels more like plastic. Would give 3.5 stars if I could.
Pretty good first press, but unable to adjust items with ease.
Beautiful color,, perfect design and size . Very light weight and easy to put on wall. Nice color combination.
Good product. It was useful
I'm really pleased with this item. I am always rushing in the morning and never have time to look through my earrings, so I end up wearing the same ones for months. This book makes it so easy to keep earrings organized. I'm excited to start wearing all my earrings again.Cheap price and good quality
love the product, so far it has held up very well and was easy to put together. I am only marking it 4 star instead of 5 because it is wobbly but still should be fine.
Excellent construction and I've had these in the past. They typically work quite well. My only problem was that the opening does not seal at the bottom of any of my toilets. It's too wide and the opening at the bottom of the toilet bowl is not round so water kept squirting backwards instead of through the hole
we recently took all the carpeting out of the house due to allergies and now have hardwood floors. this mop system is so easy to use. I love the bucket.
This is super cute and really user friendly. I got mine for my boyfriend as an anniversary gift and he loved it. The only complaint I have is the more pages you add the harder it is to turn the pages flat (could be user error) all in all its an amazing idea for a gift
This product has a sleek look and was easy to install. It holds up 2 bath towels well and doesn't take up too much space on the wall. Good product, recommend for a modern, sleek design.
Looks great and true to picture
I used this frame on an oil painting , so the glass was unnecessary. I noticed, though, that the inner edge is not stained... not a big deal since it matches my painting, but having this area also stained would have been better.
This is a very cute die set. This will be awesome in making Christmas cards this year. The only thing I had an issue with is that with all the cut outs you must use card stock paper or the cutouts are extremely hard to get out without the thicker paper. As long as you use card stock this comes out great.
Definitely LOVE this product. Excellent value for the money. See photo, there are two "grooves" in each shelf, I liked that I could "overlap" the display of the coins to make more fit. They sit securely in the groove (although if you have a particularly thick coin it won't fit really well in the groove, all standard thickness challenge coins and poker chips fit, though). One hinge came somewhat damaged. Quality control only so-so. It works, so I will not send it back as I can push it back into place but it's definitely "floppy" in hinge action rather than sturdy as the hinge should be. That was the only thing that knocked off a star. Will buy another as we have more coins to display, these were just our favorites.
I feel like it does t work very well. It's so slow. It's way to cheap for the money. Not very happy. I feel like it's broken.
This little guy did a good job over the winter considering the price, but I was disappointed that one side stopped producing heat after only a few weeks of use.
Color was misleading!
I purchased this as a gift for my husband for his father's burial flag however it was shipped in a triangle carton which clearly gave away what was inside along with the label on the outside of the box that said what was inside. So much for the surprise. As for the product itself, it is very nice and the etching is great. Keep in mind that the etching is white/frosted in color and is hard to see once the flag is behind it due to the white stars on the flag.
Very soft and colorful. It was a bit thinner than I was expecting, but still well pleased. Hoping colors will hold up long-term.
My toddler LOVES to jump in puddles after it rains, leaving her boots wet for days. I bought this so she would be able to go back out and play more quickly. I expect it will be great for winter gear, as well. The cool air setting might work well for some things, but not for the rain boots so I can't speak to that. The heat setting isn't hot enough to melt rubber boots.
It is exactly what I expected. It is not as durable as my last wooden box, but isn't flimsy either. Holds plenty of jewelry and would be a great gift for a Florida Gator fan
Though the frame looks beautiful and exactly as I expected, the metal “you & me” piece fell out on the first day. It was easy enough to put back in, putting super glue with it to ensure it wouldn't fall out again. Manufacturer should affix it better for future customers.
The only reason it is getting a 4 instead of a 5 is because it was missing hardware. Other than that they are gorgeous and I love them. Worked perfectly for what I wanted them for.
Motion detector is too sensitive if it could be adjustable it would have been still better.
This sheet fit my queen mattress perfectly. It was a so happy as it is hard to find just a fitted bottom sheet.
It is a much more brownish-mustardy yellow color. I thought it would be more deep gold.
I did not realize how small the sage smudging sticks would be. They did not stay lit well and I had to eventually cut them open down the center with scissors and ignite that more loose leafed material in the abalone shell to get enough smoke going. They worked. Just very small in terms of quantity for the price.
It was quick enough assembly. I wear a size 11 in women's shoes. I fit five pairs of heels per row. It takes a bit of maneuvering to set some of the higher heels but it works. The front view is great but on the back you have to hang the heels off the back. I wouldnt put wedges on here. The wheels stick a little bit but how much are you really moving a shoe rack .
Great! Just what my husband was looking fo!
It stays in place when I move in bed. It needs just a little more padding.
It's what I expected. My project looks great with this product. Although for the price, maybe I'm expecting for more quantity? The quality is fine. O still like it
Blows a lot of air right up neck. Really cools me off at work. In high it lasts about 4 hrs continuous. Wish it ran 10 he on high but I love it
It's hard to find just what you need to solve your storage problems, but this one was the closest. The reason it didn't earn 5 stars was that there was no place for electric toothbrush heads. Otherwise, the design is good looking and the plastic is sturdy.
It is very nice, but kind off hard to use.
They look nice, but break so easily. I had a couple break just when I was gently setting them up. I guess ya get what you pay for. Very pretty though.
I'm not sure if it's the sheets or just me, but I woke up very warm during the night.
This product was slightly smaller than I expected. They wouldn't fit in the side mount so had to change to an overhead mount. That wasn't a big problem and they do look nice and do work...
Easy to assemble; works great and is easy to use. The only thing that I find a little awkward is the door flap that has to be held open while emptying the debris. The roller brushes have to be be cleaned to keep it in excellent working order, but that is reasonable. I don't find the included wall-mount to be practical, but I can see how someone with limited space may use that.
I put this away till the holidays. I'll decorate it them. I like that the lights are on it.
I ordered 2 boxes, all 24 candles worked. Exactly what I needed. Only thing is that they are not as bright as I thought they were going to be.
Solid purchase at a great price
I love the amount of storage space. When the box came, I thought it couldn't be right! It was surprisingly small. My only complaint was that the instructions were very minimal and in a foreign language. I also had a connector that was deformed and didn't work. It was really frustrating but after getting everything put together. The cubes have been useful.
I liked this product. It isnt the best paper material wise but its a cute gift to give !
The lights were easy to set up and activate with Alexa. The only negative comment I have is that the LEDs cannot achieve a color even close to white. Even when the light's app (or remote) is set to white, Alexa labels it "mint cream." This isn't the usual cool blue tint that LEDs emit, but a light blue/green tone. To offset the blue/green tone, I set the color slightly pink. Otherwise, the lights work as advertised with no problems.
Very little but it looks nice
Good but for beginners
Easy to wash, no pilling or shedding. The large king size blanket is just right for a queen bed.
This is the 4th pair of drapes I have bought from NICETOWN and I plan to buy more. This pair appeared to be pre-owned and possibly returned by someone by the smudge on one panel. Other than that, they are fine for this small bathroom. Without the smudge, I would give a 5-star rating.
Have not used it yet...it looks ok but I bought the wrong size. I need a queen instead of full. How do I return it?
Seems to work. Not needing to clean my toilets of hard water stains as often. Would recommend.
They are of good quality and are holding up well without flaking after a few months of use so far. I use them to store extra video game controllers, video games, dvds, manuals etc on a bookcase. The dimensions are as described. The only thing that was a little irritating on the set of three that I purchased, was that the wire at the corners of the baskets, which is visible, is of a different color. Two of the baskets that I received had wire that was painted in a dark gray color, while the other one is painted in a nice tan color that matches the hyacinth material. The gray color kind of "sticks out" in comparison to the tan. Wish all three had come with tan painted wire instead of just one. But still seems a good price for 3 hyacinth baskets of this size even with a "compromise".
It has worked well for me provided I use 2 strands instead of one to get the effect I'm looking for. This would work quite well for a wedding and/or reception.
Since we are using them on Christmas Eve, I wish they had a decorative design.
The shelves are very cute and just the right size for my space. The material is a little flimsy but i won't be putting boulders on the shelves in our bathroom so it won't be a problem. They were easy to install and they look really nice ! They were a great price and I am very happy with the result!
It is nice looking canopy. We are not using it for mosquito protection as we setup this over kids bed inside house. There are no mosquito inside our home where we live. But look it will be effective for that purpose as well. I am concern over longevity of net over time as it seem little weak at top where it is hanging. seems like that may be hold for very long. so for so good.
I didn't like them at first but after a few washes they softened up. I would purchase again.
Great curtains for the price, only problem is getting the creases out. Even after a wash and dry, and a dry with a wet towel, and a warm iron you can still see them. Otherwise great.
Product is great item Thank you
My Nana seems to like them, but the hands are a little thinner than expected
Unfortunately it is too big for my spice cabinet. But it works well on the kitchen table.
They do feel somewhat cheaply made but were all day yesterday seemed to be ok.
The product is lightweight. I am not crazy about the stitching but it works. Have issues with it sliding around at night but that could be because of my husband. Lol.
Very pretty beautiful drills
A little higher than o thought it would be. But overall we're happy with our purchase
Can be slightly difficult to set the corners but overall it's comfy and what I need
I like how challenging this is to paint.
the shower rod came quickly and was as advertised. The larger diameter ends make it a little hard to get the curtain all the way closed. Not bad, but it would be better if you could slide the shower curtain rings closer to the end.
Works great for purpose intended, but would be nice to have ends that are solid.
A little thin, the tan color has a touch of gray, but the price was awesome! It did need to air out (China smell) for a day but I've had no issues since.
Lightweight yet warm
Makes mopping super easy, great construction, good materials.. Lost one star bc you have to position the mop a certain way so the center circle doesn't scratch the floor.. I wish it had a soft edge.. Overall good product!!
The only thing that keep it from being five stars on everything is you have to hold the power button the whole time.
We needed a new comforter for our King bed, and we like down alternative. So, I thought we should give this one a try. Other than ordering GRAY and receiving BROWN, I am pleased. You have to take it for what it is, it is not an expensive comforter, but it is soft, seems pretty well made and the king size I got fit our bed. I was going to return for the color I ordered, but my husband prefers the brown so we will keep it. It has not been washed yet, so we will see how well it holds up over time.
Very expensive considering it's nothing but bent metal! I'm using it to stand an iPad, using it as a picture frame. I have it on a high shelf and the iPad leans back a lot to my taste. If it was sitting on a side table, it would be at a perfect angle. It does the job but I deducted 1 star because it's seriously pricey considering it's just a small piece of bent metal.
Kitchen clock , really like it , but wished it was bigger
Works for my Dyson Animal just fine. Sometimes the lip lets caught when reinstalling the hose but it serves it purpose and I didn't have to pay an arm and a leg!
Looks exactly like picture online. Having fun figuring out which way I would like to hang. The ability to change panels around is cool so you can always havr a different look. Cant beat the price for wall art. Good purchase.
Almost as pictured. Mine were a little different and not as vibrant as the picture. Still pretty! Worth the money.
Love the snow men but were poorly packed and were damaged. Sent back, but requested replacement
Very sturdy but so hot!
Snaps gave a great professional look to my projects, aside from making a few bibs I haven't had much chance to try snaps out on other crafts
I haven't used the sheets yet which is why I gave it a 4 star. I like the color.
Great night with this product! Say no more!
These are great accent and blackout curtains. I dislike how easily they wrinkle but they didn't cost a fortune so I won't complain too much!
We've only had it a few days but my husband really loves it. It's super soft and very comfy. Thinking of getting one for my son 👌🏻
It's ok...pretty thin
My wife loves this stuff. Personally, I think it smells as though Cheech and Chong just stopped by for a visit whenever she uses it.
Fits my 9ft tree perfectly. Bag is very good quality.
Just what I was looking for and nice quality.
Some of the holes were broken in the package I received. Other than that, it's okay quality for the price and does the job.
I thought they would be a little more exciting, but it feels like somewhere between polyester and vinyl with the primary function probably being keeping water out and secondary with the allergens. Its a fine product, but pretty basic too.
This is a great product! I use it to engrave jewelry and wood. It uses battery pretty quickly, but even with price of batteries, it's way cheaper than buying a plug-in type.
The bottle is beautiful but packaging didn't come is nice box like displayed. Never the less would order again.
I placed these on my mantle. Had fireplace on for 20 minutes. They melted. I did not notice that these candles were made from real wax! So totally my fault. Before that I loved them.
Used it for pancakes. Kept them warm.
To me the fan is a little noisy sitting here on my desk where I can hear a higher pitched whistling noise. If I walk away from my cubicle I can no longer hear it running so I know I am not disturbing others around me. The whistling noise isn't always there, mainly just when you turn it on. I would recommend to buy though if you are looking for something small to sit on your desk. The power cable is about 2.5 inches long.
bought as a gift for a night-time gamer, day-time sleeper. He seems to like them.
The blue light is pretty but I can't really be sure it's actually doing anything. Got this hoping to help with the smell of cigarette smoke in the car and haven't noticed any appreciable difference
I am very impressed with this table. I wanted something with a more modern feel but everything I found looked cheap. This is extremely sturdy and looks like real wood! The only reason I put 4 stars is because it's a bit smaller than I anticipated.
Just Awesome durability and its as exactly as the seller had described even better this is my first time buying this kind of Kit and I tell you what I am so proud of it I love it love it love it is so awesome I recommend the seller to anyone seller is an amazing seller and is true to their word thank you for sending such an awesome package From Irma McKnight
The light is very helpful for dark colored yarns.Very comfortable to use.
Wonderful to sleep on. Was considering getting a new mattress and I'm not anymore. I have a memory foam top layer on my mattress that I felt wasn't supporting me by the morning. My new topper firms it up while remaining soft and comfortable. Also just moved to CA, and I don't think it's hotter to sleep on than my regular mattress at all. If anything it actually cools me down a bit.
Pyramid as described, well done. The stone is black and beautiful, it surface is unpolished but very soft . At first touch it stained my fingers with a fine black dust but after a thoroughly wash the pyramid did not stained my hand anymore.
I use to get these at this cute little shop in Eureka Springs, AR but since moved away and SO SO badly wanted these candles. They burn even the fragrance smells the whole house 2000 sq ft. I am a Candle freak and these are BY FAR the best I have ever burned.
The washcloths are very soft, I like the little handles they have, color variety is great as I and my children each use a different color.
Exactly what I expected. Great product!
I love this mirror! It's both battery and plug in operated. I love that it's affordable and light weight
In the summer I wear a darker shade of makeup. These wash cloths make it a breeze to get my makeup off the wash cloth!
Had for a few weeks now. Working great, has enough capacity to last all night long.
The material is wonderful and they washed up great. No need to iron them.
I use these vibrant yellow placemats for outdoor dinners. They are easy to clean. I love the yellow and with our round table they fit perfectly. They arrived wrapped in plastic and on time.
This pillow is the best thing I have ever purchased in my life! It's so comfortable I feel like I'm sleeping in a cloud. It feels like I'm being cuddled on both sides. I'm 29 weeks pregnant at the moment and I have yet to be uncomfortable because of my belly. This pillow is a miracle. I can't even lay on it without sleeping. I do, however have to buy more filling from the pillow losing a little firmness. Also in the picture it looks longer, but that doesn't bother me. I will definitely be using this even after I've had my baby. I 100% recommend this buy. No regrets.
Check the amazon.de site. It is MUCH cheaper there.
These were all Christmas gifts everyone loved their gifts
I still can't believe I dropped this much money on a duvet cover, it was more than the new down comforter we also bought! But I have to say, after just sitting it out in the (very elegant) packaging for about a week while convincing myself it was worth it I just could not bring myself to return it. So I finally unwrapped it and put it on the bed. It's sooooooo nice. The fabric is very nice quality and the print is crisp, deep, and a lot more intricate than a picture can show. The one we selected is all in rich tones of blue on a white background. Our bedroom is a pale yellow color and I wasn't sure I'd like such a strong, single tone like blue in a yellow room, but I do. I experimented with a couple different colored sets of bed linen and really like them all, especially a lighter yellow set and a stark white with some silvery gray accents. All the stitching is very well done and I have not found a single spot that needed attention. Each inside corner has ties that can be used on a comforter that has corresponding tabs, and the ties are just the right length to easily attach without struggling. It has a concealed button closure right at the edge and this makes both sides available to be face up. There were no odd smells when removing it from the packaging. I set it up right from the package, intending to only spread it out to look at then wash, but got lazy and just left it. The fabric is quite stiff with whatever product the manufacturer uses. While it means the cover is pretty much perfect right out of the box in appearances I don't like the stiffness, and it makes a rustling sound similar to waxed tissue paper when moving assertions at night. I plan to gently wash it soon and do not expect any issues from that. We ordered the king size and received king size pillow shams, which I wasn't expecting. It's fine, but we don't have that size pillows and honestly I don't plan to use them for sleeping anyway. I like the trim detail on the shams. Top use them you just insert the pillow through an opening in the center of the back. No buttons or need to fold fabric over anything. I'd also planned to buy a waterproof cover fire the duvet, mostly for the "dust" that down sometimes produces that escapes through fabric, but I don't think I need to with this set. The fabric of this cover is very, very dense and thick. I may still buy one since we have kids and pets, just to be safe. Dunno. So yeah, I do recommend this if you can accept the cost at first. I've never heard of this brand but I also don't buy linens or generally care about that kind of stuff. It came nicely packaged in a fancy cardboard box, wrapped in tissue paper, and neatly folded in a matching cloth bag with handles (that I plan to reuse to carry some files for a monthly meeting). I ordered some simple king sized pillows so I can go ahead and use the shams. I'd purchase this brand again but a seriously don't see this set ever wearing out or getting ratty. Sometimes it's nice to just splurge.
It is difficult to find patchouli that is not too strong. These sachets are perfect. Thank you.
Love this shower curtain was everything I was hoping for !!!!! Great quality and awesome price
Yay, I don't have to vacuum under the bed manually with a hose anymore. This is nice to have as a busy parent.
Perfect size for a queen sleeper sofa with arm rests. Ordered another one as soon as the first one came. Dark Grey matched sofa perfectly.
I'm very happy with this unit. I've read a lot of bad things, but in my case everything is working as it should and I'm very happy with it. I don't however spend a lot of time using it so those of you that are heavy on the soldering may have a more appreciated view than mine.
Great all the way around.
There's a lot of value in price.I'll buy it again, and I'll think about more of that.My son also loves that these platforms can be connected at the bottom and top, so you can stack them up.
Love this so much! I put my tree up early, and realized it was broken:( so I ended up with this one because all the ones in stores were SO expensive! This one was super affordable! Easy to assemble and I currently have Halloween decorations all over it! I love it so much!!'
Perfect for my daughter's Bed. Love how easy it is to put on or take off. Color matched great. Love how it lays too.
I lose hair like it's my job and my plumbing is not a fan. I have not had one issue with clogged drains since I bought this.
exactly what i wanted perfect for mu counter
Smile laundry bag, there are more dirty clothes to see this bag will be happy. Very good quality!
Not beginner level. My 10 yr old is loving this. The colors are bright and the pattern is easy to read.
Use these for my crochet projects to hold pieces in place while stitching them together
Finally sheets that actually fit the Cal. King and are deep enough for a pillowtop mattress. Getting 4 pillow cases was a huge benefit because when you have a king you always use at least four pillows, a practical and nice looking set of sheets
There were no problems with the order. The frames were good quality for the price and the packaging was outstanding.
This bedding set is better then I hoped. In the pictures the pattern on the sheets looks like a gray color. In reality it's a lovely purple like the flowers on the comforter. Nothing shrank when we washed it. It all came out perfect. My daughter loves it.
I love the satin sheets, pillow cases and duvet cover. It is very comfortable and I feel like a princess sleeping in my bed. I would definitely buy these again and other colors. I love everything about this Sad but most of all I love the pillowcases because cotton pillowcases snag my hair and damaging the satin ones keep my hair nice and smooth
Keeps my hair products tidy on my dresser, and prevents them from burning the wood top.
Beautiful filled with candies for kids as a shower gift. Lol..
Didn't dislike anything, perfect for my needs. The white is so pretty it looks like my wreath is hanging with a pretty ribbon.
Best made product out there
As advertised. Quick set up. Very satisfied.
All that I can say is if you need something to clean floor and not able to get down on the floor the you need this mop kit.
Enough to fit in four pairs of shoes
Perfect for my tablet and mouse. It's well made and sturdy.
Absolutely stunning! I love this product! It was much better than what I expected. It looks better than it does in the photograph. I highly recommend it. I love looking at it each time I go in my living room. I couldn't have been more pleased!!
The colors are great! they are super bold! All the pins arrived intact and in working order. The little pins are mini, but they are super cute and i can't wait to make tiny crafts with the tiny humans.
Great rod, sturdy and easy to put up. Has nice decorative ends, exactly as pictured.
So glad I purchased this. No more phones falling out of my hands and on to my face in bed. A huge win.
Wife using as we speak!
At less than $0.50 a hanger I can't beat this price. They are sturdy, standard children's hangers. My 3 and 4 year olds can use these easily and have not broken any so they are rugged enough for my use.
Works great on erasing tailor pencil lines and leaves no residue on the clothing.
Comfortable and durable
It turned out just like the picture I sent. I am getting it matted and framed to give to friends for Christmas. I will do this again.
These are a great color and were packaged very nicely - received with no scratches, easy and quick to assemble. The price was a bit high but I feel like these are pretty good quality. I will probably buy another set soon!
i like it a lot because it's very soft and comfy. good choice!
Used it for storing wedding dress. It is perfectly what I had in mind, as advertised, seems well made.
My son likes it for his minions room!
More than a trash/can it's human, oh yeah simple human, I'm broke, but you can't tell by my kitchen thanks to my sexy STainless STeel back against the wall smooth lid closing machine!!!
This item looks exactly as it's pictured, and it made me so happy that half the money goes to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital
Well made and good price.
The sleep game has been changed. Awesome weighted blanket.
Great product and seller!
This the first I have used this tape. It is hand above the tape I used before. Easier to handle and goes on smoothly.
Very Beautiful!!! Looks nice with my sunflower decor.
Got these for some stocking stuffers for my sticker obsessed daughter. Incredible quality, no repeats, and a great assortment of superheroes, video games, and pop culture. Would be great as a stocking stuffer or gift bag goodies for any school aged kids or sticker obsessed people.
I loved these balloons they were reasonably priced and were great for a birthday party. I made balloon columns with the Minnie heads and they held up very well.
Very pleased with the product, the ease of ordering and the timing of delivery. Thanks.
I am very pleased with this purchase. I bought it because I have a bamboo type a luggage rack in the same room and it really adds to the Casablanca type atmosphere. Would buy again.
Wanted to monitor humidity in the basement to use our de-humidifier and it's great!
LOVE THEM!! I use the to hang lights on the canopy of our camper.
The aprons work great. I like the size and the three pocket use.
Perfect fit, filters look good. Time will tell how long they'll last.
they fit fine, feel good, and plan to buy more in the future, I have made 2 orders for them at this time
I bought a show curtain rail for my bathroom as it was the only way i could put one up without fixings. As the ends could not came off i had to get something that clipped over with a means of closing off the loop once the hook bit had been inserted into tape.Bingo!!!!Chrome show rings looks good and run smoothly. Good quality and just what i wanted.These gold shower curtain rings are stylish as well as functional.
Everything you could ever need to put in slime. My daughter was able to make tons of different slime. Great purchase, great price.
I actually really love these microfiber towels. They work wonders when I'm cleaning stainless steel. They also washed well and did not shrink. Super absorbent.
Very nice looking and sturdy.Very pleased.
Its perfect thank you
I was always losing my glasses in the house. This is a cute and funny way to always know where my glasses are.
As advertised! Worked great in my cricket maker.
This blanket is extremely soft and comfy
Smaller then expected but love it!
Great looking Large clock.
Trimmed down to fit my table. Helped transform the room for my daughter's fairy themed party.
Terrific price well under cost of similar/ same quality at big box stores.
Hung two of these in my closet. The shelf width is perfect for storing CDs, arts and crafts items, books, etc. Easy to put together; looks very nice.
My wife was very pleased when these arrived. Apparently they are even prettier IRL than in pictures.
Love these purse hook! Pretty look and very convenient for ladies room and restaurant, don't need to worry purse bottom dirty anymore, bags would be stolen when hanging on the chairs back, but this fix that, I can have my purse beside me. Also I used this at work just free up lots of space, it seems very strong and good made. Will purchase more as gift for friends and relatives.
I used the product for smelly garbage disposal and a slow bathroom drain. It worked .
So pretty. Big and good quality tea towel. The kind I like for drying glasses.
Perfect size for my butts. I don't have to fight with placing it into the snuffer. I love that they are easy to clean too! Will be ordering more and giving them to my family and friends who need them! I hate burning filters!
Small but powerful. I was pleasantly surprised to see this heater provide heat for my office space. Its adjustable thermostat works perfect and its amazing how quickly it heats up. This space heater warmed everyone next to me and myself all day. I highly recommend for everyone.
This product is more beautiful than it looks on line. I Bought it to put on my bed and it looks beautiful!
Super soft sheets! They were great and just what I was looking for! They are light weight and soft.
I love the taste of the coffee. I purchased it when I was away at a friends house in Florida. He didn't drink coffee so I ran to the organic market, they had this I figured why not try it. I was pleasantly surprised. Now I keep it in my overnight bag and drink it pretty much every morning. A lot easier than taking out my perk pot.
Bought three, two as gifts and one for myself. Well packaged on arrival. Very pleased with this product.
I wanted a space-conscious shelf to display my growing amiibo collection and this works really well for it. I'd say it holds 9 comfortably.
I use mine to function like a wine rack and I keep it with the top open. I think its a great, unique way to store your wine or just as a decorative piece.
These clean up your closet so easily it's silly. I can finally find all my pants, all my skirts, and all my hard to hang up tops and my closet looks great.
I love this color and softness. Couldn't find them available in the stores but I can count on Amazon every time
Have not tried it yet but will do so soon got in time and happy with it thank you
Would never question buying anything from this seller. The most professional and courteous customer service. Went above and beyond to resolve the smallest of issues. Perfection.
These candles smell amazing and are really nicely packaged. Great for a gift or to try the different scents!
The end result was indeed smaller than the advertising pictures but it fit my living room well. It took 2 of us to make sure it was aligned. It has been on my wall for 4 days now without any issues of coming off. A Good Buy!
Super soft and the color is exactly as shown in the picture. Arrived in perfect condition! Very pleased!!
Great buy for storage
Finally, a mattress pad of good quality that fits properly and is the perfect thickness. After trying two other mattress pads and being disappointed, this one is great!
I ordered these to help my Toddler want to start taking baths again. She loves using these with the lights off! Eye light weight. Easy to use. Portable and travels well. I took these with me out of town for all the cousins to use during bath time. It was a hit.
Great price, very soft, beautiful colors, well made.
Little tuff to set but its fine
They add a lot to my appliances. They came very quick
I have expensive colored pencils and this wool felted pencil organizer is perfect for keeping them safe. The color is bright a d cheery a d the wool.felt is thick and strong. The pencil slots are a perfect fit for my pencils. I like it so much I am going to get a second one.
Easy to use. Reasonable price. Company responds to questions!
They are amazing Very high Quality . They stay in place and do not slide around like other Company brands.
I have the blanket for several weeks - it does exceed my original expectations.. so lightweight and comfortable. The price is decent too!
And painted the blades to look like a rainbow while it is working
Great for post cards
So cute in my daughter room
Arrived on time and well packaged. In the winter (in MA) we love sleeping in a cool/cold bedroom, but never looked forward to crawling into those chilly sheets. Now those sheet are nice and toasty when we retire. We set the temp on low about 15 -- 20 minutes before bedtime, go to bed and turn off pad. Works great.
I am trying to do what Jesus said... and drink a glass of wine a day...for my stomach. I observed my son always wrestling with opening a new bottle and becoming increasingly frustrated, with the process. ...I noticed... I checked out the ones advertised on TV... for a small fortune and then found this type, which I didn't' even know existed! I began reading reviews on Amazon and chose this one. It was a Christmas gift for my son and he loves it! No more stress over opening a bottle of wine! He has fun and it is so fast! It 's fun to watch, as well! Cool blue light. A quality made product, slick packaging and looks much more expensive, than it is. Extra pieces included are very nice. Fabulous gift!
I put these up around my classroom and my home. I put one on my front door because I think it's important for people to be uplifted.
Everything was just as described. Arrived as advertised and easy to install
Wow you get so much for your money and they look amazing!!
My granddaughter loves it
Looks exactly as pictured and fits my pillows perfectly! Was able to get both pillow cases on without any threads snapping, so that says a good bit about the stitching quality! Will definitely buy from the brand again when looking to freshen up the look of my house!
Super cute! She loved it! Good quality
These are such a deal! High quality at a low price. Super soft and comfy and the colors are perfect. Definitely going to buy more. Love these!
I really like these boxes for shoe organization. They may be a little taller than most shoe boxes, so if you plan to put them on shelves stacked two high, be sure that your shelves are tall enough. They are large enough to hold two pair of flats, so I was able to put about 20 pair in 12 boxes. Great!
These are good size and very colorful
Awesome way to enjoy a glass of your favorite bourbon. The shape does help aerate the bourbon
These fit my small decker and black wireless vacuum well. And the price is good. Will buy again when out of usage.
We originally bought these almost ten years when our youngest was playing sports and they saved our backs when we sat on bleachers a lot. We lost one recently so time for a new pair. So happy to find them on Amazon! We cover them with nice material with a velcro closure so we can take off and wash. The best cushion you can find.
I love this light! It is perfect for my nursery. It also gives off great light for the midnight feedings.
Bought these for a senior adult Valentine party and they worked great. Good quality and easy to use.
Colors are accurate, just the paint peels eventually
Perfect size. Does its job as advertised. No odor, good pocket size.
These are very handy! Each marker has the same color but one end is more of a thicker marker but as big as a regular marking pen. The other is a fine tip marker for doing more detailed work. Great for adult coloring books or anywhere you would need a fine point or a marker not as thick as the regular ones.
Love this humidifier. It's nice looking, easy to use, makes no noise, and the night light is very subtle. I bought a 2nd one for my daughter and I'm going to buy my niece one too
Very Nice Poster! Fast Delivery!
These crochet hooks are the absolute best for comfort and ease of use. I can't recommend them highly enough.
I own dogs, and they run all over the house and pee sometimes on my floors. However, this product was great for removing it! It completely gets rid of the stain and cleans it perfectly. I also use it to steam other products, and this cleaner offers great value for its price. I recommend this product to anyone considering it!
Nice set. I find more uses as I go.
This hanger can install behind the door, very convenient and does not take up space. You can hang things that are not commonly used, or something like hats and scarves. By the way, you need to make sure that your gap is enough for this hanger.
They are perfect! They match everything and are very helpful in locating keys and such!
Absolutely wonderful. I was hesitant about the price and the thread count initially but completely satisfied. Definitely ordering more
Work great and a great value.
Nothing to dislike, it is handsome, soft, light and easy to clean.
These are really good for blacking out the light from coming into our bedrooms. With street lights out side these curtains s have worked great taking care of not letting the light into the rooms.
Very attractive in color and good in size. It completely matches with the bathroom accessories you see when you search for this on amazon.
Good quality and good size for candy bags
I love my Aroma essential diffuser! Its easy to assemble, just take off the top,add water and essential oil and turn it on. The Mist button has 5 different time operations and also changes to 7 different colors that lights up my room.It really helps with my allergies! I have it next to me while I'm sleep and it clears my nasal passages! I can actually breathe better at night.Its small and very quiet.you can smell the aroma in the air.
This was a great deal
MARILYN IS TIMELESS AND THIS POSTER IS GREAT
These smell so good! They are great to use in diffusers and just on your skin. I like to use coconut oil to kind of dilute it. They work well and you get a good variety. Definitely recommend!
Very nice sign, love it
Great Customer Service! Thank you...
Have had neck pain for some time, unable to find the right pillow. This is it!
These pins are perfect for embroidery, small, sharp and love the glass ball ends.
These flowers are bright and look real which I loved and price is great. You can do alot with them and will be purchasing another pack just to have 😁
Beautiful color! Wonderful fit! No, they're not SUPER-soft--but definitely soft enough. Just like the percale sheets I remember from my youth, they've a 'crisp' finish & don't make me sweat. They might soften the more they're washed, but I love them now, having been washed only once. Amy wrinkles flatten out when put on the breed. And they even fit my mattress pocket!
This is definitely the best pillow I have ever own. It's vary soft and the material is excellent. This pillow doesn't go flat down like others I have had. It just as the high hotel have. I sleep vary comfortable and the pillow adjust with my head. I totally highly recommend.
These are incredibly soft. I use them for my children and they actually like them as is, so I don't bother putting a second case over it. The zipper is tiny, but strong. Great product.
Got it for my friend and he love it!
Just what I needed. Made 12 bars of soap. Easy to get soap out.
I really like these delicate flowers. However, I bought many bundles, as I needed to fill up a large pot. They are tiny flowers. You will need more than you assume. But I think the "look" is worth buying extra.
Worked well & look nice.
I'm very pleased with my travel clothes steamer. It came sooner than I expected, and it works great!
Great for storing bikes at campground and light enough to move around but still sturdy for the bikes.
The blanket is super soft and warm! Our dog laid with me on it and she would not get up! It's lightweight and the color pattern is very nice. Great buy!
Exactly as described.
A little small.. only good for cupcakes decoration or treats
What a great invention. This blanket actually cuddles you and puts you to sleep!!
I love these curtains! They are so beautiful and they block the sun better than a mini blind!
I purchased this product for myself. Having serious chronic arthritis, I felt my Chakras needed to be aligned. The 18 pieces are beautiful. The engraved stones and tumbled stones are the best I have seen (in a beginners kit). As I opened each piece I was amazed at the great value which included a bracelet, necklace, and pendant. The pyramid energy generator would cost more than the whole box in my area.
Seems to work great, my room gets really damp and almost every day this thing collects a ton of water. Super small and compact and easy to set up anywhere, would highly recommend!
Bought as a gift for a close friend. She loved it. It's great quality.
I bought 2 different micro fiber cloths on Amazon and this one was so much better than the other. This cloth was nice and thick with a soft touch. You will not be disappointed with this purchase.
I needed a new throw blanket for our couch and didn't want to spend an arm and a leg. This throw blanket is extremely soft and well priced. I snuggle with it every night! Machine washable so I don't have to worry about my dogs fur and slobber getting on it. Matches my grey decor perfectly too!
Loved this. Very cute.
I liked that the price is good and that it seems to meet the same criteria as the other one though it does seem a little lighter. The main thing I like is that I cannot smell or taste chlorine. I have used this brand and model several times now.
Smell is little bit weird but I like to use it.
Awesome and easy to set up!
Beautiful I got this to give to someone.
Super cute for my daughters nursery shelves. I ordered an additional one
I don't know why I couldn't attach a picture in there by any tech reason. I just received this today. light, sample, and useful. it can save my toothbrush goes moldy.
This is a very useful sewing kit. All the little tools in the set are very good. The kit is not very big. It can also fit in your travel luggage.
They are wonderful. Truly black out.
Good quality product for the price. Nice fabric, sturdy, holding up well.
Love these sheets! They arrived very quickly. After the initial wash they softened right up. I love the quilted end to the fitted sheet, makes it easy to put on and a snug fit!
We use this fan in our office space, clipped on to a window ledge. The clip is sturdy and holds well. Battery life is good. USB charger cord means we can plug it right into the computer monitor when it needs to be recharged.
LOVE THIS! I feel so organized having this! LOL my lids aren't just thrown into a drawer. I put this on the wall and not in a cabinet, our place is small and so are our cabinets. :) Obviously, you must screw it into the walls, but once it is in, it's pretty secure. The lids don't fall off or even move. I have small lids to large lids on it. I wish I would have bought this a long time ago!
Love this product. This is a beautiful purple color.
We eliminated a large futon bunk bed that was used on an infrequent basis by the granddaughters. I bought 2 25" wide tri fold mattress. These cases are 31" wide which allows room for the bedding to be packed with the mattress. I like how the zipper opens on three sides. Makes it much easier to put away until the next time we use them.
Arrived early, made well and I was impressed by each piece were individually packaged!
So far i love this product. It's easy to refill and holds a lot of soap. I also like that you can control how mush soap is dispersed.
I loved it and ordering another one!
Nice product. Works very well.
My cat took to this pillow right away!
Gave as a gift with succulent plants and pots
Cute small gems. It was perfect for our little project. Thank you!!
Product is exactly as described
Awesome - looks even better in person love it!!
This is a great weighted blanket. It's high quality, and super comfortable. I would highly recommend this brand!
I move to a larger apartment but left behind more closets. These will save me a ton of room.
Daughter loves this. Very vivid colors. Better than expected
A nice looking and great way to put a few extra towels in the bathroom.
Great quality, happy with product
Great little fan. I use for air circulation in my room. I stick on window sill in front of the open window. It's also nice for a soft white noise while sleeping.
For the money it is definitely worth it very comfortable
I would say everything is great, all I dislike is it is too small for me.
Nice for my suits and have a gripping texture to keep pants from sliding off. A bargain
I'm very happy with this Batman bedding set. Sheets and comforter are very soft and nicely made. Looks great on a twin bed.
My daughter LOVES this pillow! Super soft and comfy. We have already had to wash it due to a spill and it held up perfectly.
This kit includes everything you could possibly need to knit or crochet. The materials look good quality and the organizer box is really practical. The knitting needles are a bit on the short side, but work perfectly fine for smaller projects.
and nice and useful for the bathroom makes a good impression
Very nice throw! Soft, good quality, used in a guest room.
Given as a gift to my pregnant niece.
Product is easy to clean and worth the money.
I would highly recommend. Very good quality and big enough to hold many types of fruit. I'm so glad that I purchased this product.
The softness is awesome!
We have recently downsized from a house to an apartment while we search for a new house. We don't have much storage room and I bought two of these caddies. They are perfect. We have hung them from our bed and they are a great catch-all for laptops, journals, phones, remotes, etc.
Looks nice and was easy to hang, seems like it's a good material
No issues true to all the reviews I read before purchase
Works well for the price. It folds my shirts nice and evenly and creates more room in my dresser drawers
I really love this mattress protector, It went on easily and fits well, I also like the smooth feel,
So far I love it for the price, it does record the highs and the lows and mine even come with the battery
I've used this on a number of projects: taking a car dealer's name off the trunk lid of my car, getting the sticky residue off a window where weatherstripping had been, cleaning a stove. The only place it fell short was cleaning excess caulk from around a sink. It worked no better than plain water.
My husband is enjoying his bedding. That makes me happy.
Very cute and good quality. It made lots of kids very happy!
Perfect for my slacks and skirts because they clips hold securely and move back and forth fairly easily.....and the hook swivels. Perfect!
Granddaughters loved them
I like that they burn for hours and I'm really getting my money 💰 worth from them. I
This is an amazing product. Had some mold issues in my bathroom. The mold was gone by the time I worked my way to the other side. They are serious when they say use in well ventilated area.
I was looking for organization in the closets in my Coachmen RV and these were perfect! They are great for clothing and shoes. Shoes on the bottom shelf weight it down a little which is ideal for keeping the organizer in place. The length is perfect hanging from the rod the organizer reaches all the way to the bottom of the closet!
Great deal on clips and very worth it, sturdy and easy to use, making organizing in the office easier
Great set of flags for Super Bowl or for a football party for kids or even adults. These are better than I expected. They are about 10 inches tall and very sturdy. Very good quality flags. Great to put around for decoration or stick in food dishes. Definitely recommend!
Really great quality hangers. They arrived quickly and in perfect condition. I love the clean appearance and ability to swivel the hook.
Talk about awesome toys... This is it!!! I bought this for my daughter's birth and she hasn't stopped playing with it since she opened it. Its an amazing gift for a budding artist.
I use this all the time. It's very easy to use, lightweight and can fit into most book bags
These are colorful photos and I enjoy them!
I really like this vacuum because it's quiet, light, and has great suction! It picks up things that my old dirt devil vacuum couldn't; all the while, using a fraction of the power. The charge lasts way longer than what I need for my 2 bedroom apartment which has carpet, hardwood, and bathroom tile. It does a great job picking up my dog's hair as well. Overall, this is such an affordable, high quality vacuum cleaner and so I will strongly recommend it especially to those who have pets!
I had bought these for my mom since her hands are getting where she can't clasp necklaces very well. She loves them. Thank you Cindy.
Huge hit on the desk of the Receptionist at work! Everyone loved that the cute scoop was magnetic and attached to the outside of the cover.
Although these didn't fit my Mom's sink at all, the return process was a breeze. So, for that I am giving high marks.
Cute! Grabbed these to use in the cat ward of our animal clinic.
Does what it's supposed to do. Very easy to set up.
Dress fit perfectly in here
This air cooler works great. It has a strong air output and it's easy to carry. I like that it has a removable tray so that it can be drained with ease without having to wait for it to run out of water. It works while connected via USB even if the battery is fully discharged. The air ionizer function appears to work as a small buzzing noise can be heard when the feature is turned on.
fit my weighted blanket well
It is a good thing hard magnetic
These pillows arrived in a compressed bag. Once I took them out, they were the perfect size for our king size pillow cases. These pillows have practically soft my neck problems. They form perfectly to my head and they were extremely affordable compared to department store pillows. It seems like their quality is equal to 100$ pillows.
GOT IT RIGHT AWAY, NO HASSLES WITH PACKAGING, WORKS LIKE OEM.
These worked awesome at our party - I used them to float pearls
Handy little heater, gets the job done, affordable, compact. Not loud at all.
Beautiful..just as described. Great sale!
Great lights, lots of install options. Really brightened up my basement.
I've been using these for cord winders under desks and vanities. Easy to install under desks and in areas where I need to take up some Slack on electrical cords. Perfect size. Low profile keeps them from getting hung up on stuff. Also used them in a closet and they are effective and strong
I have a few large Scentsy warmers and dont buy from them any more due to cost. The bulbs fit perfectly! The work great! Seem to last a long time as I have yet to change one!
The pictures tell at all! I absolutely love them and have received many compliments. Very pleased!
We bought one for us before Christmas, and given the price, comfort, and warmth we gave several more as gifts. It weighs nothing , but is very warm.
I love this! I'm working on a project for my son and this is perfect for this job! It's exactly what I was looking for!
Actually pretty good for a 1 time use!! They look nice!
These have been a godsend for me to use for fine detail work on my paintings.
these are oven mitts. i like them.
These are small but thick and absorbent. The colors are saturated and not dull. They are very attractive, and do their job of drying glasses nicely.
Bought this to give my third bathroom shower a nice design pop and it does it's job. Good quality material and looks great.
They work. I use them at the office for my glasses and laptop. Good price.
I loved that the labels were reusable, and the styles fit perfectly with my needs, so I waited about a half hour before handling the label after I wrote on them
It makes me look like a professional chef.
I absolutely love this shelf. It looks so nice in our bedroom. We are so happy with this product!
The pictures do not do it justice. Very nice product. Very festive.
I have this hanging in my office at work. Everyone that comes in comments on it and thinks it's awesome.
It is so much easier to use because you can see through it and the numbers are easy to read. Great buy.
works great. love this product!
this works so well!! the tank is huge and last literally all day and through the night (on sleep mode)! so quiet and works awesome
Bought it for my older sister
Looks beautiful in my shower
these are life savers! help me add some color to my wreath.
Great fit on my twin XL deep pocket mattress. It help my sheets stay on much better than before. I Have only been using it for about 2 months. Seems like it is durable. Very breathable. Good value for the price. Thinking about purchasing more for other beds.
Excellent service. Absolutely no problems.
They stick really well to your face, can last all day at a music festival!
great broom. they don't make them like this any more. would compare this to the Amish made brooms I used to buy. wide surface area and seems to catch the tiniest crumb. would buy again
Very lightweight and portable. I love that It gives weather and time in military time and regular time. I travel frequently and I can toss it in my bag and go. The backup light stays on roughly 10 seconds to give that extra smidge as you are getting in bed after turning off the room lights. Very please with purchase.
I was pleased how soft they were. New sheets are somewhat stiff and have to be washed a couple times. These were great from the get-go. I'm very pleased.
Started using this. Smells good. Most importantly my toilet looks good.
Stands out very for a little guy
Loved that they were so well made and fit perfect
Comes in handy at pool/beach
Beautifully made and I liked the packaging. Gifted it to my bf and he loved it too.
I get lots of compliments on this set.
It fits my double (full sized bed) well. It's very simple, no frills exactly what I wanted. It washes well too.
I was kind of skeptical about getting this but when it arrived it really surprised me. It's a really nice selection of HTV and they include a transfer cloth and the tweezers. The backing on the vinyl has a nice stiffness. and the vinyl itself has a nice smooth texture, not gummy or sticky. Overall, I would buy again especially if they have a larger pack or a pack of specific colors.
These covers fit snugly and are very comfortable. They seem to stat in place well. I am very happy with my purchase.
Very good quality and price. Love the color and hue it gives during the day.
But it turns out, if you're gentle with the product it sticks very well! Having fingernails certainly helps too. I only had two of the smallest white dots refuse to stick to the glass. If these continue to cling like they have tonight (first time applying them), I'll be back for this product next year!!!
They were perfect for a sea theme party. They arrived in perfect condition. Thanks.
I purchased 5 of these nets and sent them to a friend and his family in Haiti. He said they work great!
The first thing I noticed about this toothbrush holder is how well it's made. The materials used and the welding makes this toothbrush holder far superior than others I've held before. The stainless still goes well with all theme you may have in your restroom. Highly recommend it!
Arrived in a very timely manner, and well packaged. These hangers work for skirts, shorts and pants. I like that the clips are sturdy and below a bar because this keeps the clips from catching on other clothing. Terrific product.
Fabulous product. I have only done 1 small room at this point but am quite anxious to get to the next one. I have cork floors and this worked great.
Nice towels and great color!!! They were a gift and the recipient loves them! They're perfect!!
Burns faster than expected.
I have only had it a short time but it is amazing. Easy to set up with my IPhone and I have had no problems yet.
I loved the deal I got with these chokers, as I was buying one by one when I saw one of interest that was cheap, but this 5-piece set?! Perfect. I've tried most of them all and they all work fine, there are no issues so far. I haven't had any pop off, or pieces fall off. There are so many different, intricate designs that you will find fits perfect with at least one of your outfits. I'm the type of person that has to have everything to match, and this 50 piece choker set allows me to do just that. They also are organized perfectly, by laced, charmed, velvet/color, and a separate pouch of the elastic chokers which come in a variety of colors and designs.
The curtain rod and square finial look great in my traditional home. Good quality and great price point.
This makes a great mat to use with my Cricut Easypress. It has a large surface area and stays put.
Beware, make smores first. There are all kinds of toxins in packets; however, the effects are spectacular!
This was exactly what I wanted and needed.
These are sturdy with no slop in them.
they are very nice and work great
This comforter is fabulous!! I love how cozy it makes my bed look. I use it year round as it keeps me warm in the winter and is just light enough to be perfect for every season.
I got the 6 foot tree and fit perfect for an apartment. Be away 6 foot means including the stand and the long top piece that the angel or star sits on. It fluffed out well but will need to vacuum before and after assembly.
nice looking fan, but the power is not that strong. Put extra ice water into the fan to make the air cooler. It is a nice decor for the office though.
Fits snug and is very dramatic for a costume. Looks just like the photos shown.
I was so glad to have found a source for these hard to find bags. They arrived on time.
I loved how easy it was to peel off .
Perfect for starter sewers. I need a bigger one now but, nice for those just starting.
I use these to hold my razor in the shower. I've had it about 4 months and it hasn't fallen once.
You will literally get in a good mood when you stand on this rug. It's so incredibly soft and plush with memory foam like squishiness. I have tile all over my house which can hurt my feet and ankles so I bought this to go under my bathroom sink which is where I stand to do my makeup in the mornings. I stand on this slice of heaven and am instantly in an amazing comfort zone that perks my whole day up as well as puts me in a happy mood- ITS THAT COMFORTABLE
Is the same of the picture I like to much
Very pretty. I used them as trivets for hot dishes as dinner. They worked great.
These little things are great.
Durable and feels soooo lovely. Washed several times and the color has not faded will purchase some more.
I lived this diamond art
This is the perfect product for the beach or at home while playing games. Is very strong and charges fast with its internal battery. Love it!
The pillow is really good hand feeling and comfortable. It supports my neck really god and gave me a good flight.
I was looking for some cotton towels to clean and dry delicate wine glasses without leaving lint behind. These flour sack towels are great for doing just that and so much more! They are huge - larger than any kitchen towel I've ever bought. I used them to dry other dishes and glasses, wipe up my counter, and to clean my cat's food bowls. I feel better about using these towels instead of a million paper towels since they are washable! I love the large 14 pack too.
Easy to install. Exactly what I was looking for you cool my large room.
I like that I can trust that if there is an accidental leakage from incontinence, it will not go through the mattress cover.
Better than $15.00 decals i bought!!!
It stays up! Even when opening and closing the curtains every single day. Very sturdy and easy to install.
Arrived the day after i ordered them
Love that it looks great and saves desk space with the universal calendar!
Very well made. I like the product.
It's authentic and offers portable carry styling with an added shoulder strap and storage.
Nice looking product
Too expensive, but loved the product.
Perfect - got tired of the velvet hangers. Clothes were always hard to get on and off the hangers but these are so easy and space saving.
I like the new shower curtain I purchased. It good quality and you can see the quote well.
This pattern is adorable. Easy to use and with clear directions, you too can create your own shoulder dragons.
The textile is very stiff, just what you want to hold the pretty pleats
Can't say enough about this picture I absolutely love it
Perfect for holding several cookbooks, a few of them quite large
Perfect!! I was going to try to gather the materials to make this for my grand daughter but once I saw this I was sold. It is made well, seams are sturdy zippers are nice. You couldn't make this item for the amount they sell it for. It was well worth it and will be plenty useful for the kids to sleep on or watch tv.
My sister is a nurse...got it for her she loved it!
Handsome looking hooks. Unlike others I managed to get them nearly level and still have the gun level. The finish is mediocre but still acceptable and looks nice as it is. The hooks are padded as well.
Great quality spacer beads and I love that they already come in a storage container.
Very fast delivery, can't wait to install and use it, didn't disappoint me, very good. The warm wind quickly blows my hands. The machine is not big but the drying speed is very fast and it only takes a few seconds to complete.
Great quality - the paper wasn't slick so my labels stuck well.
Stick well, peel easy and stay on the wall. Exactly what I was hoping for my nursery. We had painted the walls and no damage done.
Lightweight, powerful, easily replaceable batteries, easy to clean. If you buy a “Hero” kit, also order the Hard Floor LED blue brush.
It was a good size. Worked well, very happy with it.
The molds came very quickly and worked great. The soaps turned out beautifully. I am very pleased with the results.
Written specs make it sound like may not fit with 5" mattress, but it fits perfectly.
This towel is a really nice addition to my collection. The microfiber is super soft, and it feels great against my skin. The colors are vibrant and haven't bled or anything. The microfiber material can be slightly hesitant to absorb at first and just lets liquid sit in the surface (with something like a spill or very wet skin) but does fine after a second or two. I wouldn't call it oversized in width, but it's definitely long which I appreciate! It's folds or rolls down nice and compact. Overall, not a bad purchase for the pool bag or in my car during the rainy season!
Got these for our sons on their birthdays and they are a hit not only with them but us too!
The quality here is excellent and matches sheets I paid about $15 more for. I love that this has 4 pillow cases as I prefer to swap those out on a weekly basis while I wash my sheets biweekly. Just kidding, that's a total lie but I still love them just in case I did that.
I suffer with chronic pain especially in my neck and back. I have tried every kind of pillow out there only to end up with more pain and suffering. I slept on my new pillow for the first time last night and it was the BEST sleep I've had in a really long time!!! I know it has only been one night and maybe too early to review it but that one night made quite an impression and I'm looking forward to many more nights like it!!!
I have an old tub that is sloped inward which causes it to be dangerous when showering. This mat give you that little extra grip to prevent slipping.
This is super beautiful; however, it is very tedious to put up. The pieces are delicate and break very easy. Make sure when you place it on the wall, it is where you want it; otherwise, it will take your paint off if you try to remove it. I had to purchase 2. If you purchase this product, please take your time putting it together.
Great product! I bought this as a gift and I know it will be used for many years as my son is just beginning his military career. Website was helpful, specifically the video showing how to use the Pin-it card with a USCG uniform. Smart idea/tool, that I'd recommend to anyone serving in the U.S. military.
These 7 inch take-apart scissors make excellent kitchen shears! We much prefer this pair with the original handles and simple blade design. The handles are easy to keep clean, and there are no extra gadget features to try not to cut yourself on while washing the dishes. The very fact that these are standard scissors that come apart for washing is precisely what makes them exceptional. They are less expensive too than the soft grip handle version marketed as kitchen shears. This is our second pair of these. The previous ones did not wear out; they were exposed to a problem turkey this past thanksgiving and had to be discarded. So glad to find this pair to replace our previous pair.
Love this seat! My two year old is potty trained but too small to sit on a regular toilet seat. This is so convenient for taking along places with us. It's also great for keeping in our small first floor bathroom so my son has it to use but it doesn't take up too much space.
GREAT price and just as beautiful as ANY Scentsy warmer!!!
A little smaller than I thought.
Super easy to use and reliable
This machine works awesome I did have an issue with it and the company actually sent me a new one to replace it all within a week thank you Terry for the great service
Easy to set up, looks great, gives time, temperature and humidity in room. Highly recommended.
I love this bundle. What a great set for the price. Fits my sprocket photos perfectly. Would order this set again
Just what I needed! Lightweight, very soft, washed up beautifully. Very satisfied!
Perfect for broken blush or powder. So glad I bought saved me from throwing out expensive makeup
Initially I thought they sent the wrong color but once I got to blowing they were exactly what I ordered. Great quality, not a very thick balloon and very durable. They were even easy to blow with your mouth.
Cute, practical and affordable product. Arrived quickly and is an easy shelving solution for my daughter's clothes.
Well made and the 21' looks great with a tabletop size tree (2-3 ft).
very convenient to have and great material, very hard plastic , bright colors
Nice would order again
Works great! Easy to store! Love it!
This vintage-look jewelry box is actually metal and very sturdy. The inside of the box is divided into into 2 sections. The top section for rings and underneath you can put small bracelets. The inside is very soft and plush. There is no lock on this jewelry box which didn't matter to me.
They hold pretty good,
Absolutely love the quality and the price! Color is lovely and vibrant - perfect addition to my kitchen!
I love this pitcher! I filled it with cotton stems and put it in my bathroom and it looks great!
Heavy duty, great for coats and everything with weight...
Makes them want to get on the pole!
Once calibrated, a great little gauge.
Love everything about this product!!!
Just like a regular blue gun, works fine with no problem, average pre-heat time.
I loved this product! Very durable material and easy to clean!
LOVE the size. Carry 5 pillows inn it and there's still room!
I like the smell. Buy in bulk helps.
Exactly what i was looking for. Arrived promptly.
Excellent! Exactly what I needed for the boots in my closet that were slumped over. Plus I like the bright colors.
I ended up returning this bag only because it was too big for what my son needed it for. He needed something to travel with. Read the remarks. This is a great bag but is very, very large. I still give it five stars even though it wasn't what we needed. Good quality.
I purchased these do do fingerprint crafts with Kay students and toddler. Worked perfectly! They washed off fingers easily.
Perfect size for my grandsons Nursery Bear theme!
Box is well made. The cotton is thin, but over all very nice. The price was great
These are fantastic!!!
You use two tabs, back to back over the torn hole. The adhesive seems strong and so far, so good. I was really happy seeing as how these were brand new blinds, and one already broke!
I've used mine a lot when a larger surface, (ironing board), is not needed. It's portable, light & is a good pressing station.
Perfect for dusting my light fixtures
The sheets has a really nice satiny feel and very expensive weight for the inexpensive cost. This is the second pair i have purchased. The only complaint i have is that they do not fit tight on the bed leaving lots of folds.
As described and pictured. Perfect for small spaces. Warehouse deal yay!
OMG!! This pillow is so comfortable! Is my favorite! My wife is so jealous, that she tried to steal it from me lol. Welk I have back problems and problems sleeping until I bought this pillow! Now I sleep like a baby! Absolutely love it!
Love the fan. I used it at my desk at work and work fantastic, perfect size Product came fast.
Worked as expected. Never buying laundry soap again!
I bought these to scrub the bugs off my car, they worked great!
Working for a dermatologist I have way tooo much stuff. But this keeps it all organized. It's Sturdy,and works great! I have it in my drawer . Holds a lot
everything seems to work fine
Was just as expected.
This blanket has become one of my favorite things I own. I really look forward to using it after a long day, it is very soothing. I wasn't sure how I would use it, for sleep or relaxing, but here is what I have experienced: I cannot sleep under it, it is better for TV watching or reading. It actually really helps me to fall asleep, but inevitably I wake up because it's too restricting and I have to throw it off of me. That said, nothing is better for reading or watching TV with this throw. It really helps me wind down at night.
Exactly what I needed!
Will be great for travel
Really like this mattress pad
I used to have 2 containers on my counter top, one for cotton balls and the other for Q-tips. This organizer looks clean and has given me more counter space! I love it!
Looks really good. Great addition to home.
Nice sturdy big storage cubes. Prefect for organizing home and storing seasonal clothes or bedding.
A good looking cube storage. The velcro is the correct amount to keep the top close but it is still easy to open.
Will go great with my new dining set
Works great on stains
Product was delivered quickly and as described. I would buy these again.
I bought these pillow covers for our guest rooms. I pre-washed them with great results- no shrinkage or fraying. They fit well, and I was impressed with the zippers for the money. I have not used these pillows, but I have been impressed thus far, and expect them to last many years.
Best addition to my kitchen utensil drawer! Awesome sharp scissors for herbs & also great for shredding spinach for meals for my 1.5 year old. Will purchase a pair for my mom & sister. 5 stars!
100% recommend. I love it so much. it's soft and easy to clean.
Helped me prove how hot my girlfriend's house was. I'm sweating at 80° while everyone else is sitting around like it's normal to be 80° inside.
Purchased 3 for a birthday party. They look great, and were a good thick material. Washed easily. Would purchase again.
After attending various of concerts I decided to try out these earplugs, feeling already a negative affect of my hobby. So I gave them a shot and have to say they work really well. They are comfortable to wear and have a perfect fit in the ear. They took off the sound, protecting my ear, without losing any of the sound clarity. Before I tried some traditional ear plugs, but to my dismay, they influence the sound itself too much, muffling and dulling it. These ear plugs gave me the full experience of the concert and I was left with no pain or ringing sound in my ear. I am super hyped about them and will definitely use them from now on. The little tube is convenient as well no to lose them, since they are so small. I can only recommend them for any lover of music.
My son loves this so much...love that you can dim the light. It's lightweight and perfect in size!
Slim and nice looking.
Purchased this remote to replace a remote for my Carrier that is probably 30 years old. It works perfect!
I like the appearance and the quality of the comfort set.
I love this fan, it works pretty well as a white noise machine and it won't take up your whole nightstand
The item was exactly was looking for. Great quality, great price!
It has proper container capacity, exactly as I thought.At the same time it has?the capacity of waterproof. Matches my kitchen and bathroom area. It works well and looks beautiful even after several days.you can buy it without worry.
AWESOME! I'm just afraid someone is going to steal him. He's good size too.
Very vibrant glow I love them and I will definitely be ordering again. Thank you in advance
item as described, very easy to install with 2 screws. flush with the wall and looks very clean.
yay! I love my tile scrubber but the original was getting gross due to use. When I bought my scrubber I didnt realize it had refills, but one would assume it would. So glad I found it!
Bought this for my mom, she loves it!
Makes my front door pop!
I love this scale! I didn't have any issues at all. Very good scale at a great price. The app is intuitive and keeps track of the history for different profiles.I love the fact that it links directly to my phone and inputs all the data such as; weight, BMI, water mass, bone mass, etc! Packaged very well, lightweight, and even came with batteries! I highly recommend this item!
Good quality cleaning kit for airbrushes. Has everything needed to effectively clean airbrushes.
Scent free, helps to suck up bad smells in shoes and closets. I keep some at work in my shoes and in all of my closets at home.
Got this beautiful light box as a gift for my friend and she absolutely loves it, goes perfectly with her room and she was so happy to receive this as a gift. Makes her room great and adds so much style.
Did what I needed to do, looks great
Soft. I don't sweat in these in summer like with the ones I bought these to replace. Good purchase.
Everything good! It works very well .Ibought this grinder because I wanted to save time and control the quality of ground meat I was using at home, The item was delivered on time . Easy to set up and, by following the instructions, was easy to use. If you are looking for a good light-duty home grinder, this is a top pick in my opinion.
Great quality. The back looks just as nice as the front. The ties are adjustable Velcro. I need them to adjust a little bit smaller than they do but overall I love these curtains. I'm ordering a 2nd set.
I can hang them all up neatly in my pantry and save space. It works wonderful.
Best nights sleep I've had since l've been pregnant :) but I'm already the type that has to sleep with a bunch of pillows around me so even when I'm not pregnant I think I'll sleep with this :) very comfortable:)
I bought them the first time they were offered and loved them! I have some in my camper and my house and I even gave some away. I throw them in the washer every once in a while.
Great product. Works very well. A big time saver!
This is handy device. Lightweight but sturdy. It makes window cleaning much easier.
We love this spray! It's natural and we don't worry about using it in our rv around our pets. Really love the little flip on the nozzle that ensures it's closed and won't leak. The smell is fresh and clean, never overwhelming and it keeps our dog beds fresh smelling as well.
Started working from home in a call center type of work. Unfortunately it requires sitting at the computer for more hours than I'm used to so my rump/tail bone would start hurting. Since getting this I can comfortably sit thru linger shifts and even elevate my feet without getting tailbone pain.
Works well: absorbant and washes well
I love this camera, so easy to use and crystal sharp pictures. Great camera for the price, easy to use. Excellent snap and go camera with rechargable batteries small enough for a pocket good clear pictures good value for money.
I got this as part of a joke costume for a trip. Ironically I had numerous compliments on it from people who thought it was real. To be honest it is a pretty good fake from a passing glance. The best fake chain I've seen. I need to order more as my nephew broke it when playing with it.
These things are super hecking soft. Your feet like sink in and they don't slide or anything. Real good
Easy install and a great price
Just received these yesterday and put one to the test this morning. I was making a mandarin salad which included orange jello. Major spill as I put it in the fridge. The first thing I grabbed to avoid catastrophe was the new white dish rag. Cleaned up the mess pronto - so absorbent- and left me with what I thought would be permanent bright orange stains all over the cloth. Rinsed in hot water and it's perfectly white. I'm order another set -- don't want to be without these. I wish I had taken a before and after picture to show you what I mean.
I needed very lightweight vacuum after surgery for awhile. Other similar vacuums do not have this suction. It is also really handy to grab to pick up things off kitchen floor as needed. Also being able to use as handheld is awesome too because it is so easy to grab and other handhelds are sometimes overkill with their weight.
This pillow has been so helpful for my chronic pain. I love the shape and the length. The one thing I'd change is the amount of stuffing. It needs to be stuffed more so the stuffing doesn't displace so much with regular use. Great otherwise!
I like how the rake like piece on the dust pan gets off the hair and dust bunnies that stick to the broom. To be honest I didn't know what the extra metal piece was for .... to extend .... until I just started this review! But I like the idea. I like this better than any other broom and dustpan set I've ever had.
Burnt down exactly as it should...will buy again.
Just received these sheets and laundered them. They washed well and are extremely soft. Very few wrinkles. I bought two extra pillow cases as the set only comes with two. Great value!
Super cute for a theatre room
Just had some overnight guests, and they raves about the sheets, asking where we got them.
They work! Great in my bedroom during summer high humidity months
my favorite brand at great prices!
Love it! I have a ton of shoes and it needed to be organized even bought two! Could be more on the sturdy side but mostly holds up and my closet looks great
Heavy enough to stay in place and easy enough to slip on the new towel. No excuses now accepted for leaving an empty towel holder!
it looks nice and matches our bathroom tiles.
These are very thick on the ends with the cotton, if you like that look. I love them, very full looking
I expected the product to be nice but I was pleasantly surprised, beautifully made with very nice details
They fit my machine perfect.
I thought there was no hope left for my wool rug after my dog soiled it badly. My friend recommended stomp pads and they are amazing! I would have thrown out a $1200 rug if I hadn't found out about stomp pads.
Works great for hanging my concert ukulele. Easy to install. Stays well in drywall. Neck sits perfectly in the grippers, which are padded with the coating.
Really powerful fan even when it is on low it circulates a lot of air.
Not the quietest thing in the world, but it isn't terribly loud, it's a great price, and works well.
Easy to assemble. I thought this was way sturdier compared to other racks that I have bought in the past. Doesn't look trashy or poor quality, so I would definitely say it's worth the purchase.
I am a faithful Nag Champa consumer. And I had never tried the white sage until recently.. Absolutely love it.. Almost more than the regular . Definitely recommend trying
I like the mix of black to colors for this set.
You just cannot go wrong with rug doctor.
Excellent and worth every penny
Folding t-shirts is the biggest plus. They look so neat when done with the flip-fold. Our 18-year-old grandsons saw ours, & were so impressed, we had to order one for them!
Love this rug. Great quality and cozy.
I love this fan! It's beautiful and made very well. The smell off glue was a bit strong though. I suggest airing it out a little or spray it with your favorite perfume. It has definitely suited my needs for it.
This is easy to use, it works well..
I found it to be great. It's pretty in my GF favorite color etc And I'm wondering why Amazon asked me to review a project I already reviewed and gave great reviews for! Customer service was excellent. Do beware, it's top heavy and the default stand is little light (comes with adhesive though) but consider the upgraded stand if you have good furniture finish or cats
This item is used as a fridge water filter was easily installed and water taste great
Good and durable for teens bathroom!!
Used it on the couch in my horse trailer. Wears well and washes well. Looks good
Surprisingly high-quality sheets. I'm not that picky with sheets but these are great for the price.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE these darling carpets. They came packed so neatly. In a zip bag folded into tiny squares but when you open the bag, ta da... a beautiful fluffy carpet X2. Love them. Perfect color, great in bathroom, dries easily and washed superbly. I highly recommend.
My Daughter loves it
Excellent needles. Much better than my previous needles which were too sharp and bent easily.
This wand is pretty powerful given the size. Holds a charge pretty well. I get 2-4 uses before I feel like I need to plug it in again. 9 settings but I prefer the 2nd setting. Good wand for building a mood and solo fun. Nearly all silicon so you can use almost the entire length of the massage wand to reach certain spots. The silicon makes for easy cleaning too. I haven't used it in water so I can't speak on that but it seems like it would work fine. We're both pretty fond of this toy.
We ordered this product last week and it has already made a huge difference in our toddler's sleep habits! After moving to a new house, our almost 3 year old was getting out of bed and climbing in with us at 3am every night. Now, she knows that when her clock turns yellow, she can play in her room and when it turns green, she can get up and start her day! She is sleeping better (and so are we!)
It is so soft and comfortable. Color is a little darker than I expect but it still looks nice. Love it! Not washed yet , so hopefully it will be good
I used these to replace live succulent plants for indoor containers. I was having no luck keeping the live succulents alive so decided to switch to these faux plants. They look great in my container and realistic. Best thing is - I don't have to worry about watering or over-watering and having them die. So glad these exist since I have a brown thumb!
Pleased with the purchase
Great coins! I used them to replace plastic coins in a board game (rising sun).
I have OCD and love to organize. This are good quality, look nice, and I can fit a decent amount in them. I find them aesthetically pleasing.
Originally purchased this as a toilet paper holder, but when it arrived and I saw it, I installed it in my shower. It's exactly what I needed.. The adhesive is amazingly strong and it easily holds my shampoo and conditioner and the hook is perfect for our loofahs and even washcloths. Love the bonuses too, the towel holder is perfect for holding a hand towel by the sink and the loofah sponge is a nice quality body sponge. Pricing is very reasonable for the quality products that you receive. I will be ordering two more for our other bathrooms to be used as toilet paper holders, the kids NEVER go into the bathroom without their phone or tablet and this holder will be perfect for them.
Super cute! I just received my stickers and my daughters are absolutely love them!!! They went to sleep singing and pointing at their alphabets which made me so proud. They learned a new word for baby lion and are so excited :) Thank you so much! They took a hot minute to put up but were worth it q
always helpful to just pop in a new filter while i let the used filter dry after cleaning it
This shower rod is better than I expected...it's the best-looking, sturdiest, greatest rod! Now I want to purchase other products from them. It really is an outstanding shower rod!
These are perfect. They look great in my living room. Love them
This shower curtains is adorable! So, I recently updated my bathroom and replaced everything. I am really happy that I decided to go with this shower curtain because it makes my bathroom look so much nicer and gives it a modern look. Its strong and durable. I'm also glad that I ordered the fabric material because it makes it super easy to put up. I'd recommend this product to everyone!
I bought the green spray hoping to use it for a Christmas project and expected the green to look more green but it has a slightly blue green look to it. Images attached. I had an item that was already sprayed green as reviews say that it really needs a base coat. It is very very sparkly and even though I bought a clear coat to go over it, it was actually very shiny without the clear coat. Image also attached if how shiny it is without clear coat. The product is beautiful and easy to use for sure and sparkles nicely.
Very happy with this furniture cover. Just purchased a new dual recliner love seat and wanted to protect the surface. I have pets and although they are well behaved, every now and then they like to sneak on the chair. Color matched nicely and liked the feel of the fabric.
During summer time when that 1 mosquito somehow slips into the house. It would always bite me at night. This year I didn't get bit once! Love it.
Amazing product. Very worth the price. I would recommend this to everyone.
I have this in my bathroom for my earring storage. It's perfect as I can see them all at a glance and store them away easily if needed!
Comfortable sheets at a good price are hard find. I have tried several different brands and havent found a favorite until now. Alot of sheets made from this material feel scratchy but these feel so comfortable and silky. I love the color as well they match my bed set perfectly.
I'm glad I got it. Ours in a house with 2 cats and mostly tile floors. I can feel a breeze around my bare feet from across the room from the unit's fan, so it seems to cover a lot of space.. It has a nice quiet sound to it, a little bit white noise. Certainly fine in a bedroom unless you are quite sensitive. I was surprised at the size of the unit (because I don't read descriptions), but found a place for it pretty easily. Looking forward to getting another for a room across the house but woah expensive, even on sale.
I have only used it a little bit so far but it seems to be working flawlessly. Great value for the money.
The heater is small but gives out so much heat evenly. I'm really in love with it
The wax was clean and bright ready to make candles with.
Great clock. Does not tick-tock. Keeps the time, worth every dime
Cute wax melter. The only downside is that the top is not your regular plate that comes off.
Love these hangers. They are sturdy and don't cause bumps in your clothes at the shoulder.
It is definitely the best buy for me.
There nice, they have no cheap clip on the top that breaks.
This underwear is extremely soft. If I had to describe it, I would describe the texture as velvet. It also has good support and is very stretchy. Nothing wrong with it. One note: it does not have a fly. If you thought it might have a fly, you are wrong! Not a problem for me though, I find that a lot of flies are more trouble than the are worth.
I am 100% please with this purchase.
These are great bookmarks they are good quality. They stay where they're supposed to be except for human error. They're inspirational and they remind you it's okay to dream and relax. A great gift to give to anyone.
Got these as a gift for my husband who is always looking for a toothpick. He put one on his golf cart, the other he carries in his pocket. One of his best Christmas gifts he said!
Best buy around. I love it great value.
Absolutely one of the cutest nutcrackers I have in my collection! I love it
This came in handy hiking in Hawaii
Very pleased with this throw. Yes, it's as soft and cuddly as it looks. Brown a very warm color contrasting with the cream . No problem with washer/dryer. Arrived on time properly packaged. I recommend and will order again.
This is the best frame I have purchased anywhere. great look and wonderful quality. The included hooks and wire are great extras. I will purchase this brand again. LOVE IT!!!
Good quality sharpens well good price
Arrived quickly. Sturdy construction. Fairly easy to install. Small opening to screw into the wall, it helps to hide the screw head from showing but was a touch difficult to use the screwdriver. Otherwise everything as described.
Very happy with my purchase. Has different size compartments to fit all kinds of jewelry and fits perfectly in my drawer.
My granddaughter loved it. She's a very happy Harry Potter fan.
They are very strong magnets
This set is just as described. My son loves it, and the weight of the material is just right.
Exactly what I ordered and needed
I am so happy about this baby paper! I'll be washing this 1st before my babygirl puts her hands on it
Given as a gift. She loves it.
I like them, they decorate my bathtub very well, and the adhesion is good, thank you!
Very nice floor mats for the bathroom.would buy again if needed again
Far better than the 'gravity blanket' which was really just a third filled sloppy bean bag. This is what you're looking for. At a third-ish the price of the gravity blanket!
purchased several for church events and will be purchasing more and in different colors, the areas that go where the legs of the table are holding up pretty good so far, have also washed and they look still new, will be purchasing more
Exaclty what I wanted, fits perfect! Thanks for a great product
Good size Stiff paper which is a plus
great quality not a flimsy. I have not used for a casting project yet but I'm very happy with the purchase.
Lightweight but sturdy enough for the wish bracelet party favors I'll be using them for. Great for the price.
I needed to find random pieces of leather for earrings. This pack came with a good array of patterns and the leather is of really good quality.
Very easy company to deal with. I own a cleaning business and my employees love these mops. They pick up great and can reach under just about everything. A little pricey but worth it!
I love love love! Colors and design are absolutely stunning!
I LOVE this dye set! Beautiful colors. Shipping was fast as well.
Nice and simple and cheap !
very happy with product love the wheels
My sheets arrived on time and intact. They are wonderful quality and very soft to sleep on! I will definitely be ordering again. Similar quality sheets at this price are nearly impossible to find!
Love these blood drenched looking feet and hands on my front porch! they look so realistic. Wish my camera on my phone worked so I could take a picture. The trick or treaters will love them and some will be scared i am sure. Great value!
This Candy jar is so beautiful, it looks amazing on my table. The lid fits right. Very nice quality
This is the perfect size. I got it to put in our trailer over the winter to collect extra moisture. It collects moisture in a tray below. It is cute looking and it is not too big and bulky so it is easy to use
These are excellent little hand towels for the price! I would highly recommend. They are very thick and absorbent. They look nice hanging in the bathroom
So easy to use! Great frame at great price! Will recommend to friends
Look identical to the original, and works fine.
They are beautiful i have an in home nail spa and they decorate the room so lovely.!
This turned out even better than the picture. It made a perfect gift.
Love this for my daughter! She is going to be so excited to get it on Christmas!
This is a great product. I have a round bistro table with a glass top. I was constantly cleaning it and worrying about scratches when my granddaughter was over and playing/coloring on it. No worries now and the table looks great. I've had lots of compliments. I've ordered several more. I wish I would have found this table cover sooner.
Been using this for awhile and like it.holds more then enough cards and still small enough to fit in front pocket.
I wanted to find a large number alarm clock. This isn't a name brand, so I was hesitant to purchase it, but I decided to give it a try. I am glad I did. Projection is clear and can be adjusted as needed. This is truly great.
Smells amazing. I bought the savory mix. Filled my house with lovely scent. Only used 3 bears. Love it!!
Very cute and great color.
Wonderful replacement clock. When our old clock started losing time, we found this beautiful new clock.
Works great so far! I use mine with an orange essential oil and love it.
fast delivery, it's a fine powder glows bright will buy again.
It was a lot better than I expected. Very easy to put together and looks great. Only issue is one of the black feet on the bottom fell off and I couldn't get it back on, but otherwise happy with the purchase.
I wanted something to display y books and pictures but I didn't want the normal floating shelves. These turned out to be just what I wanted and look great.
I make resin art, and used this glitter for a several-necklace project, mixed with burgundy pigment powder. The results were flat out gorgeous - the charms sparkle from across the room. Highly recommended.
Nice little tree. Five foot height includes base. Has sufficient lights and looks good. My kids each have one in their rooms so they can decorate.
Very good pigmentation and the container with little magnet that holds the paint squares are a surprised. I'm a beginner in watercolor but quite experience in acrylics so I know cheap paint vs quality paint. This set is smaller than I thought (palm sized).
Cute, easy to use and less clutter on my night table.
Looks better than custom frames that I have spent obscene amounts of money for... Perfect for my decor. Good quality and easy to load and hang... Great value.
Self adhesive album.Come with a gold pen that can write in it.Great gift for Valentines day.
Vibrant colors, as pictured. Great accent pillow.
This machine in Cherry Blossom is gorgeous! Arrived in perfect condition. I am excited to use it and do not anticipate having any difficulties.
Just what I needed to add some more organization to my office. Now I have lots for flat space for showing off my Lego collections at work! Given the way the pieces lock together you cannot move it after you have put anything in it as it might cause a fitting to work lose and it can be difficult to get it put back together.
Did weighted blanket worked great and I didn't smell an odor.
Smells so sweet and refreshing. Was very relaxing to have lit
Worked great for my project! Realistic looking enough since it was all greenery. Bendable, lightweight, more than enough in the package!
Really great quality shades for the price. These are amazing. Definitely recommend!
Best solution for storage. Fits so much & then just hang inside closet.
This dehumidifier is very good, use less odor in the bathroom, and sometimes used in the kitchen to reduce the fumes, very good!
This is my second filler, I had to return the first one that was a little cheaper as the instructions were gibberish which made it nearly impossible to figure the process out by myself, it also didn't have this white thing to stop the powder from falling off which made it VERY messy and wasteful and most importantly the product felt cheap and destroyed most of my capsules. This one however was a couple of bucks more, but you get what you pay for! Great instructions, powder spill block included made it WAY less messy and above all great quality. I had 100% success my first time. Happy with my purchase
Arrived on time, easy to assemble, good quality and looks great in a corner to get my rice cooker and crock pot to sit on as well as having my most used pots & pans to hang. We have limited cabinet space so this was a great and useful for us!
Item was exactly as described! Love the detail - great quality!
These do a great job of eliminating light. Our friends had super light curtains and it was always an early wake up when we stayed over. We bought these for their house and now enjoy slightly longer sleep which is now interrupted by a toddler rather than bright morning sun
I absolutely love this blanket. I washed it and there was no problem with it coming out of the washer or dryer.
This is exactly as advertised. It's a nice soft fabric, holds plenty of jewelry for my short work travels.
Just the right pop of colors for that wow factor for our outdoor patio set. Love the pair that I bought, great quality, great price too.
These are cheap... but you get everything you need! I used one of the really small hooks and had to put a rubber band on the opposite end from the hook to prevent it from irritating my hand. The case is really cheap and will break if you're not careful. But, like I said, for a few bucks you get everything you need!
I got two of these when I redid my bathroom. Just beautiful, great way to keep towels neat when there is little concealed storage. Very pretty and well made. The first one arrived broken, but I returned for full credit and re-ordered and the re-order and 2nd one in the initial order are perfect.
I was able to install it without a problem. It is as described and works perfectly. Money well spent!
Decent clock movements for the price. They work good for turning things into clocks. I'm happy with my purchase.
I buy it for my granddaughter to do crafts with. She like the tapes and sticks it on everything. She uses the tapes to decorate her iPhone 6s which with a clear case gives it a one of a kind look. With this pack it gives you 40 different tapes and she loves them all. She put them all in a ziploc bag and has been toting them around like a long lost treasure. This is the second set I have ordered and there will be more orders in the future! Thanks for the great product!
I am so pleased with the discovery of long lasting tea lights! I've got quite a few holders that use them in my home. It's nice that they will last an entire evening without burning out.
My order arrived in a matter of a couple days. Ppl complained of the manufacturer smell, well used a little Lysol, I let it set up and turned on the fan and it was fine. I noticed the slight smell at first but seriously was nothing to complain about!! The pad is great and a good buy!
I love this comforter! The ties inside is perfect in keeping the comforter in place and the material is fabulous! I thought it would be too hot at first being that it's cotton but it adjusts to whatever temperature the room is. So when we have the fan on to keep the room cool it automatically absorbs the cold breezes and insulated it so then we stay chilled under the cover. Color was perfect and material is extremely soft!
Can also be used as a trivet.
In this shop bought a lot of products, quality is good
Nice and small set up to get all those little jobs done without taking up a ton of space in my cupboard. Easy to operate and looks quite sleek.
When I received the package, I was little surprised that the package looked tiny and compact. They were thick and long but squished into a tiny bag. They can be hanged effortlessly, the stem end has a wire in it and is easy to set up. They looked AMAZING in our party. These are reusable if you take good care of them. Will definitely recommend them for someone who wants a real and pretty look.
These are thicker than I thought. Nice cushion feeling when standing on. Love the two sizes fits well in front of sink and shower. Vibrant blue color.
Very attractive blanket....throw! It is soft and color is perfect....only downside is that it wrinkles but is easily fluffed in the dryer.
Brilliant way to keep my toothbrush and razor from falling off the shelf
As advertised and as promised delivery.
Does what is intended to do.
This is a very high quality product. Tissue boxes fit precisely in it. The construction and materials are top notch. We purchased this as we needed to have our tissue box laying on it's side, inside of a cabinet. With the weight of this box single tissues can be pulled out with out the box moving, or even budging. It is very nice not to have to hold the box down to pull out tissues.
I love the fact that this basket fits in my sink, so I can just dump my silverware in, and rinse away. And this basket has so many other uses, just let your imagination run wild.
Great comforter for my sons bed. Warm and of great quality for the price.
Very nice for the price
Cute and functional and whimsical.
Product received was as described. Very pleased.
I used it 2 times I think it is good
Just what I needed.Perfect for my portable air con. Lost the old pipe that came with it and this one works perfectly.
Bought it for a friend. Loved it
This jewelry box is perfect for large pieces. The drawers are not divided.
The reading pillow comes off vacuum sealed in plastic. So after you open it up you need to fluff it up and mold it to suit you. Once you do that it is so incredibly soft and smooshy I just love it. It's very nice to use in bed and my husband loves it to watch TV. Good quality great price!
Awesome product. Reasonably priced. Looks great. Easy to install. Adheres pretty well
This is exactly what I was looking for to add to my bathroom and the price was right!
This attracts the male moths and not the females but it is effective.
Great variable light output. Bought outdoor set as well install was very simple.
Really liked the way my order was handled and everything was well taken care of. I am very satisfied with Amazon.
Perfect to some shoes
I love these frames! They hold two cherished pictures. One with my father dancing with my daughter at her wedding, and the other of my husband dancing with his grandmother at the same event.
I love my sheets! they'e soft and comfortable and I like the color a lot. It's a very clean look.
Good quality. Not cheap looking at all.
Made my shoes area smell good!
Totally love this! Very pretty! I've seen these years ago and when I found this on Amazon I ordered right away!
Love this! Very good quality and perfect for jewelry making!
I like the ease of use. My appliqué projects are much easier to do!
Before buying, I price checked collapsable boxes from checked walmart, target, ikea, ross, marshalls, and no one has this good of deal for the product quality and quantity. These work just as well and look just as good as boxes from all these other stores. If you have patience for a bit of a slower delivery you will end up saving a whole lot of money and receive a great product.
Seemed like a good product but I had to return it. This item showed up when I searched "faux wood" blinds. They are not.
Durable and not clunky
I have a thin silk scarf that refused to hold a tie/knot. This ring works perfectly! I was surprised at its weight but the weight does not interfere with using or wearing it. Glad I bought it!
We hosted a Splatoon themed party and this was a hit with the kids.
Fit great over pillow. Looks great with our grey furniture. Color really pops!
Gave it as a gift and that person raved about it.
love the S.S. looks awsome
Perfect! Never expected this quality at that price
This ruler has come in handy at making the perfect curves
Bought as a gift for my 12 yr old grandaughter. She loves them. Write great, with a awesome assortment of colors. Good choice.
Ultra light weight. Just what I need. I had a small problem and Customer Service was fantastic!
I have a thing for these beads. Somehow they work their way into all my pieces. I love them.
I really like this blanket. It has made a big difference in the time to get back to sleep after awaking in the night. It is not too hot either - I find it very comfortable.
These pillows are amazing and they surprised me when they came flat in the box
Absolutely in love, these roses may be artificial but very realistic looking, the size is just perfect and for the price..... you can't beat that! I ended up ordering two more boxes. the packaging is very nice too, not to mention the little gift note inside, too cute.
If you are always cold, this is the way to go!
Works very well for Indian food smell.
Awesome ashtray, big but not too big. looks like stone. easy to clean. looks beautiful displayed on the table. not too ornate. classy. recommend
Decent priced and looks like the photo if done exactly right
I was very pleased with these blades. I received all of the blades and shipping was fast. They came in a convenient hard case so storage of them is easy. 10/10 will definitely be buying from this company again. I have used all 3 types and they've all cut flawlessly!!
I put this up in my main bathroom today. My neighbor's house is closer than I would like. This protects our privacy. Thanks so much.
Love this pigment. Bright rich colors that are individually labeled for easy use and easy ordering in the future and the little scoop that comes with this order is way to cute. Came in a box that was packed full of bags of pigment. Exactly as described.
I use the bag to carry a suit along with a belt and tie and shoes. It is light and durable. I have tried a number of similar products and this is the best that I have seen, and it was reasonably priced.
I didn't know where to start when I got my Cricut, so this was the perfect package. You can't go wrong with Siser, too. So easy to work with and fantastic color choices.
Absolutely PERFECT!! Exactly the look i wanted and the quality is top notch!! Great buy at a great price!
Just what was needed!
I'm very satisfied with my purchase, I was just expecting something that looks OK on my dinning table, especially because of its low price, but instead I got this beautiful and elegant tablecloth.
It was a gift my nice loved it
My husband says they're the best we've used
very durable and sturdy..........excellent
I've been using it for a long time. It works really good. It comes with its own bag to put it in.
Came much more faded than picture
Bought for my daughters bedroom it looks great!
Used these for a 1950s play for Soda Jerk Boys and they looked wonderful on stage!
It is waterproof - When I got it I spilled water on it to test it and it passed with flying colors. I like the fact this is a blanket form - I took on vacation with me to cover the furniture at our rental. Kept dog hair off and if they did happen to have an accident on the furniture, it was no problem. Can use in the car as well or the bed. I got 2, one for the sofa and one for love seat. They are thin but soft and there is no plastic sound to them so very cozy. I highly recommend these.
My life and sleep has been the best this 2 month with this AC I totally recommend this brand
Changing the filters was so easy. My vacuum works like new. Will buy again.
It is convenient and practical, simple to install, no complicated parts, only need to install 6 screws to work, no noise during operation, stable rotation.
Was a gift for my mom. Looks great and she loves it!
Great size compared to some other bite size wipes I have previously purchased.Don't be afraid d of these. They clean well, they feel great and the larger size make it a home run.
Purchased these stickers to decorate an external hard drive, and they are cute as can be. Fast shipping, and a quality product. I look forward to purchasing more in the future!
I am using this for hand lotion on a kitchen counter, next to two automatic soap dispensers. It blends well and sits flush against the counter/wall, since it is squared shape. Look great with BRUSHED NICKEL-type of kitchen/faucet, due to pump color. Pumps are plastic and they only dispense small amount per pump, so this can help save lotion (or soap) if you have guests coming in that push all pumps all the way. Overall, it is only been here a week, but looks great and dispenses hand lotion well. 5/5 so far, will update if pumps fail later.
We bought this product after seeing it at my sister's house and used it a few times on her hardwood floor. We liked it so much that we bought one for our home and one for my mother-in-law's home. Great product!
Love, love these. Good size, large bath towels, pretty color, maybe slightly darker than in pic.
Took away the dog smell, but the resulting smell from the bag is not particularly pleasant. I expected no smell when I used the product.
I got this xtra large size so I could keep the wreath in the original box yet seal it in the canvas case. The zipper goes all the way around, which makes loading and unloading a breeze. The canvas is heavy. Excellent product.
Got this for my wife and she LOVES IT!
I will never need another organizer. This has been such a huge help.
So happy with this purchase!!
Ordered the lavendar scent and it's neither too light nor too strong! Exactly what I was looking for!
Very comfortable. My bathtub goes straight down in the back not slanted like some. So this pillow really helps.
Lightweight and good size
Fun lights for my daughters room. We have these hanging above her bed on the wall. She likes to hang her artwork and photos from them. They are a nice length. The clips are strong enough so the photos don't fall off. The lights are about as bright as Christmas lights. I need to buy more since my other kids were jealous they didn't get cool star lights.
My son loved these for his room!
Very effective product
High Quality! Great product. Easy to assemble.
Worked great for party-sized steak bites.
These are the first oven mitts I have had with a thumb - much better and easier to grip hot dishes more firmly. Good value too.
Good suction and lightweight
Perfect weight. Washed well. VERY warm for Wisconsin winters. All we need is the top sheet and this quilt. Would definitely buy again! Love the size. Hangs over the side so I don't need a bedskirt. Also, extra on the sides so no fighting over the blanket
SUPER comfy, like sleeping on a happy cloud.
My master bedroom closet doesn't have any windows. My closet holds moisture and had a very old mop smell to it (even after we replaced the closet carpet 5 months ago. I'm planning on purchasing some more.
this is great, even though it came broken. but thanks to the seller , they replaced it on time for what i need it. Thank you
Loved this product. Decorations were perfect for a shark theme party. I would definitely recommend.
Lightweight, look nice, durable. A nice size for medicine cabinets.
Great value and a must have if you're going to buy a body pillow. It's soft and durable.
Wow. This exceeded my expectations and not just at the $13.99 price point I paid. It is surprisingly cool and quiet. Worth it.
I ordered these for my husband who always drips food on his shirts when he cooks. Now I use these aprons too because they look so nice and are so wash and wear easy. No more stained shirts!
This little stroller fan is very useful,i like the look and the quality is great. It doesn't has any noise when you used,it worth for the baby :)
Absolutely love this pillow cover. I'm so so pleased. The quality is fantastic and it matches my living room decor perfectly. This product surprisingly shipped so fast. Very very pleased!
I've been purchasing Amazon essential products for some time now. This bed sheet from Amazon fits the criteria of price and comfort for me. Compared to previous bed sheets that I've purchased, this one feels a lot more "smooth". Considering how I writing this review in the summer time, the bed sheets provided a sense of coolness when I'm laying on it. I'm definitely purchasing a few more in the future!
I love these needles! The points are sharp and the cord is flexible! What a great product!
I bought 4 of your air purifiers and I am totally happy with my purchase. As advertised, these plug ins eliminate odors, and purify the air.
I'm the type of person who never pays attention to the weather, and that often leaves me unprepared when I go outside and neglect to bring the necessary garments. My boyfriend, however, is obsessed with the weather. I decided to get this as a gift for him, so he can know exactly what's going on with the weather outside all the time. And thereby, he can inform me so I can be prepared. It's a win-win! The product is easy to use and is nice and informative.
Very happy with this mattress pad.
Such a great value and the quality is much better than expected for the price. Currently making a blanket with this and very happy with this purchase.
These storage totes are PERFECT I put them in my nursery closet and they are exactly what I was looking for. They are very sturdy and I love the handle you won't find a better deal anywhere
Really fast shipping. Decent quality.
I get better quality from Amazon vs. Macys. I couldn't figure that out and they are cheaper on Amazon.
Used my shelf unit in the laundry room to keep all my household cleaners, furniture polish, trash bags and dryer sheets organized.
Was alittle skeptical at first ..but it definitely has held up well ..easy to wash and keep clean..so far im loving it..especially for the price
I needed to put my graduation stuff in it and finally finished thanks to the shadow box
This is my always hot husband's new favorite gadget. He takes it everywhere! Camping trips, work, the bathroom when it's too steamy... highly recommended!!!
Great quality. Hold up well in the wash.
Keeps the spool from wondering around. Works great
Great product. Exactly as described.
Good product. Heavy duty. Rather large on desk top.
I love luxury bedding because sleep is important all around. I bought two for gifts and when I saw the quality, I ordered another for me. It is worth twice the money. Well made. Soft. Warm. Yet light....now heavy on the legs. Beautiful color.
Worked perfectly for the shirts I made!
Bright vibrant colors, easy to use, like opening up a gift when received
I love it. I bought for me and my husband and had to get another for my cousin who recently got married
Very happy with the quality and design!!!
When the ache/pain in my upper back won't stop, I always turn to this product. It takes away the pain almost immediately. It is adjustable and comfortable to wear. I love it!!
Worked well chimney sweep came and told me to save my money it did such a good job. It broke down creosote so it flakes off
It was bought for a gift for my husband and he loved it Nice size and good quality
These massage inserts work well, easy to cut according to the line to fit. They massage my foot and help to improve blood circulation, and I feel comfortable when they relieve the pain and tiredness.
Used it for a planter display with a fountain. Quality is awesome. Love how they look. Great price too.
Took a long while to be delivered but well worth the wait!! Absolutely beautiful!! The packaging was covered with Russian stamps. Very satisfied!!
Very roomy and sturdy.
I loved loved this pillows when I was pregnant I still use it
So incredibly easy to install and to hang curtains. I bought the wrong curtains for the thin rod; but that's okay, new curtains with the 1" pocket will work best for 'black out' curtains.
It works. Stopped husband from spilling drinks on the couch. :)
It brings a smile to my face everytime I see it next to my pool in AZ. It's in the middle of a huge fire stick plant that looks like coral. So fun
Love this, keeps everything nice and neat! I do however need more storage lol, so I will be ordering more.
Easy to appt, but don't rush it and follow directions. Looks like it is part of the wall. Perfect for my Yoga room!
My acne all but vanished once I started using these to dry my face. They dry quickly and don't harbor bacteria unlike regular towels. Worth the extra $$.
Good quality, non-damaging to painted surfaces, easy to apply and move around. Create your own aquarium while having a lot of fun placing your stickers on any clean smooth, dry surface! Very colorful, attractive and fun. Recommend.
Good,soft blanket a bit small for a grown adult but not bad for a lap a blanket.
UPDATED: Customer service was SUPER! Even though I received a defective unit, Dianne was wonderful and worked quickly to correct the problem.
This blanket looks exactly like it does in the picture which is great. When I finally got it in the mail I was super excited! It's thick and warm. Thicker than I thought it was going to be, actually. It was exactly what I wanted! Can't go wrong buying one of these. Especially if you've got die hard Walking Dead fans!
Perfect shade for the whole deck. Had endured ferocious winds and fearsome rain with no evidence of duress. Second summer now, and still beautiful
Great bedskirt for the money! Good quality! White was bright white, which I appreciated. Washed well; hardly any wrinkles. Would purchase again!
This is the best stuff I wil order again,and again
Wonderful product, and fantastic service!
Exactly what I was looking for, great quality
Color and material were perfect!
Really nice looking. Well made.
All went very well with this order. Arrived on time and were as pictured. Seem to be very nice. This was bought as a gift for Christmas so do not have any feedback at this time.
Love the product and the price
This protective cover for my recliner fit perfectly excellent side pockets and heavy duty strap to hold the back onto the chair very happy with this product.
This is an amazing high end blanket, beautiful, functional overall great!
After purchasing a cheap plastic covet that ripped bringing the tree up from the basement, I bought this and it's perfect. Very well constructed and easily fits over my 6.5/7 ft tree. The handles made it super easy for my husband and I to put the tree back in the basement. Best purchase!!!
I was a little shocked to see how big this blanket was when I unboxed it. It came wrapped in a ribbon which would have made it a nice gift as well. The texture is amazing. It's so soft and light, yep it keeps me warm and cozy. My kids love it because it truly does look like a burrito or soft shell taco. My younger ones love snuggling under it on the couch. Definitely a winner in my home.
Great looking, fast shipping. My picture fit perfectly and looks so nice hanging on my wall.
Use in the home and in the car while traveling. Easy to charge using any USB outlet. Quiet enough on low speed to not hinder your getting to sleep. UPDATE Mar 2019: For the past two months I have been using this fan next to a home gas space heater, to assist in distributing the warm air better. It's been ON all this time and on various speeds without a hitch! It's quiet, and easy to place with its huge clamp! I've removed the battery and it is working off a usb cord plugged into a usb charger! WoW!!
Our neighborhood has many power surges which affect the electrical gadgets. No more re-setting the clock with this the back up battery!
these are great!! The scent lasts a LONG time!! bought these a few months back and still have some left!
Very easy to install. No hassle at all.
Wow. Ordered these as they looked handy and now know just how handy. The assortment of brushes attach in the chuck on any standard drill. I have yet to explore all the things I can clean with these but on what I have, works perfect. Quaility is pretty good and haven't noticed any problems with wear. I guess I could say I'm glad I got these.
This is a game changer! My girlfriend and I moved into a new apartment with a tiny kitchen (bad news since we like to cook a lot). This product helps us save counter space by eliminating the need for a bulky boxy drying rack. It rolls up nicely so we can either get it out of the way of the sink, or half roll it up so we can place a couple things on it but still have our sink space. It's also sturdy enough to put a cutting board on it, so if we need the extra room for cooking, we can basically cover up our sink and gain another work space.
These are great...just what i needed for all my designer handbags.
The package arrived when expected, the density is perfect for the project I am working on. As for rating the durability, it is too soon to rate, considering it is new and has not been used. All in all, I am satisfied with my purchase.
Purchased these to entertain my grandchildren. Hours of fun!
Loved the texture and colors of the yarns!
With recent back issues, I was forced to spend most of my days in bed. I am a crafter and frankly was going crazy not being able to do any crafts while in bed. This lap desk saved the day! I can even fit my weaving loom on it and have eaten my dinner on it. Great value, heavy duty and decent quality assembly. Definitely happy with this purchase!
They fit the Shark Rocket Ultra Light and seem like oem quality. It's nice to have 2 sets so you can wash one and still use your vacuum while it dries.
These candle sticks are beautiful. Very well made and great price. Fast delivery.
I replaced all my plastic hangers with these - they take less space in my closet and I can hang light sweaters and shirts without the shoulders getting those pokey dents. Great deal!
I purchased this for an international flight to Italy. Worth every penny. Make sure you put the eye mask around the entire head rest. Was able to actually sleep.
I use these pads for cleaning my grill. They work great. They clean the grates much better and faster that a steel brush.
Very like it, beautiful appearance, easy to carry, but also as a mirror to use it?
Bought because my graduation gown is literally 100% recycled water bottles- so no ironing. Seriously, I'll never iron again after getting this thing! It takes the wrinkles out of everything! It works best if you hold the fabric taut (like, hang it up and then hold the bottom) and run the steamer over the fabric. It's not hot to the touch like an iron would be (the heating element is at the bottom) so the steamer touching the fabric won't melt it like an iron would, if that makes sense. It makes a funny noise as it heats up, it's a little alarming the first time because it almost sounds like it's going to have a mini explosion, but shortly after you hear the bubbling of the water, and then the steam starts. It's like 60 seconds from plug-in till it's ready to steam. I can get 2-3 men's polos done between fills. I try to rinse it out as soon as i'm done so the heating element is still hot and it helps remove mineral residue (we have hard water). Would totally recommend this to anyone! *also.... my husband jokingly dared me to steam my pores with it. Maybe a lil ridiculous, but i did stand back and let it go for a minute or 2 before i put on my weekly biore pore strips.... DEFINITELY got more than i usually do! So it pulls double duty here! :p
I like the ways it cleans. Makes my teeth feel so smooth. I have no problems with it . Happy with my choice
quality product, quick shipping
Love this! Really good quality and perfect for my bathroom. The picture is a little lighter in color than the advertisement but still really good, not distorted or blurry.
Not think to complain, sleek. simple. Cheap.
Liked this pro so much I purchased a second.
Looked like the actual character.
They are just as they are expected to be. I was more than happy that the 40 cheerful colors are so pleasing yet the price is decent . Besides the pens are duo tipped so the finer tip on the other end makes coloring more refined. Love it!
dries to sand. works as well as any out there, and was the least expensive when I bought it.
This works great in husbands closet.
Great book perfect for the occasion
Feels quality for the price. As advertised.
It's small, simple and beautiful. I was happy with the quality and craftsmanship and my parents loved it as a momento to remember their milestone anniversary.
Officially obsessed! I was initially worried about the quality because of the price but I am in love with this comforter. Package was small but it unfolded with few wrinkles, no smell, and was very fluffy right off the bat. And it's sooooo soft!!! I purchased as an insert to a new duvet cover and I'm considering not even putting the new cover over it because it's too nice to hide it!
Family makes bracelets and if ur gonna make some then this is a great price and I would highly recommend it here than the stores
I recently got into acrylic paint pouring and this is going to help in a great way! I just received my wooden canvas and have already decided to purchase more. No sagging means no puddles of paint, it's got great durability, and I'm getting more ideas of what to paint with it. Practical and inspirational, how can you beat that?
A very nice crystal for charging my bracelets and stones.
Great spread, did what I needed it for. Washed great, laid on bed nicely without touching floor so my fur baby couldn't leave his mark on it!
I love this, but be aware that this is very rustic and is literally made from barnwood, so it's rough. It's a great size and can be used in many decorative ways.
I love the way they look, they are just the right size for my spices! I use a drawer for my spices and they fit perfectly.
Sturdy and clears up room on my makeup desk
Came earlier than estimated. Size and detail is beautiful, and price also. Cuts very well too.
Super cute...hollow wood sign. I have it hanging with my wall of coffee mugs
Gave this to my best friend. It conveyed what I wanted it too. She loved it. I love Willow Tree. They always have something for every occasion.
Just what my wife wanted, good quality.
I like being able to use as many or as few needles as i like for felting projects. Very secure, it would be nice to have a plastic cover for storing, but i kept the container it came in till i can find a better case
Very soft beautiful color! Very well made! Love these pillows
"This pillow hands down is the greatest pillow I have EVER slept with! It's very flexible to be put in any position desired. It's super soft and comfortable. I searched and search and searched for a good pregnancy pillow to help with my chronic acid reflux. I bought this to replace the four pillows that I usually use to support my back and hips. I need pillows on both sides because I am a side sleeper and need to switch sides a few times during the night. Verdict is...i love my new pillow! I still need to switch sides, but not as often. And because I no longer have to readjust all my pillows, I barely wake up and easily go back to dreamland. Pillow keeps me nice and aligned. Perfect softness/firmness for my comfort. I also love it for sitting up in the morning drinking coffee in bed and reading at night."
Really nice soft and the color is exactly the same i love how brite it is its only one pillow case though
My brother loves these.
I ordered these pillow cases to use to try and help with my bedhead hair. They are soft and fit my standard sized pillows great. They keep surprisingly cool most of the night and while my hair doesn't look like Rachel's from friends in the morning, I do think it has helped keep the frizz down a bit.
It has a huge face and time is accurate.I think the thermometer is used for decoration, I don't really care about its function. It is the outdoor clock I want.
My husband loves these pillows. They are soft and fluffy
The only hangers I will use! Nothing falls off of them....
Others claim they are 100% cotton but this I believe is. It is very soft and absorbs well.
Beautiful and affordable. Not much else to say. Buy it! You won't be disappointed.
Pretty nice looking. My son is looking forward to using them.
Worth the price, and good quality
Great price, delivery a bit slow bit worth waiting
These towels are very soft and luxurious! Love them!
Works great. Hold can upright to spray or else will clog. Can feel grit.
Love these! Clip is super strong!
I bought this garland to make an angel halo for my granddaughters Halloween costume. It worked great and looked adorable. She loved it.
I love this shower razor holder! I use one of them for my razor and the other one for my loofah. It works great for both. It just lets me have more shelf space in my shower. It sticks really great on my ceramic tiles. I recommend this product!
I'm glad I saw these hooks instead of the regular open hooks. It's perfect for hanging outdoor lights and it is secured enough to keep the strings in place even when wind is strong. I also use it for my hanging plants and it's very strong and secured. I highly recommend it!
These are adorable love them!
Thank you great product.
This tissue box is perfect! Matches my decor perfectly. Yes, the original Kleenex paper box does not fit but who cares. Open up the Kleenex box remove the tissues and put them directly in your new container. It's exactly what I wanted! Great wood and sturdy box, well crafted and painted. Colors are perfect!
Bought this when my ac went out and used it religiously for the month I had to fight to get my ac fixed. Now I still use it as a white noise machine and to keep air moving in my bedroom. It's been great and running reliably for months.
shower curtain. Description matched the item as well as the picture.
Just as described. Colors were a ideal for my needs. Not difficult to work with.
This box sign is exactly as described and pictured. Super cute on my mantle and makes me giggle when my rottie is acting goofy and the sign is in view. No regrets.
The Roomba 980 performs as stated. Excellent pick up and battery life. The WiFi connectivity is handy for as needed cleaning between scheduled times. We are very pleased with the unit.
Super fast delivery and great picture with positive thoughts. So happy with this art!
In an empowerment drumming workshop, the rooms was set with the mandala in the center with beautiful instruments. In brought a sense of grounding and beauty for the participants to gather round. The fabric is colorful and lovely and many people asked about how to order one for themselves. Thank you for this centerpiece!
Holds liquid well. Washes well but I let it drip dry to get all the water out. Takes a couple days so recommend a backup.
I ended up sewing the patch onto my jacket but it might have had something to do with the fabric of the jacket. I'm not sure. The iron on started peeling from the corners almost immediately. It looks great now it's sewed on. I haven't washed the jacket yet so I don't know if that will effect the patch.
New to crafting and was absolute excited about this product. I must say I wasn't disappointed. It adheres with ease and looks great.
Just what we needed.
a nice looking product
this is so good this one can make you house have more Artistic sense this is so good my mom like this very much
Not too big...looks modern & has rounded corners
Never before have I realized how disgusting humans are. The amount of hair and mucus this thing catches is nasty. 10/10, does its job keeping our drain running smooth.
I love it! Light sign perfect for what I was looking and great value for the price I got
The quality is good for the price paid. They look very real and feel great.
The the thickness of the glove for when I am baking and the style is cute for my kitchen!
These sheets are a great value buy. They are soft and comfortable and look very cute on my bed.
I loved the rustic look of the tree skirt. It matches my rustic tree decor. I did press it prior to putting it around my tree, which made a huge difference in the look. I used a cloth to press it as was advised. I have a 9 foot tree, and it looks great around it.
You can do so much, this is a great set. Lots of colors and patterns.
This is the perfect weight. Not uncomfortable at all, it honestly feels like a big hug! Really great for anxiety.
Nice as ever text. Great deal especially for the price. Would advise this purchase.
Beautiful just beautiful
Fantastic! We used this product on countertops in a house that we were renting. It looks really good and added the finishing touch.
I have these on all three queen size mattresses in my home. They work great for protecting the mattress from moisture and I do feel like it helps considerably with the heat of laying on a memory foam pad. One reviewer left a photo of the mattress pad destroyed by washing. I had that happen once recently. I thought that somehow they had changed the product, and they were no longer washable and dryable. However, I later came to find out that the cold water was being plugged in my washing machine by dirt in the hose filter, so the water in my washing machine was primarily hot and thus it melted the mattress protector. After correcting that issue, I was able to wash one of my other mattress protectors on warm and dry in the dryer on medium heat with no issues. I added a couple of dry bath towels to the dryer when I dried it and it really helped it dry quickly and easily, since it doesn't wring out well in the washer due to the waterproof nature of it.
I suffer from PTSD and this little blanket made a huge difference in my night. It is evenly distributed and just leaves you feeling safe and secure. I won't have believed it if I wasn't the recipient of the effects but it is well worth a try if you're like me and have tried everything else.
I have this one me as a back up lighter as a server. U It's good for lighting candles without distribution by wind or walking, which is helpful in a pinch. I also use for when I smoke so I don't have any butane taste
Simply put, this is just cool. I bought this as a gift and she loved it. Everyone is happy.
Love this blanket. Great price. Great quality. Keeps me cool. Comfortablely weighted. Doesn't make a sound like the other one I have. I have recommended it to others already.
I really like this brand of candle because the red is really red the colors are absolutely what they say they are I cannot say that for different kinds that I have tried but this brand I have found to be true
Had a glass French press before this product and I recently shattered it in my drainboard so I bought this and I'm kind of glad mine broke absolutely love this product!!
Well made quality tablecloth with a beautiful print. Easy to wash and dry. You will definitely need to iron it prior to use if you don't want any fold lines. I would buy from this company if I'm ever in the market for another tablecloth.
This is just what we were looking for. Couldn't find anything comparable in stores so we took a gamble and purchase online. They are wonderful quality and we love how they look.
First time that I've actually received what I was looking for! Thank you for your product and fast delivery!
Beautiful shell with brilliant colors. Shell has a great energy. Looks exactly like the image shown! No chips or scratches visible. Would buy from again! Thank you!
Beautiful and modern design. Working well for washing vegetables and fruits. Recommend to everyone!
Love them. 2nd time buyer
Great for the Christmas tree that what I used them for.
I have used the on so many projects.
These were perfect and I love that it came with the alphabet beads ,a box with compartments to keep each letter organized, even came with string to make bracelets or whatever with. It literally came with everything you need ! Perfect gift!
Love! Super soft and comfy. Will be ordering more in the future!
This kit is a life saver especially for weeding during vinyl projects. This kit saved me so much frustration. I'm happy and will buy again.
All arrived quickly and unbroken. Yay!
Love this! Super soft and great quality. Bill be buying from this company again.
My main floor has laminate flooring and a few area rugs. It's a pain in the butt to sweep the floor of such a large area, and to bring my full-sized vacuum downstairs just to do a couple area rugs. We have a Roomba, but it only picks up about half the dirt on the floor, while flinging the rest around the floor. It's useless on carpet. I've wanted a cordless vacuum for a few years but the cost was prohibitive. After spending an hour and a half sweeping the floor (I move all the furniture to get underneath) I finally got fed up with the wasted time and effort and bought this little guy. I am so glad I did. Vacuuming up the dog fur, crushed Fruit Loops, and grass clippings is sooo much easier than sweeping! Now instead of ~90 minutes, I can get it done in about 20. Pros: Lightweight, powerful, compact, cordless, easy to maneuver Cons: -Battery life isn't great, but honestly it doesn't bother me that much, because for the portability and ease of use, and at this price point, you are going to have a trade-off. It's enough for me to get around the main floor of the house, the stairs, and the upstairs hallway before it dies. -It can be a little messy to clean, particularly if it's really full. I use a paper towel to pull out the dirt if it won't knock out. I'm a mom, so I've dealt with far more disgusting things than floor dirt and dog hair, so it doesn't bother me either. Helpful Hints: -Remove the battery while not in use - it seems to drain even if the vacuum is off. -Clean out the canister often. I usually do it 2-3 times per vacuuming (once for each of the area rugs, where dog fur collects, and once for the laminate). If you don't clean the trap, it backs up, you lose suction, and it uses the battery charge faster. -Tighten the screw that holds the handle piece to the body of the vacuum every few uses. Don't make it super-duper tight, but not loose either.
Fast shipping and seem to work great. Thank you
This toilet brush is well designed and seems to be well built. One reviewer indicated problems with the closing mechanism, but ours works fine.
Ive bought several of these and my closet just looks amazing now. Nice and organized and the quality is very good. Worth every penny.
Smells exactly like candy can't wait to add it to my scrubs
Very reasonable price. Buy from this seller.
Cuts great with your die cutting machine. Many sizes to to chose from for the perfect size Star you need for your craft project.
WOW!!! I was skeptical about buying this, but HOLY COW what a difference this has made in my life! This unit sits in my bedroom and runs at high speed (because I like the sound of a fan at night), and the first morning after this had been running all night I woke up with NO coughing, chest congestion or anything. Plus I have been feeling great every morning! SO glad I purchased this and I will definitely buy another one soon!!
Like everything about these cotton sheets.. Would buy again.
Nice medium weight canvas, primed and ready to go.
Good quality, exact fit and arrives quickly
It is exactly what I was looking for
This is a smoking toilet tongs, if it is good suction is very good, Amazon sent it to me when it was deformed, it is not easy to use, you need to find it a good angle To suck. I hope to use the box to ship the goods, rather than paper bag packaging, it is easy to be deformed. This is not the toilet stinky mistake, so still gave praise.
Great rug! So comfortable to step out of the shower onto it. Highly recommend!
Been using this for a few months now and I'm impressed with how it's held up. My 6 year old is rough in things. He actually makes a point of putting his dirty laundry away because the Minecraft theme makes it more interesting for him and makes it feel like his very own. I love that it has handles for easy transport to the laundry room.
Excellent portable to for image transferring. Makes learning calligraphy and penmanship easy.
Beautiful and of very good quality, people are very impressed with this pillow cover! I would so buy again as a gift, especially if you're a cat lover and live in Seattle!
I bought 20x20 pillow inserts for my 16x16 throw pillow cases. They fit great, and look very full. The stuffing doesn't necessarily go all the way to the corners, but I'm expecting that with normal use, it will spread out. Even if it doesn't, they work great.
Fits well in the garage. Sturdy & quite functional. Our shoes are now more organized. So good, I got another one....family has got too many shoes :)
Installed in a whirlpool refrigerator. Now that sears is out of business, finding their replacement filters is expensive. After installation filtered about 10 cups of water and everything looks ok.
They work on my old Kirby without a problem.
These sheets are fantastic; They are soft and crisp in all of the right ways! They stay tight on the bed and are so cozy. I highly recommend them!
i like the way it is packaged its worth the money for the paper it seems good quality and the company is wonderful to work with
I absolutely love it!
Perfect!! Exactly was I was looking for, matte black. Costco toilet paper fits perfectly. Would definitely buy another one
Breathable and yet good quality
Great scents and well made
Exactly what we needed for our guest bath. Very heavy & does not drift in while we're showering. We would definitely purchase this again.
Long cord is nice for big spaces!
Was exactly what I was hoping for.
It's easy to put on.
Amazing heated mattress pad. The heating coils are the thinnest that we have ever owned and Sunbeam finally got it right by placing the plug in for the mattress and cords at the head of the bead (on to side of the mattress); now the plugs don't get in the way of my feet at the foot of the bed. Wonderful product and would absolutely recommend it if you are looking.
Great! Make bigger ones?
Just as shown. Very nice.
These are great. I have a thick mattress and a gel topper on top of that. Even with deep pocket sheets, they kept slipping off. These work great and hold my sheet on and snug. Easy to use.
Love the colors, the fabric and even the zipper design (really made it easy to get this on that cumbersome futon mattress). This futon cover has inspired me to change the whole room!
Very nice comforter!
This blanket was recommended by my brother, as he uses it for his new puppy, and thought we might be able to use it for our shedding monster. It's perfect for protecting the couch from the invasive hairs our pupper leaves behind and washes well. I expected it to be thinner and of poor quality, but it's far from it! It's a wonderful thickness/size that keeps you very warm. This was our second blanket and we have no complaints!
Nice machine. Replacing one that was 15 years old. Fingers crossed.
Works great and looks great!
My machine worked wonderfully and I loved using it. After 8 months the heating element broke and the company gave me a refund with no problems. I will definitely purchase another one from them.
Fits perfectly. I love it! It feels solid and it doesn't feel flimsy. I have used similar products in the past, but they were flimsy; it seemed very sturdy when we were putting it together. I would highly recommend this rack.
Just as pictured. They even arrive with a plastic wrap for protection. Can't wait to put them in my big girls new room.
This item is a neat idea
Very pleased with this glitter adhesive vinyl. I needed small sheets and an assortment of colors so this was perfect for my project. It cut perfectly with my Cricut Explore air 2 (custom settings, glitter vinyl). I did a test cut 1st to ensure my settings were correct. It cut and weeded like butter and was the perfect touch for my project. Very pleased with the product and assortment of colors.
SALE WENT AS DESCRIBED
quick delivery-- very nice product
I bought this handheld vacuum for only two reasons: 1. To vacuum my carpeted stairs. I hate getting the giant vacuum out to vacuum the stairs, so i have been looking for a handheld battery powered vacuum for a while now 2. A small vacuum for my 4 year old to clean under the table where his food falls at every meal This vacuum does both and my 4 year old hasn't broken it yet- so i call that a win! Easy to charge. I use the rubber attachment it comes with to clean my wood floors. I don't use any attachments on my stairs. Easy to dump out and clean too. Definitely recommend!
This set is absolutely the most beautiful in person than on the website! Very soft to touch but sustainable. And it's wash & dry!
Going to paint and using for xmas tree next year. Going to put each grandkids name of them.
This product was perfectly described and came in a day early.
Bought these for my Home Office & they look Great in the room! I love the Black Out effect, provides not only privacy but keeps the room cooler! Very well made.
Good quality item. Very happy with my purchase and the service.
I really like this Tapestry. The color is clear, crisp and it looks exactly like its pictured. Glad i ordered this! I love Sara Nell's products!
I use this to monitor the outside temperature and the basement storage of my RV. It was easy to install and works well.
So we'll made, I was very impressed and happy to see them on my pillows.
Absolutely beautiful!! It is bigger and better then expected and I couldn't be happier, I love it so much.
Great product and convenient to use and store all your cannabis items in.
I love this mattress protector, it is the best protector I ever used. I tested it and it is waterproof.
I placed it in my bedroom. My wardrobe started to be a bit moldy because the humidity is too high, Five days later I checked the reservoir. The air dehumidifier have automatically shut off because the water tank is full .
Handy little product to help keep tension in your yarn when knitting. I am looking forward to trying it with color work.
just as expected, exactly what i needed
Amazing Pool Games! I bought this for my cousin for his birthday and he and his friends can't stop talking about it. They spent hours in the pool playing all of the different games and had a BLAST!! Would highly recommend this for a kids party, sleepover, or family get together. It's rare to find so many games in one set and this has TEN of them. GREAT BUY!
These pets feel very solid and well made. I like to have replacement/spare parts so I'm not scrambling when something needs to be replaced and these provide me with just that!
Exactly what I needed-
Fantastic pens. These Markers are great. They write on smooth plastic and glass, just like a black marker will. There is one thing to note, which is in no way a problem, the White marks on clear, then changes to white when dries. So just do your drawing or marking, then wait until it dries, before you try to touch up your work. Glad these are available, just the markers I needed, and a great price.
Great for the grandchild! NOW if I can just get him to use it every time he changes socks. Easy to use. He thinks it is fun to put his socks together in it.
am using the throw on my bed for cooler nites plus in general a daytime cover for my bed...washes well. (I wash & dry my bedding weekly.)
Nice ashtray, it keeps the smoke from fogging up my office and reduces the nicotine odor.
Looks great when completes.
Looks great on my shirt!
Very nice quality, cleans easily, attractive
This blanket was exactly as I was hoping it would be. Soft, warm, waffle knit look. I couldn't be happier with this purchase. I'm a little worried how it will wash up. Will update after the first time its washed.
Got these pillow cases for my den and i couldn't love them more! The design is just like the picture, and the colors are bright and well done. They fit a 18x18 pillow so they are pretty big! The stitching seems well done so they shouldn't fall apart! Very happy with these pillow cases
If you're looking for a nice comfortable pillow you found it here. Super soft and fluffy. Well made and will keep you sleeping like a baby all night.
I use these for packing my family's lunchtime sauce. I've been using them daily .very useful .They are easy to open and close. All around very
They are very pretty and a nice quality. I can't wait to use them. Shipping was also quick.
Quality of the mesh is great and doesn't feel cheap at all. Washed some baby socks in the bags and it worked nicely and seemed to get the socks cleaned. I love the zipper on the bag and didn't unzip when it was washed. Would buy more when these ones get old.
I was looking for a brush organizer that would keep the dust off of my makeup brushes. I hit the jackpot with this product! The quality is fantastic and the acrylic doesn't feel thin or cheap. I was able to use my label maker to label what's inside the drawers. Absolutely love it! May need a second one.
The quality of each tool is very good. The paint tray is designed cute foot-shape, and the ribbon inside the transparent rod is also very beautiful. All in all, I am very satisfied with it. I found that it can be used not only for painting on rocks, but also for nail art. A variety of sizes and types of Dot Tools and brushes can draw different patterns on the nail.
I love this fan! I keep it on all day and all night when I'm home and it keeps me cool during the summer heat! I love that it has 2 speed settings and even in the lowest setting it does a great job.
Great cover. Fit my queen size mattress perfectly. I needed something to protect my mattress and this works great. Will buy for all my other beds to protect my mattresses.
I love using these bigger boards for multiple projects at a time! Way more efficient! Been using since Christmas & still going strong with on the adhesion!
I bought two of these while setting up my screen printing system. Good solid screen--just what I needed!
Very nice and sturdy.
Easy to install (my favorite feature), they look adorable and were reasonably priced. Very satisfied!
AMAZING quality, especially for the low price! I've payed a lot more for sheets that were half the quality of these!
It seems small when I first got it but it can hold lots of stuff!
Love this product! Very good quality and the colors are fun. I have used it for washing and packing. Great product. Thank you!
Love these storage cubes. The color is nice and bright red. My 8 year old daughter loves almost anything red, and would love it if we painted her whole room from floor to ceiling red. We're settling for some red accents for now :) These storage cubes do the trick nicely, and look amazing. She loves them.
We searched high and low for a quality mattress cover and we found it in this one. Washes up nice with no shifting of the loft and backing fabric is solid and will not fall apart after multiple washings.
Great product and great quality
It came with very detailed application instructions, which I appreciated. Looks great on the wall and very smooth.
It's been a while since I could use my Roomba. So nice to have it working again.
So far so good but I have not washed it yet. The colors are vibrant and really brightens my room.
This thing is awesome! I wish it was a little more sturdy and could stand up a little better. It's actually super nice and convenient with the rolls of wrapping paper. Would buy again and recommend!
Product smells nice and comes in easy to grab bear sized pieces. I use 1 so my kids don't spill the wax out id the bump my dresser or theirs. I use silicone cups to make the dish deeper and easier to clean but they won't melt in it. So I can use them for the bears. Good pick for sick kids and adults. I love the smell all the time but may seem medicinal to others. Will definitely buy again and the only draw back I see is that the smell is a little light. You need to use 2 if you can.
Used this yesterday and Its really good. Easy to assemble and start. Affordable and good quality . Highly recommend .
Exactly as described! Love the look!
This set is beautiful, seems like it will be durable. I just put it on our guest bed so i haven't washed it yet. I just love it!
I Love this clock this is my third one and just ordered another one.
Nice size for wall hanging.... very pretty color!
I put four of these in our 26 foot travel trailer over the winter. We live next to the ocean in a damp climate. The bags were almost full of water which tells me they worked amazingly! No damp mold spots anywhere in my closets or bunks! Highly recommend to keep mold and moisture out!
Great product for the price
So far these have been great. They absorb and hold a lot of dirt and debris while still cleaning. I have reused them about 20 times already and don't show any deterioration. I use a rubber brush to clean often between cleanings instead of putting in a washer.
Great product for your buck. Worth it 100%
The map arrived at my doorstep within 2 days and it was in two rolled up pieces which are very sturdy. As outlined by the seller each one had to be flattened. I chose to re-roll the opposite way. Great for posting for the four year olds!
They were perfect for my use although they are thinner than I expected which wasn't a problem for me.
Came carefully packaged and just as described. Very nice!
These were very cute and went perfect with the mugs I bought for my girlfriends at work to have a tea party before the wedding. :)
I love these!! It is so much easier than trying to put the thread through that little hole in the needle.
So very happy with this product. Exactly as described.
Truly one of my best finds on amazon. I went from storing 4 pairs in one area to 10. Which allowed me to buy more. If u have lots of shoes and or limited space these will reduce the space that your shoes are using by at least 50% because it creates a way for your shoes to be stored vertically safely. Even if u have a shoe rack or shoe cubby this invention will work. You will be able to now get 2 pairs of shoes in the same space where before was only space for 1 pair. Truly one of the best inventions. Highly recommend.
After soaking in soapy water to remove most of ink finish with a small amount of solution in another small bottle to completely open nibs!
Love the remote control function, but be aware that this does not come with batteries, and each candle takes TWO double AA
Came exactly as it said it would! Great material and strong velcro. Fits perfectly on the vest!
This was exactly what I needed! It is well made, looks nice, and keeps my end table tidy. There is plenty of room for a standard tissue box (cube shaped) and several remotes. The lid that covers the tissue box does not come off when I quickly pull a tissue. It would be nice if this was offered in other colors, but as is the product is great.
Excellent value - love having an extra for the price of one! Quality is good, LEDs function well and the hard cases are very durable. Would buy again.
Everything was a advertised. Worked perfect for what I needed it for.
if your goal is to practice or test materials for learning this is a great way to do it
I LOVE these! I used them as a centerpiece for my babyshower and the quality is amazing!
Beautiful and big ..excellent for my necklace ..I love it ..
Beautiful addition to my home! Added just the right amount of pizzazz!
Good quality pillow covers. Looks just like photo. Heavy fabric
These are wonderful organizers. The plastic is thick and sturdy, the quality top notch.
Got this product as a gift for my niece, who has a sizeable makeup collection. Was very happy with this for the price, and so is she!
I love this little boat! It is well made and sturdy. I put artificial running greens in it with 2 small bird nests and birds in it. I have gotten lots of compliments on it.
Very nice size for fingertip towels. Nice soft texture also.
but, it is made of plastic and I access it often... I bought two more for my vapes seals well.
We love all the above feature, will help our grand daughter time concept.
I just love them. I'm about to order another set. All of my friends have asked where I got the bags from. I took a screen shot so they'd order the right ones. Thank you for my smoothie convenience.
Very pretty Easy to work with. Came faster than expected, but took almost 2 weeks. It was worth the wait!
Very beautiful! I will definitely buy another one for my sister-in-law.. Gorgeous!!!!
Very nice quality sheets, very soft once washed.
Quality is excellent.
Best suction I've ever found. Have it on fiberglass. Also, important to me is that it is not metal and those rust. This basket is quite large so pay attention to the measurements. Also, would have loved a way to hang a washcloth but not a dealbreaker. Highly recomment
We use our kettle daily, often 2-3 times a day. We've purchased 2 as I chipped one by mistake after using for a year. We're now on our second and I love that it's glass so no rust or questionable metal contamination. Easy to clean.
Very effective to block light from outside
Quality product. Beautiful.
I ordered 48 of these candles to be used at my daughter‘s wedding. They burned beautifully (and smoke free )for 7 hours and I still have 3/4 of each candle left. They did not melt over the side of the candle so I did not have waxy messes in all my candleholders. Highly recommend them!
Easy to install and works great.
Great product . 500 thread count fabric feels great to touch. Great color, feel and comfort . Product was well done with no defect. Cool and comfortable to sleep on . After washing the fabric retained the sheen and fitted well to bed ... I love to sleep on this sheet . Great Product. Buying more for self and others in the family.
A little brighter than I realized but perfect!
This cord is quite thin but silky and has nice body, no kinks or curls when taken off the roll, just ready to go, and just so nice to work with. Thin enough to thread thru larger beads, great for making sliding knot necklaces for pendants.
We have been looking for a step on garbage can for quite awhile. This one is tall, large and well built. I like that is has the slow, quiet close of the lid. The bag storage kind worthless because the rolls of garbage bags are too large to fit.
I used them between the curtains on my bed room. These are absolutely gorgeous! You'll never fine a better price!
My photo of the frames really doesn't do it justice. These are very high quality frames and a great value for the money. They did come with nicely cut white matting that I took out for my drawings. The packaging was nice and they arrived fast. Both the frame and glass are of very good quality. What a great addition to our nursery!
They are so Q and the quality is good.
I loved how easy it was to switch out my filters. Very good quality. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone.
I needed to replace the filters on my Shark vacuum cleaner and these worked perfectly! Thank you.
Using for a wedding...I'm sure they will work great
The scent lingers throughout the house and leaves a beautiful scent all day
Perfect for me to store some of my jewelry on the bathroom counter to access it easily when I'm getting dressed!
These all smell soo good. I could smell as soon as I took off the plastic film on the box. They are really cute too.
Great price and great way to show and store special earrings that are worn occasionally.
Bought for my 4 year old to countdown to Christmas we love it
Great quality nice decor
Beautiful. He's my favorite contemporary artist. One is for my wife and the other two for me. Now I just have to make frames for them.
Ordered these for my mother is has cancer and she spends the days coloring. She has gone through several different pens for coloring but she is really impressed with these. Will be ordering again.
Awesome hangers!! Easy to pack for trips and strong enough to hold all my clothes.
Such cute pillow cases! Not quite as soft as I would have liked but still very comfortable for my toddler. Washes well. Great buy and I would definitely purchase again.
Patty here-I loved doing this painting. Lots of detail. Plenty of paint, good quality paint. Still had to paint over some lighter colors but I think that's true for all pbn. Very satisfied with finished painting.
This is our first Vacuum and we are very happy with it's overall quality. My wife and I are the kind of people obssessed with cleanliness and keep thing hygienic, this machine can is able to do a great job that we are very satisfied! We don't have to use a mop anymore. I like the headlight it's very useful when reaching out to a corner place. The only downside is that the vacuum is a little loud, not sure how this is compared to other brand since it's our first one.
We love this product! Purchased for daughters bedroom and she loves the light!
Picture doesn't do it justice very pretty very well made love it cant wait to use it !! Melissa
So when I ordered this blanket I was accidentally sent the wrong color. However, after a quick message to the seller they responded super fast, delivered quickly, and I got to keep the first blanket! It's also EXTREMELY soft
So far so good. Heats up bedroom pretty quick. I love the fact its mounted on wall so its perfect when space is limited. VERY HAPPY WITH IT! Came fast also.
Beautiful embroidery in vivid fall colors, perfect for fall and Thanksgiving. I also like the cut out details which makes it look expensive. I purchased the 86 inch length for my 60 inch table and there is enough overhang on the ends. Nice material and good price.
Very easy to shrink wrap items. Comes in a nice zip lock bag.
I wanted this for my small watch collection, hoping to expand this collection over the next few years.
Very helpful with anxiety. Blanket makes you feel you are wrapped in a hug. Isn't too hot. It keeps you a nice , comfortable temperature
Thank you For fast service !
I bought these for my daughter. She has very fine and curly hair. I wanted a silky pillowcase because she tends to wake up with her hair in knots. So far, using this pillow case, she has had less knots
These clasps did exactly what I wanted them to. I'm very glad that I purchased them.
This clock is accurate and a good size for old eyes.
Gorgeous mirror..hope to find a larger one.
Fast shipping, exactly as described, Thanks for the smooth transaction! A+++
Perfect for hurricane season
Love it. and very impressed.
Wife is ecstatic about it!
Don't know what to say. This thing is great to put garbage in. It works just fine.
This works great. I put it right by my bed and it does the job. Perfect for allergy sufferers.
Amazing fan. Quiet, many speeds, intake/exhaust options, which can be turned on simultaneously on different sides of the fan.
Super comfy lapdesk even with my heavy MSI 17.5" gaming laptop. My legs no longer burn after 20 minutes, I don't have to turn on the turbo fan, and I can move around without feeling like the whole ship is going to sink. It looks nice to boot! The only drawback is that with a laptop as big as mine, there isn't enough room to use a mouse on the desk. Wouldn't be a problem if you use the touchpad and isn't a problem for me since I was already used to using a mouse on the bed next to me.
It works very well for backing on Machine Embroidery that you only need support where the stitching is.
Just what I needed for helping my grandmother get organized and just as described. The cubes space available was a little over 13 inches. So the 13x13 cubes could have worked also. But the 12x12 cubes were more affordable.
Does glow in the dark but it was easy to work with I've Loved product and it is doing very well for me and my customers level two
Cool- it smelled really bad !
Purchased four of these wine storage units and use them for storing water bottles my girls use during their runs. Looks good and does a fine job of organizing bottle. No more tumbling bottles in the kitchen.
It is so airtight that with a little space between the mattress and the mattress encasement, air gets trapped and is difficult to remove. This is fine with me, as it has the effect of an air mattress, and makes the whole thing more comfortable - at least to me. Installation was a bit difficult due to the fact that the had to be slipped down into the encasement. However, being an elderly woman, I could accomplish it pretty easily alone. I think it is a nice product. Came on time with no hassle.
This is a very good electronic clock, very good quality, appearance is also very nice, not only to watch the time electronic clock, it is still an alarm clock, wake up you at the necessary moment, this electronic clock has two power outlets, Can be used to charge the phone, very practical. Also to say is that Amazon's service is very good, and the logistics is very fast.
good deal for 4 of them even though I actually didnt need 4 of them. I left one of the stove by accident and it melted when the stove was turned on. Unless you are doing that, it is pretty hard to break them. One thing I have to say, cleaning it can be a challenge because of the honeycomb design, but generally I rinse it with water, shake it around then hang it up so the water would dry out properly.
Beautifully crafted frame, second one I've purchased for my home. Nice rustic look.
These showed up great on the black paper of a guest book. Everyone loved them.
Good quality, arrived quickly in good shape, no surprises.
I like that the clamps are adjustable in width. I use the hangers for banners of different sizes.
Got it to replace a blanky for my little guys twin bed. He loves how silky and smooshy it is. Vibrant color too. Great buy.
Great price , good quality. They provide the screws, anchors and level to install .
We have two long windows in our open two-story living room. We needed to put something up for privacy and this was perfect. It really is beautiful, lets enough light in. It also produces prisms of color on the wall when the sun hits it just right as well as on the window you get a bit of color. Really is beautiful.
More cats than I expected! Adorable tiny fairy-sized kitties.
Exactly as described. Perfect as a storage bin inside my cabinets.
I used this product in a macrame project on 3mm cord and they fit and looked amazing. Hard finding beads with the hole diameter being large enough to accommodate large cord. Appreciated this came in large quantity for a cheap price. It's a very shiny gold, thin and lightweight.
This was for my great-niece and she was delighted!
finally a cabinet lock my daughter doesn't know how to open!
Large roll, easy to use, adheres wells. Overall great quality. Would purchase again.
Used for our doggies ashes, he had touched so many lives and our friends & family requested a bit of him. These were perfect, we had to superglue the cork down, but it makes a lovely little gift/necklace etc... to carry around our loved Louis dog.
We received this today. It's beautiful. Love the shiny chrome. Easy to install. Took about 10 minutes. Just needed to open up the battery compartment to add six AA batteries and the liquid hand soap. Screwed in the three screws and placed it on our bathroom wall. Works like a charm!
Really nice!!!! I love it. Looks like a picture instead of an ironing board cover. Very happy!
This pillow is very interesting as it is different from many others in that it is shaped to help you fit in and sleep comfortably. The memory foam is nice, not too soft and not too firm. The shape of the pillow is great for neck support with the unique indent in the middle. One complaint is that you should air the pillow out once you get it since it smells a bit like the plastic bag. Overall I recommend this pillow, Amazon has amazing returns so if it doesn't work out for you, you can just return it hassle free!
Strong hanger, not flimsy like most plastic hangers and excellent price. Second time I've purchased hangers from neatness. Major Bonus: Made In America by a family owned small business.
Perfect frame to showcase my achievement. Worth every penny!
But just like the previous comments, putting on the rear panels is not easy since it is so sturdy. Some of my purses need to fold over to fit, but I do love how uncluttered my closet is now
Perfect for what I needed. Beats the plastic ones by a mile Just remember these are good if your door does not open INTO a wall. The hanger, when extended will not allow the door to open and will bash up the wall. It's fine with the hanger in the down position, or if the door opens into a closet.
This is the best tool for sweeping, and reusable. Perfect.
Very soft and comfortable
Overall this is a good item. It is obviously plastic and plastic breaks down overtime. I don't imagine these will be any different. It took me a minute to figure out how to open the clip, it does open easily once you get the hang of how it opens. You'll have plenty of them, and in fun colors, to work in whatever project your involved in.
No dislikes. Absolutely perfect
I love this bag. Much better than carrying a hamper
Fantastic product; arrived without problems has been working great as our stationary drawer dividers
The knead erasers were of good quality and received very quickly. I use this for drawing with graphite it can be manipulated to wear as it can erase small small areas
Perfect fit and at a GREAT price!!!!!
Nice quality. The same size as your typical stocking. Plenty of room for small toys, candy, etc. Happy with my purchase!
Great at reflecting the light
Perfect 10 in every wsy
This sheet set was everything I'd hoped for when ordering them. The fabric is soft and breathable. Awesome value for the price!!
Best cordless vacuum cleaner I've ever purchased, and it's not even close! It is worth spending the few extra $$$!
Fantastic quality. Well worth the money than lesser quality products at same price.
I like the light weight and very comfy
I was a little apprehensive to buy this comforter after reading some of the negative reviews, but I decided to try it anyway. I am very glad that I did! The comforter is beautiful, soft and lightweight, yet keeps us warm! It did come wrinkly, but the wrinkles were gone within a day.
Lightweight and not a thick eyesore! Thin and gets the view to seem simple but elegant with the right curtains.
These sheets fit my sons twin IKEA mattress perfectly! They are soft and breath (he's a hot sleeper). I am going to buy another set!
Love this mirror perfect for women for make up u can do your make up in the dark I love this mirror.it is very nice in my bedroom.
They are the size and quality they advertised. I find the are great to use to collect and separate my little things. I used to sort jewelry I do not plan to keep so when I donate these items they might actually get repurposed and not lost.
Be sure to buy 3 of these, who can really own just 12 watches?
This drain stopper has worked great on a bathroom drain that refused to seal & hold water. It is also cute & works well to add to our fish decor. It is a nice, sturdy material that I'm sure will continue to work for a long time. It's a great price for an easier fix than having to call a plumber.
Its a light blanket and is super soft. I LOVE IT!
I returned because husband didn't want.
Love these ribbons came out very good and seller was quick with great response.
We have purchased teak wood in the past and have received excellent products. This was no exception. We have been using it in our walk in shower since day one. Thanks.
I absolutely love the look of this flag. The colors are beautiful and crisp. I would definitely recommend purchasing.
It was very easy to assembly and looks nice and full
Love these mattress pads. They are superior and worth spending that little bit extra. I highly recommend these mattress pads.
This is one of those products you don't realize you need until you stop and think about just how dirty your phone or tablet get over time. The single-use individual packets make it easy to keep the cleanser on hand at home or on the go. More convenient and a better option than the alternatives. Overall, a good product for the money.
I had bought one of these years ago and my son now thinks their super cool, so I bought him on for his birthday. Good heavy construction, so they hold up to lots of use or carrying around in your pocket. Fun way to work on spelling and secret codes at the same time for my 1st grader. He can easily spin the dial to the identified number and then decode my messages and vice a versa. Only problem is I may have get a second for one of his buddies if they keep sending coded messages to each other..
These are so soft and comfortable. Definitely plan of buying more.
My friend is a Great Baker and loves horror movies. When I saw this apron I just had to get it. Of course he loves it.
Perfect weight! Big and soft!
This decorative pillow cover is gorgeous, well-made, and durable. I love it! Definitely a great value.
The kids loved this paint st my sons glow party!
bought three of these and they are so comfortable! The weight is amazing and feels luxurious, like a down pillow but without all the feathers poking you and also I just feel better knowing no animals died for my pillows. Love love love them!
I love this bedspread. Exactly the quality I was looking for but not finding in local stores. Colors are just right, and the spread is very soft to the touch. The price was better than anything I saw at Bed, Bath and Beyond...plus it came with 2 throw pillows.
Really great, durable brushes. I love to paint, but my 3 year old loves to paint as well and tears up any brushes we give him, haha. So we typically buy some of the cheapest paint brushes we can find. I have to hide these from him because they are so great that I really do not want him to mess them up. They come in a very convenient carrying case. The handles are thick, the bristles are high quality. These are some of the best brushes I've had.
We absolutely LOVED this painting! It goes perfectly in our living room and is a real eye catcher. Great quality and was packaged very well.
Great clock, able to be seen from any reasonable distance. Easy to set up.
I bought this for my mom. She really likes it. Great quality and very nice design with the pockets! Perfect for kitchen and workshop as well. I'll definitely buy it again.
I loved them so did all my sisters.
Used for a baking birthday party. Kid's ages are seven and eight year olds. Fit great.
Works as advertised. I send it to Puerto Rico and they love their fans.
Product was good quality, nice frame, fair price.
I like everything abut them they are perfect!
These are beautiful. They look real. I would definitely use them again.
Great quality especially for the price. Perfect length. I ordered two sets because i like a full look. However not needed. Door in picture has four panels two on each side.
I love this blanket. It is very warm and Incredibly lightweight.
I ordered these for some solar light decorations I'm working on. They are adorable and the signs make them that much cuter!
Very nice quality. Looks great!
I am constantly cold at my desk at work and the lap blanket I was using just wasn't cutting it. I wish I had found this sooner, it's so warm and comfy!! I'm 5'7" and this keeps me covered from neck to toes, I love it!~
I've been really happy with it esp for the price. The cables really are insanely long. I will say that the lines do stretch (temporarily sag) a bit if you have them fully unrolled and with plenty of clothes. I bet all brands do though.
I love the lantern so much! I gifted it to someone and they loved it as well! From the color to the make of it, it's really pretty. I like the idea of having fairy lights in it versus a candle since you have to be more cautious with the latter. Great buy.
I love them! Perfect for what I wanted for decorations beside our tv!
This was very easy to install. It comes with pads to place on the hooks to ensure a snug fit on the door. It was easy to attach the clips to the belt and you can place them wherever you'd like. We are storing hats and gloves on this organizer with ease.
i really like this product. It is very easy to pump and evacuate. i feel very soft when lie on top of it. it seems to be a air-sofa at the front of the TV in my hall. I will recommend it to my friends around.
I love to iron - anything. I love fabrics - all of them. Each fabric has it's own tolerance for heat and moisture. The right tool is essential to achieve the desired result - a smooth finish and be certain the fabric will not be damaged. Because I'm so particular about results I want the right tool. In twenty years the eureka is my third iron. The other two just quit after many years of great service. I looked at many options and for my reasons I chose the eureka. This iron is lightweight and the soleplate easily glides over all fabrics. Temperature control is spot on. All settings and options work to my needs. So glad I bought the eureka. I know I'll have many years of happy ironing.
Perfect for my cold hands on my desk!
This worked out perfect! The material appears to be strong enough. It holds everything I need it to. Most importantly my shower appears to be less cluttered now!
Bought these couple of years ago and they still look and feel the same. In love with these towels!
very satisfied with looks of product.
Purchased to make canvas lined shopping bags. Perfect size, and the weight is heavy enough to hold just about anything it needs to, without being overly stiff. There was one section where there was a manufacturing flaw that I had to work around, but it was a small area. Ordering again to make another set of bags.
This guest book is beautiful! Would gladly recommend to anyone!!
My brother-in-law's birthday is coming up. This is going to be a gag type gift for him. He is one of those guys that loves to rough-house with the kids. The kids think of him as the fun, cool uncle. One of his favorite sayings that he says to the kids all the time is "I'm going to wrap you up like a burrito". When I saw this I couldn't resist. The blanket comes in a nice ziplock type storage bag. It's a big round blanket that's extremely soft and comfortable against the skin. It's not very thick so is perfect for when you just want a light layer over you. It's looks exactly like a big burrito/tortilla type shell. Really Cute! Check out my photos.
Item was shipped very quick.
Great addition to army jackets for grandsons. Love the In God we trust. Fun project.
This bed skirt fits my queen sleep number bed beautifully. The ruffles are full all around. For added protection against any slippage or sagging, I used about seven twist pins. The material, elastic, and workmanship is of good quality. I didn't have to cut off any loose threads. To get rid of the wrinkles from packaging, I put the skirt in the dryer with a couple damp washcloths for about ten minutes. Then it was on the bed in no time at all.
With animals and a geriatric husband that soils the rugs this product has saved me so much money and time excellent product
No tools required, Foldable Laundry basket. Each Basket is fairly large and its very easy to fold and store under the bed/ side of the laundry machine when not in use. Its also very light but made with a very sturdy fabric that prevents ripping. It is perfect for someone who like to have compartments for their laundry but not want a huge metal rack basket taking up huge parts of a room.
They are easy to put on, last after removing earrings even during sleep and are comfortable
I'm so glad we went with this Jack and not another! He's HUGE and my teenager loved him.
Bought this because it looks exactly like my dog and my family loves it. Thinks it's hilarious. Definitely worth the money.
Great pillows! Very soft feel to them.
I was hesitant about this weighted blanket, I purchased it on sale. I have had restful sleep every since i began using it.You will not regret it. I have a somewhat stressful job and i need a good nights sleep. it is comforting and very soft.
The material on this laundry bag is very durable, cut comfortable to carry. The laundry bag holds a lot of clothes. It can also be collapsible into a small compact bag.
I use this bottle brushes for many purposes air gap cleaner dishwasher and Hvac great in hard to reach palaces
Very good product very good price!!!
We are very pleased with out clothing moth traps. What a clever attractive design that protects our clothing investment naturally. Thanks Doctor!
This a great closet alternative! I purchased this for my husband. He converted an extra bedroom to a closet using these racks. So far, it's worked out great! We are using 3 of them and it's more than enough hanging space. The room actually looks like a closet by design! Very happy with this item. Highly recommend it
These are the best drain plugs that I can find! They let hardly any, if any at all of the hair go down the drain. They're super easy to clean, just pop them out and use a tissue to pull the hair off and then place it back in the drain. I highly recommend these!
We got my kids new beds and mattresses and for the last few months, my daughter had been unable to keep her damn sheets on her bed. Like we put them on and when she wakes up they're off completely. Totally infuriating! We hooked these bad boys up as soon as we got them and haven't had any issues since! I admit, it is a PIA because we have to flip the mattress to attach, but I'd we work together it isn't awful.
It's cute. it makes my restroom pop with color. I added artificial succulent plants on top of my toilet to make it look like a tropical bathroom and i always get compliments.
The flowers are soooooo cute! Bought because a friend was looking for burlap items for decoration and these did not fail us!!
Great curtain the room is dark and cozy ! Love it !
Amazing product and just bought two more!
I was having to crack my back every morning to take stress off of it but ever since I started using it, I haven't needed to anymore. definitely worth buying
Excellent, easy to use, does the job, cute too
This travel pillow is one of the best i have bought till now. The pillow is soft and really comfortable. Good product.
Box arrived in perfect condition, packaged very well. Love the box. Durable, the moving pieces are extremely beneficial. Well crafted and the design is excellent. Highly recommended!
i can't draw free hand so being able to have a little cheat with these stamped pieces is great. good material and good stamping and it washes off.
This assortment is an incredible value- the scent is just right.
Great coffee cup -good weight,feel and super cute !
Works great for my medical supplies I'm using it for.... Its not good to roll around on carpet because the wheels are too small... The wheels need to be just a tad bit bigger...
It was exactly what I was looking for .
I like everything about this product.
Small shelf at the top is a nice feature.
Great Wi-Fi camera for the price, the IR night vision is also great. The motion detection works really well and can be adjusted in sensitivity.
My nephew will love this, my sister...not so much but it's what he asked for. Can't wait to see him open it!!
My daughter is really happy with this! color is great design is great. Very nice!
Used it to make cookies for Nurse's Week. Was perfect!
Using it as an incentive award for my unicorn workers...mounted it looks fantastic.
They are the perfect size sheets. They cam in very cute packaging.
Can't wait to start printing!!
I purchased these filters for future use.
Beautiful shower curtains. Just as described.
These scented candles are so good and smell so nice. The smell is so pleasant and makes me feel so relaxed. Candle box is so cute and decorative, we already completed one and we are using that empty box for storing jewelry. We got one more and gifted to my cousin for there new house warming, they loved it set. We received the item in a perfect gift packing way, I love these candles and recommend this.
I bought a king size bed and needed sheets. I found these on amazon and thought i would try them. The price was certainly affordable. I liked them so much, i bought a second set. They are extremely soft and stay put on the bed throughout the night. I love them.
it's a great addition or my house. I don't like cleaning everyday which bothers me so much. I bought this to save me from painful cleaning. Just need to turn it on and let it run for half hour to an hour on it own, then it goes back to its base quietly. Especially convenient for cleaning corners and under sofa, table and bed. I love to have the vacuum robot do all that for me.
Beautiful in our babies room, only thing I wish is they would cancel out more light but they are really pretty and match the room perfectly!
To be clear, these are not meant to be total "blackout" curtains because, duh, there are tiny star-shaped cut outs in the curtains. That being said, they do an awesome job of darkening our nursery and have helped my littles take longer naps and sleep in later in the mornings (a total unexpected blessing for this mama of six)! My 2-year-old loves seeing the stars "shine" through the curtains and my baby no longer wakes up cranky because the sun is shining in her eyes. My other kiddos were so jealous of the stars in these curtains that I plan to purchase these for each of my other children when their turns come to redo their bedrooms. I highly recommend!
Items were pretty but I wanted them to be smaller for this project
Really impressed with the quality of these didn't expect such high thread-count or such a luxurious feel use them for my massage table and I'm very impressed with the quality and the cost very reasonable
They did exactly as they said they would and caught the dripping wax! Thank you!
Very nice, laminated map.
These gloves really work great protecting your hands from the heat, even in the hottest oven !!!!! I was looking for oven mitts that really worked well, and they are not always easy to use, and mitts can be awkward! These are very, very heavy duty and have a loop you can hang them up on. I hung then on a hook in the cabinet right next to the oven, keeps them put away, yet ready to use! These gloves are on the "large" side I agree, but it was not a surprise to me in looking at the picture! I am very happy with these oven safety mitts !
I have had this since Monday and love it. In the picture you can see what KB Looms sent (red handle). I am now pain free. I am loving this loom hook.
These would be all I need for cake decoration! My friend borrowed me the turntable for my son's birthday cake decoration and it worked great. So I decided to invest one for myself. I am so glad that I made the choice as it is affordable and it makes me feel so good about decorating and professional about making cake decoration. Overall, it is great kit!
This jewelry box is by far one of the most pleasant and sentimental gift I have bought ever. Brings a lot of memory to the family and looks super cute. Music and craftsmanship are amazing
Great price and quality.
Very easy to adhere to wall and a really good price. Thumbs up!
This wreath is beautiful. Very much worth the price. Unfortunately I may have to return because it is much thicker than I had thought it would be and my glass door won't close with it hanging on the wooden door. May have to return but trying to find a way to use it anyways because it is beautiful. Hung it above the entry way table for now.
Mop is great. The fact you can separate the water from used is helpful. This allows you to have to change the water less. The only thing is I wish the mop would bend on both sides. Reason is because unless you fill the bucket to the top. A part of the mop won't get the water. But for the price it is great. Added to the fact you can wash it is great. Goodbye swiffer
Only dislike is that I had to be mindful of the position of it or the thread would come out of the hook.
This is great for keeping your winter clothes up and shoes shown and ready to wear. Easy to put together and holds a lot of jackets and scarfs without any wobbles. Stay organized
I like this silicone oven mitts and pot holder. Silicone is waterproof and left no greasy stain on it. I think it is more durable than the fabric kinds
I really like them. That work so well.
So easy to put on and off. I've had the other ones which have two covers...one for cushions and one for the rest of the sofa. If you don't have animals the 2 piece is the way to go, but if you have animals you need to wash it more often so I prefer the one piece.
I was very pleased with my purchase. The product was well packaged and came when predicted.
Fantastically comfortable, takes some adjusting to the level of sink but absolutely worth the price for upping the comfort of your bed
Exactly what I wanted. Have been using it for about a month and had no issues at all.
This is a great product for people who travel. I love that it's lightweight and easy to use.
I loved the printed pattern. The fit could be tighter.
I bought this for a gift for my mother as she smokes cigarettes you know the very nasty smelly things that you need to light with flame or something hot and suck on and it stinks and it ruins your life. It works great for her the cigarettes don't but this ashtray does
Fits so perfect across my room. I actually have a mini living room in my room now.
These bulbs work but not as bright as a 7 watt incandescent bulb, they seem to be 10-20% less bright. This is just bright enough to illuminate something within 5 feet but not bright enough further away. I use these to illuminate a friends religious shrine and they are happy about the energy savings but not about the brightness level. The seller sent the order in a bubble wrap envelope and that resulted in the top parts of some bulbs coming apart during shipping, but you could snap them back on. If you need brightness, maybe something else would be better.
Very durable product This is exactly what I needed to organize all of my photos
perfect fit to store my hair tools under the sink.
Sturdier than I expected. It is very pretty but I didn't care for the brownish color so I spray painted it go,d and now it is perfect.
Very nice sheets for the money! Soft and comfortable. The purple color is beautiful.
Great product. Great service.
I have received many complements on this bag.
Love the glitter and variety of colors.
Looks perfect! My wedding is in May and am so thrilled to use these!!
They looked beautiful on my Christmas tree.
Soft, beautiful design. We looked through so many options to find something for our 3 year old daughter who wanted a Queen Esther room. This is soft and beautiful and we would highly recommend!
I love the assortment of scents in this package. The containers themselves are elegant enough to display.
Standard sewing needles. Nice variety of sizes.
I bought 2 more rolls of this. I have been making some bracelets and most of the beads have super tiny holes, so this is what I normally use. So far, so good.
This is the best steamer I have used. It is light weight and heated up quickly. Definitely worth the price.
Love this saying and it looks great on my office door. Such nice motivation saying. So glad I decided to but this.
This and has worked very well so far making t-shirts. Warms up quickly does this what we needed to do temperature seems accurate. Not much else for ask for it this time.
It was in great condition and was delivered very quickly.
Love the "no touch" pedal and the dual nature of the trash bin. Not a fan of the internal, metal handle that keeps ripping my trash bags as I pull them out. Also, because it's a "dually", neither side is full sized. There is always room in my trash bag for more trash when I remove it - and you can't jam it in the bin because the bag will rip. All in all, just minor inconveniences that are not that big of a deal. The trashcan is as it is represented aaaand works well.
This fit my 7 1/2 ft tree and 2 9ft garland with room to spare!!!
I love these shams. The color is perfect. They are soft and wrinkle free. They look beautiful!
This item is a must if you are polishing your own shoes. I've found that it works well and I haven't had any use for another brush. When used with the proper materials and techniques, this brush will help you achieve shiny shoes from the comfort of your home (or wherever you chose to polish your shoes)>
These candles are so elegant, perfect to put out during the holidays. You can add your own tea light candles to them or you can put fake ones battery operated in it or even those wired little string lights would look cool. They are such a pretty gold color and look really expensive I think they would also be a great gift for the holidays.
Was tired of my old hair dryer burning up my hair and taking more than an hour to dry. This one is quicker and doesn't burn your hair. I used it around a bunch of my girl friends and they were all surprised how little time I took to get my hair ready. 2 of them just bought the same one.
This pink over-the-door organizer was for my daughter, who has limited storage in her room. She was excited to put it to use! It was a little smaller than expected but still useful.
Very versatile straps. Gave me a lot of options to mount my hammock.
Perfect shape and size for a dummy cake
I love this diamond painting roller. I have used it for about a month now and am so happy with it. It presses the diamonds of the diamond painting in place. I wish I had this tool sooner. The roller works without any issues. I am able to add pressure to the painting without damaging the diamonds.
Makes all those kitchen cleaning items look tidy. The perfect addition to my sink area.
This was a purchase that I had on my wish-list for a long time before I bit the bullet and ordered it. Couldn't be happier with this Post-It holder organizer. It arrived packaged really well and arrived much quicker than I expected. The product is sturdy and looks like it will withstand constant use (which it will get). There's plenty of room between the slots for your fingers - ie it is easy to pull the Post-It notes out and put them back in. I'm so pleased with this that I'm looking forward to gifting some in the future to my co-workers and friends who love office supplies.
As described, timely manner.
Perfect neutral color & these curtains really do block out the sun!
The 2-1/2" dia SS strainer fits perfectly inside of the drain cover and the mesh screen extends down into the drain pipe opening. With the cover on, it is invisible and doesn't protrude like other mesh drain screens. After use (me and wife) for the first time, the screen was loaded with 'stuff' . . . hair, grease, etc. It's easy to clean and will save you money b/c all of the 'stuff' collects in the screen and not in the shower drain pipe! Everybody should have one installed. And the price is right!
I bought these erasers for the cases they come in.It helps keep the erasers away from crap in my pencil bag,so I don't have to bother myself with kneading and pulling the eraser to get it clean. Loads of love!
It is very soft and a fits fine , my mattress is really hard and i always end up having body pain , but this helps a lot , material is really good and is water proof so thats great too
Had no issues sliding this on to the pillow top memory foam mattress purchased on amazon. Zipped just fine, no issues. Would purchase again if needed
It's a little bit wider than I imagined, a standard 12oz soda can has room to wiggle, so the whole thing takes up a little bit more space than it needs to. But it gets the job done and it's sturdy!
I bought my first set of Nestl sheets (Queen size for our master bedroom) more than a year ago, and absolutely love them. They are incredibly easy to care for, fit the bed well, are wearing well, and are cool and very comfortable to sleep on. My husband has had no complaints, so that is a great testament how the excellence of these sheets. I recently purchased two more sets for use on two Full size futon mattresses. Our guests also found them to be very comfortable. I am thrilled to have found this brand and will continue to purchase Nestl sheets in future.
I bought these to replace another straw that I lost. These work well and I placed them in the dishwasher and they came out fine.
I have bought 2 sets of there sheets and thinking of buying another. There are soft and have nice deep pockets.
Good quality with many colors. Great buy.
Beautiful, strong, good quality
This is amazing. I love it. Super comfortable
Thank you! Its very good.
The filters work well and clean easily.
Love love them. Soft and needed deep pockets, perfect
I used them for a themed event. Looked great!
Love the color bc they match w my chair cushions. Really easy to clean unlike the cotton ones. Very durable. Only thing is obv if water spills it will go through to the table. Not good for wooden tables but mine is glass so it's an easy clean up.
This is the only robot vacuum I've owned, but we love it. Great suction and does a great job on our wood floors picking up the cat hair from our two cats. Would recommend buying this one, also can't beat the price.
My daughter loves painting so we got these for her and they are just what we needed.
Great picture really brought the room together
Awesome shoe rack light weight and easy to put together
I got this for a gift for my mother in law and it is really good quality! It comes filled with sheets for pictures and the album has a good texture.
Super soft and perfect for any sofa.
These are my favorite runners! They are durable, easy to use, long, and easy to manage. I haven't cleaned them yet but I'm sure it will be easy to clean.
This kit was very good for beginners
Received in perfect condition and my daughter absolutely loves it!
Great for beginners and travel
I have been using this humidifier daily for the past week. It is quiet, easy to use and puts out plenty of mist to help humidify the air. I hope it lasts for several winters!
This is such a nice candle!! The scent is clean and light but pure too. It comes in a box that can easily be used to gift in. Love the look of the box and candle but of course, the most important part, the scent is amazing!!!! I definitely recommend. Great gift for yourself ( or someone else ) 🙈. Great buy.
I bought this for my daughter's class.
These are nice pillowcases. I like the feel of the fabric.
It was just as described
I recently traveled for two weeks and shared the bathroom. I have zero bad experiences with odor after explaining how this product works to the people who will use the bathroom. I am very happy with the results.
We used this for a special birthday celebration where we didn't need an actual luau pig because we didn't have enough guests to warrant getting a total pig.
Used with ease loved the color selection
I bought about 15 of these and although the photos and reviews were trustworthy i still was a bit skeptical but to my surprise, the quality was very good. I recommend these as gifts and think they would be great for customizing with monograms or other personalized touches.
Love the material & pattern. Light enough to sleep with in the heat but not too thin. Loved them so much, had to get both grey & blue
Soft and have very little wrinkles. Best sheets I've ever owned
Another range of beautiful colors from Doc Martin. This is the second lot of colors I have bought from this company and they still excite me! Colors are rich and easy to use in sprays, daubers or paint brush. Use them to color gesso, texture paste or anything really. I love experimenting so give it a go!
This is a great little tower fan! I use it all over the house, esp. in the kitchen when I'm cooking. I love the high and low settings, as well as the oscillation.
Beautiful! Great craftsmanship. Good product for a good price. Nice addition to my wife's nativity collection.
After putting it on the duvet and sleep several nights. I was immediately happy with the purchase! Personally, it's the perfect weight and softness. I'm comfortable. Not too hot, very light (depending on duvet and it's real soft feathers can see through the light). I don't think duvet can be washed so I covered with duvet cover.
Love that is has the opening, some do not...
Had it for a long time now, still going strong and my kiddo loves it.
I had fun putting this frame together! I must warn you though that it's better to have an automatic hand drill to tighten the screws because manually doing it is a pain and time consuming. Otherwise, I'm in love with the frame overall. Thank you.
Vacuum cleaner filters.
I really like this gravity blanket. The other she'll is very soft and plush, easy to secure with six interior tabs and ties. Not that I want to launder the Shell frequently, it's still a unwieldy blanket! It is the size of a twin bed, which is great because as heavy as it is, any bigger would be a negative, too hard to manage.
Honestly the description of these sucks, there's a marble that hold the towel, but that wasn't clear to me, I bought them not quite knowing what to expect, they're perfect for what I needed so would recommend them
Very good quality and great color selection!!!
At this price point, I found the duvet cover to be high quality. It's soft and breathes well, and looks of premium quality as well. Highly recommend this!
These really are very soft and comfortable sheets. The best sheets that I have purchased to this day.
Pillow came as expected. Product was as expected.
Great picture for a great price. Light weight and can be hung with included hooks or command strips
Just what I needed. Holding up well too.
Soft enough for me and have good sleep last night.
You could tell somebody went through the rocks. There were cut marks. They didn't just toss a bunch of rock in a bag. So I received nice pieces. Tossed them in the tumbler right away.
OMG!! May I say this is I've ever bought best things! It's inexpensive and easy to use! I'll buy it again!
very easy to install, seals great
quick and easy to put together and is very sturdy.
This planner has been very useful, and everyone who sees it loves it. It attract great energy! The planner is functional, and keep me in line. I would suggest anyone to purchase it.
My kids really like these little doors and windows, we have them hanging on our tree just outside our window and check for garden fairy visits often. I don't know how long they'll hold up in the rain before falling apart but so far, they've added fun to our creative imaginations.
It was a college gift for my daughter; because of light weight, she enjoyed it during summer time.
This is a very well designed product. The frame is very sturdy and the wheels attaching seconds. The grocery bag is an attractive color and pattern. I have received complements on the street about it the bag is spacious and has 4 outside pockets and even the closing flap has storage room. Whoever designed this product really took into consideration the needs of people who obviously rely on public transportation and walking to their destinations.
I use this to hold my headphones when I'm not wearing them, and it's also an interesting conversation piece.
These are very affordable. I purchased these for my sister and put them up immediately. The effect is great - provides shade from the blinding sunlight and also keeps the room cool and cozy.
This is the prettiest duvet I have ever bought for our cabin, The quality is worth 100.00
Seems to be holding up great and are very soft.
for the price this works well for out fits that need to travel. we dont fly so its only been in the care. holding up good.
I bought these for added decoration during the holidays and placed them throughout our home on walls and mirrors. They stayed up all season and were easily removed after the holidays, without damaging any surfaces or peeling paint. I feel like i used a bunch, but still have a ton left over for the next time I decorate. Definitely a great value for the price. I'll buy again if I run out! Super cute!
Great quality. Been using these things for many many years but never found any of this quality before. Will recommended
Bought these to display posters at a local fundraiser. Worked perfectly and a great price.
I like how this car vacuum is nice and compact with a good suction. Comes with 6 attachments which are easy to swap on and off. Makes getting in the cracks and creases a breeze. The narrow handle makes it easy to hold onto for just about all hand sizes. Put it all in the carry bag that comes with it, store it in the car and clean when needed. Has a cigarette lighter plug so you can use it anywhere you have car power.
Instead of a square one. I received a round one. Can't complain though, this lamp is just AMAZING. Been using it for the past 3 months
This is an amazing product. I'm learning to use it, but like all new products there will be surprises along the way of discovery
I purchased the Cali-King ... still a little small for my bed, not sure why. The comforter is VERY nice!
Nice raised texture and contrasting tone to my warm color scheme.
My daughter loves this!....and it keeps her room clean <3
Arrived on time and even included a spray bottle.
Love the two tone colors of the snowflakes. It was so quick to iron and washed beautifully! Yes it's light weight but not cheap. I would definitely recommend this item to friends.
We purchased this as an addition to our Home School art supplies and I love it! The case is nice looking and sturdy! It would make a great gift for a little artist!
How did I not know about these things... sigh.... what a fantastic way to organize the medicine cabinet and save the always overused bottom shelf... Looks great
Color is good, has anti slip on bottom, easy to clean & is strong/durable. Can also be used for your toiletries/makeup
Worked great on fitting oversized sheets on my RV mattress.
Really soft and warm. Good material. Exactly as advertised.
Absolutely beautiful was worried it wasnt going to be good quality but it absolutely is and I am very satisfied with this. Came on time and is so much better then I couldve hoped for.
High quality good price
Very nice. But a little smaller than I thought it would be. In any case, my magazines look he same as the picture. It's an unobtrusive piece and very clean looking. If that is what you want, you'll love this modern looking magazine rack.
Most comfortable Blanket ever
Great pillow cases! No Zipper and it's easy to get on and off. Comes with 2 queen size pillowcases. Very easy to take care of and keeps the dust mites out!
I'm so excited to use this! It looks simple to install and it also came w a free gift :) now I just have to get the husband to put it on for me!
Stayed lit longer than the 24 hours
Beautiful transformation with these sturdy functional racks. Highly recommend easy to install and look very modern.
Excellent quality especially given the price. Others jewelry cases costs so much more and are not as well made.
Great for smoothies and pop in the dishwasher to clean.
These are awesome, and our 7 year old loves them in his room!
just as described, fast shipping
Great purchase. Nice and sturdy!
Great product, received quickly.
Good product! Very easy to use! It takes less than 30 mins to finish my legs and arms. Not so painful, I almost couldn't feel anything and the result is really good.
Cute and fit my pillows perfectly!
Does what it's supposed to do satisfied with my purchase!
Great product for drawers
We love the vacuum! We will purchase another one for our upstairs area! Have named the robot Roho thus when we get the one for upstairs it will be named Roho Too! Love
just a pain to put together. seems flimsy until it is fully constructed.
Good value , son is happy with his big boy bed
Fast shipping. Just what I ordered.
Great kit for my first projects. The kit was exactly to the description. s\Service was great and shipping time was as promised.
I like the durability of this one. And that you can customize the size you need for different shoes. Has a cover to keep dust out and handles to pull out from under the bed. I did not like that if you ever pick up the box the shoes slide under the deviders
I used the hardware that came w/ the shelves and it works fine for me. Easy to install. Lightweight but it looks more expensive than it was. I would buy again and I would recommend.
Love this cordless. If I were order again I would get replacement filters.
I just received this and it is very pretty. I enjoy having it sit on my desk at work. I can't wait till we have some changes in weather to see how the crystals inside change. I haven't been able to notice that yet. The glass sits on the wood very nicely and no fear of it falling over. Great product so far. Fast shipping.
I didn't use the hanger. Drilled two holes and screwed to the wall.
Came quick and good price for the amount given
This is an awesome kit I absolutely love it. The only thing I wish was a bit better is the handle length. Its so long it takes a while to learn to control the tip. Other than that, very happy!
Powerful little magnet that performs as promised.
It is comfort and heavy.Great blanket for sleeper.
Got this for my littler sister who is in nursing school as kind of a gag gift for Christmas. She ended up loving it and actually uses it all the time and keeps it at her desk under her keyboard. Its anatomically correct as well.
I purchased these sheets as a gift for my 94 year old uncle. He has been thrilled with not only the quality of his new sheets but also loves that the elastic is all the way around the bottom sheet & not just at corners. I will definitely purchase these quality sheets again when the need arises.
I have hung these in a sun room to reduce some of the morning sun. They work perfectly, are pretty, and just what I needed
totally worth the cost. love it
Absolutely in love with these covers! Excellent quality.
Really great neck pillow. Got a built in pump, makes blow up super easy. I got this right after we got back from a weekend trip and everybody regret it not bringing a pillow. I'm a little more prepared now. I recommend it.
Like the design and the subtle change of color. Like that it shuts off automatically.
I hung this near my litter box waste container and it has made a huge difference. I had debated whether the smell was enough to bother with buying something, but decided I didn't want to risk having my place smell like cats! It's always the owners who don't notice. After one day I realized that the small room seemed really fresh. I hate fragance and even neutral sprays so this was a great find. I haven't had it long enough to know how long it works and to try the recharging in sunlight.
This is great. Covers the chair and protects it.
Very durable mold and just the perfect size
Material is good and my grandson loves it.
Easy to put together and holds lots of pairs of shoes. It's a bit taller than others just be aware of that.
excellent tool, well made, it makes working with memory wire a breeze
Beautiful runner! So happy I bought this!
Fit like a charm. It runs longer than it ever did.
I love these drying towels. I didn't think of it before but I use the smaller cloths to wash my cast-iron pans with warm-hot water. Found stains don't dissappear from cloths with just slightly warm water. Knew I could use soap but I didn't know I can wash them in the machine but you just have to avoid fabric softener. And they dry fast hanging on the towel rack or stove handle. Only 1 Star for giftable cause I want them myself.
Adorably cute! Appears to be well made.
This is a great drill attachment to maximize the help you can get doing a deep cleaning of your showers and tile floors. This gives you all the power to get the grime out without killing your hands from scrubbing. My shower has never looked better!
Great for traveling. Perfect for a few days worth of jewlery.
These will be perfect for my niece'a upcoming wedding. Love the color (Rose Gold) and received outstanding customer service. They were also nicely packaged. Would definitely recommend to anyone looking to have napkins personalized..
Awesome laundry hamper. Slender and easy to carry. I love that you can sort light from dark.
Wonderful product. It arrived in a frustration free box with least packaging which was super easy to open. It was very quick to set up as well and is exactly as described. It is quite sturdy when connected together and is worth every penny. Not too many points on prettiness though.
the pillow actually has two small concave area where the neck rests, well designed for human body posture to have good sleep. firm material that reduce any uncomfort feelings. A lot of times I have to use two pillows at the same time, but not with this one. It gives me all the support I need. It says it won't go flat. I've had it for a few weeks and it still feels brand new but only time will tell if it truly doesn't go flat.
Only RFID Blocking Card that works for me. Tried a lot before but this is the only legit one. I recommend this to people who wants a peace of mind while walking down the streets. It's all for your safety as well as your money.
I really liked these... its a true white cloth and pom poms. they come in pkg of 2 but I needed 3 for my King bed.... so I ordered 2 sets... its okay because its good to have an extra one in case the a guest stains one of them.
Love! Fit the pillow well. Soft to touch.
The sheets are great, thick but soft and not to warm at night. Perfect match to my comforter as well.
This is well made and well packaged. Very lightweight so will be very easy to hang in my fishing themed room.
Thin, high-quality quilt. I wanted a thin quilt like blanket for my bed, and this is it! The colors are beautiful and as pictured. It adds the perfect pop of color.
Very comfortable, only somewhat big.
Arrived early. Product as expected, would purchase again
It's been a few years since I purchased this. It arrived perfectly and years later I'm still using it and love it.
So far so good, works really good removing hair off furniture.Easy transaction. Works perfectly.
I LOVE how my labels came out!!! Julie did a great job at communicating with me and acknowledging the design requests I submitted to her. The end result is amazing.
Just what I needed. As pictured and arrived promptly.
This pillow was highly effective for my mom. According to her opinion, this pillow was so comfortable. When she saw the shape of the pillow, she denied it yo use. But i requested her to try for a night. And she did it. She had a continuous long sleep for hours. She was amazed how it happened. Everynight she goes to bed at 9 pm but falls asleep at around 1 or 2 am everyday. This night, she felt asleep at 10 pm and woke up at 5 am dreaming all night. I came to conclusion that the position of her sleep was not good enough before, and this pillow aligned her position. Also because of the softness of the pillow and air passage, it made her feel comfortable. Now, she is getting better sleep everyday. Thanks for the company who manufactured this magic pillow.
These work better than the wax that are awful to change and keep clean. The scent seems to last longer and not over powering,
I've ordered 2 of the pink fluffy ones and they are gorgeous !!!! Adds glam to my room
exactly as described
I left mine in my luggage and lost it at airport security. Who knew the TSA actually paid attention? Bought a replacement and they are still perfect to this day! Never had a problem with any Gingher products!
Fantastic cover and shams. I looked all over amazon and other sites for a week before deciding on which I wanted and believe these are potentially the best deal online. Very soft and comfortable, and they look very nice. I got teal and the color match is pretty close, though look at the darker shades in the picture more than the highlights, which is the color you will see unless you have a very bright light shining on it. When accounting for monitor calibration variances and lighting differences, it seems to be an accurate representation.
Nice, exactly what the ad said.
This is exactly what I thought it would be and saved me time and money from having to resize the ring. Finally I can wear my wedding band again. It is super comfortable and easy to install.
This jewelry box is amazing! Gave it to my mom for a gift and she loves it so much. It fits all her best jewelry she said!! Would recommend for anyone wanting to surprise that certain someone
I use this all the time to help de fuzz where my thighs rub together. Mostly scrubs, but jeans and leggings as well. It doesn't ruin the material or produce holes
These are garment bags. Probably not the highest tech item in your home. However, they do an excellent job keeping suits, and "fancy" items, free of dust and lint. They seem durable enough for hanging in a closet, or wardrobe. For traveling, possibly. The material is not very thick, so it might tear if snagged.
Can't say enough about this blanket. Will buy in more colors for other rooms. So soft.
Can't have too much embroidery thread or too many colors!!
Beautiful blanket again I'm purchased it from my mother's Christmas gift and it's huge is so soft and warm very very nice I would recommend it to anyone
I like that is so quiet, easy to clean. You can add water anytime! It even has a sleep mode on it! I'm so happy with my choice of buying item!
When I received this comforter, my sister-in-law gave me one of her comforter. I thought the one she gave me would be better than this one I bought from Amazon but no, I was wrong. The quality is better than expected. I was surprised that it is actually EXTRA PLUSH so it provides extra comfort and softness. I love it so much because i sleep a lot. Also, it is light weighted yet very warm so I'm very happy with my comforter. The only thing is that it is very white and I worry that I might stain it so a cover might be my next purchase.
These were durable easy and alot for the money.
Very pleased with this mattress protector. Easy to put on and sheet stays put on top with no issues. The fabric is slippery/silky but I've had no issues with sheets coming off because of it. Seems of good quality.
Create heat transfer vinyl, cut easily with my cricut and had no issues getting it to adhere with just an iron.
Love the quality and design of the comforters
Easy to put together. Love it!! It looks great!!! Now my kiddos have their room separate from the living room!!
As an allergy sufferer I've tried various brands throughout the years but TRU has really impressed me with their products. The cases feel like fabric and are very comfortable and breathable. Not plasticy, crinkly and doesn't make any strange noises when you roll around. Their mattress cover is also one of the best I've used with full encasement of the entire mattress and they didn't skimp by using a cheaper material on one side like some other companies.
its great. super compact, and battery life is a fair amount of time. but the thing about it moving when its placed on a surface thats "not non-skid?" is definitely a thing with this fan
This is one of the best frame compare with its price.
Perfect, great material, even better than looks in the picture. Thanks very satisfied.
A friend told me about this little gadget, I sew a lot and make my own bias tape! Got these and OMG I love them, takes me a 1/4 of the time less making my bias tape now!
Adorable and very functional. Very well made. Heavy. This stand will not tip over from the weight of a bunch of bananas. It looks great on my counter. It makes me smile every time I look at it.
A real winner in my office. Very uplifting
Saves your fingers from tying balloons!
The shoes bags are great. I like that I can separate my shoes from the rest of my clothing.
I absolutely love these sheets! I'm going to order another couple sets! Love the price and the color selection!
It was a gift, and I was told it smelled wonderful...
Product was easy to install and performed as intended. Spent $50 and made my carpet cleaner brand new again.
I've purchased multiple different mattress covers from different stores. All of them were more expensive than this one, but this one is my favorite! My daughter sleeps with us most nights and is constantly peeing through her diaper. This mattress protector keeps my mattress completely clean and smelling fresh!
Just received, easy to set up and use.
Love the entire collection. Have purchased 4 already
Even though I've been a prime customer of Amazon for several years and purchasing hundreds of items from this company, this has been the first time I'm rating and writing a review. First, the qualify of Linen Home sheet sets is excellent - it is the right level of thickness, soft, and really 100% cotton. Moreover, the edges of the sheets and pillow covers indicated the tedious and detail-oriented work. They look very stylish. I would like to share the best customer service provided by Katherine (Linen Home - Customer Care). A week ago I ordered a king sheet set (with the color as wheat). However, it was delivered with the 'lilac' color. I liked the quality, but I preferred another color. I contacted Katherine through email and within an hour she got back to me with a positive response - to offer help. I mentioned to her about the distance from my home/work to UPS. She immediately asked me not to return the set (I was ready to print the return label from Amazon and ship it out). Katherine asked me to take a picture of the box and send it to her. She and her team realized that the lilac sheet set was wrapped in the wheat color box and stated that it's human error. She then shipped the new set with the right color (wheat) to me. Most importantly, she stated that it's her team error and asked me to keep the lilac set and need not to return. After a number of exchanged emails (that I don't feel comfortable to keep it), she insisted that I should keep it because that the way she has been taking care of her customers with high-quality products and services. Katherine has represented her company (Linen Home) extremely well as to work diligently and professionally, and resolving the issue within only a couple of days. Amazon is lucky to have such a wonderful partner! Thanks much to Katherine, Linen Home, and Amazon!
Huge. Was unsure if it would fit my tree, but glad I got it!
I love the frame. Much sturdier than I expected. I would definitely buy again and will recommend to others.
Works perfectly to attach a large propane bottle to your MR. Buddy heater
I use these trays in my humidor for my loose cigars. Large, well built and fragrant.
Very well made and looks great
I was looking for a large bag to use to transport my laundry, down two flights of stairs, to my basement laundry room. The handles and the bag itself are sturdy and well made. You can't go wrong!
I had old throw pillows that no longer looked nice or didn't match my current home theme. I covered these old pillows with these pillow covers and just like that it changed the look of the room that quickly!!!
It's very soft and I love this brand
This mat was exactly what I was looking for. Perfect length for the bathtub, very soft and durable.
Not enough paint for the whole painting
My great-granddaughter loves it!
These are amazing for any type of outdoor seating camping and, for the beach. I am going to have to buy more because 2 was not enough.
General carpet cleaning does not hug bare floors when vacuuming some debris gets kicked out and need to redo
We will never go back to the old style of shower curtain with those pesky hooks! This is super easy to put up and take down for washing. Quality is medium, but we aren't hard on our shower curtains, so this is fine for us.
I use this for waistbands for skirts or straps for bags and it has held up well so far. I'm very pleased with the purchase.
Well made, beautiful material. I recommend
These are great! Perfect oil rubbed bronze color. They are a heavy weight, feel sturdy. Easy to install. Holding our towels beautifully; towels do not slip off when towels are wet or dry. We have chrome faucets but all of our accents (e.g. tissue holder, light fixtures) in our master bath are dark so we went with these robe hooks and we love them.
Excellent for quickly soaking up spills, and saves on using paper towels too. Love these.
These are exactly what I wanted. Thanks
I liked the Roses and leaves engulfing the top of the Amethyst to the mid section. I like the fact that the chain is silver and the Amethyst is smooth and a very nice size! Happy early birthday to me! Thank you very much!!
Great quality. Very nice.
I purchased these for a set of 18" pillow cases and they fit perfectly! Great quality, nice firm pillows. They are vacuum sealed for shipping and expand very quickly upon opening.
I THINK THIS IS THE BEST COVER I HAVE BOUGHT SO FAR. THANKS
Our 20 year old cat just passed away so this is nice keepsake for my daughter
I love this pillow the comfort of being able to sit in bed while getting good support I wish it had a pillow to support the neck
I bought the curtains and the matching quilt for our bedroom! I love the pattern and the brightness of the colors. We have gray walls and teal carpet, so this set matches beautifully. The curtains are lined, so I feel they add privacy also! I was able to hang them right from the package because they were packaged so neatly! Love, love, love this set!
This mirror is true to the stated dimensions. It's a beautiful mirror with quality teak wood border. The mirror is beveled around the edges adding just a little extra style to the piece. This is a solid, real wood construction, not laminate fake wood. Beautiful. Mounting was straight forward with all hardware included and solid built-in mounting brackets.
I love these beautiful ornaments!!! So much so, I have now ordered 4 sets! They are crystal clear and reflect the light so magically. The best part is that they are shatter proof which is perfect for this family with 5 cats! They seem very durable as they are nice and thick, not flimsy at all. They also come already threaded with clear stretchy hangers so are ready to put on the tree. We used them in our rustic Christmas Tree forest theme this year and they are perfect!!!
So far so good. I like a little white noise while I sleep and this has a nice hum to it that's relaxing. Remote is a 'little' picky about the angle you aim it, but works fine otherwise. Fan was fast to put together, 15 minutes max. Happy with my purchase; would buy again to replace other fans.
Nice for filtering light in child's room. Very nice quality for the price.
I really liked how easy it was to hang it on my wall. I especially liked seeing my name on this beautiful, inexpensive clock
Please read the headline.
Nice addition to my farmhouse boho look.
Perfect..just what we needed
finger nail smaller than other shelves but it works
Ordered this just to keep around in case I need it. Lol. Everyone should. They come in handy.
Likes: Real-tine air quality report Full range rotation Air flow direction option (reverse flow not as powerful but helps reduce draft from another source such as an air conditioner/vent) The 4 piece filter Ac/dc brick on the power point (2 pin) Mobile app Dont like: Price
I made my Husband install it but thank goodness bc my son was digging in the Susan daily.
I bought this as a gift, love the fact it has a remote.
BLACKOUT! Finally curtains that are completely blackout.
This is bigger than I expected, and I am happy with that.
My first one arrived broken but one was sent out to replace it immediately. Had no issues with the second one. Happy with my purchase.
No pictures needed they are excellent and just as in pic easy to install I have a mirror that was on a dresser I converted into a coat rack with these it's amazing and was way cheaper than buying one..do not wait yes get these..good buy came on time and packed well .
Sheet set very soft and smooth, happy with them
This is great for sewing! It's the stiff horsehair braid.
It's solid and looks great. Very glad I purchased
I use essential oils and make my own soap bars for family, friends and myself. This set covers all the bases! You get to choose which base works well for which person. You can put your own spin on color and scent and use molds or set in a large loaf pan to cut into blocks. I will definitely order this set again!! It was just what I needed to make a ton of soap bars!!
Very Durable used for catering
For an old kitchen sink fit and worked great
Great packaging and product. Perfect size I was looking for! And the corks weren't stuck in there so it's easier to open and close
I bought this lid and a Hydro Flask one at the same time. The Hydro Flask lid leaks and doesn't keep the water cold. I went to the Hydro Flask website to check what they had and they had a limited number of lids for wide-mouth flasks and the reviews were awful. I have finally had to buy another of this Simple Modern lid!
Great sheets! very soft would buy again!!!
This is an economical way to purchase this product, and Scott is long lasting and practical. I used Charmin all my life until they had the ad with "sweet mother of softness" in it. As a fervent traditional Catholic I stopped using that brand since then. Charmin is softer, but Scott is the most economical and not insulting to my Faith.
I like the bags with plastic windows can look inside, and with zippers for access. The size and color is nice to fit in my closet.
Can't vouch for the durability since I only installed it a couple of weeks ago but so far so good. Very light but sturdy. I'm not putting heavy bottles on it though. Easy to put up. I followed instructions so it should stay in place.
Gift to my GF...I put it up in about 10 minutes...she filled it in 3 minutes...she liked the beige color...and it did not take a lot of room in the closet...and made me out to be a hero.
love this bedding set. it comes with all the sheets and 4 pillow cases! Very Very comphy. I will for sure order again
It fell over from my coffee table and broke Not durable
Great product great cleaner
A little flimsy. Would like the backing to be more stiff. But works ok.
The deep pockets on fitted sheets
These bags have a lot of space in them, good thing about these bags is that I can easily see what's inside then. Very reasonable price.
Cost too much but it works
Great stamps and a good price too! They work very nice and are so pretty!
I ignored the manufacturer's recommendation not to use this on painted walls and that was a mistake. It didn't stay up and took the paint with it when it fell off the wall. Very disappointing because I really liked it. Attractive, practical, and easy to install.
These are well made from quality material. I especially like the size. Fine value!
I like the colors in the wood and the size ... perfect for the guest bath! My grown children live out of state - this hangs on the wall with extra toothbrushes, toothpaste, dental floss and Q-tips. A few less things for them to pack every time they come home.
Looks great on the wall. Lightweight and durable.
I bought this 2 years ago and it still feels like new! would highly recommend!!!
Who would of that a purchase of less than $15 would of save us money on dish liquid soap. We use as much as before we use the dispenser since one pump goes a loooooong way!
Beautiful pin, lousy back. Fell off while Mom was at mass, luckily, she found it. In pursuit of a better rubber back.
This is a gift for my daughter. She said she worked very well. It's easy to handle. She wants more brains.
This is a crazy bathroom rug. Exactly what I wanted
I'm really happy with the coffee table. It was easy to assemble.
We used this to refinish all of the wood in our motorhome interior. it looks so bright and nice after one application of this product.
The wall hooks are sturdy, ans easy to install. Thay can withstand very heavy things. Worth purchase!
These are great! I've purchased two sets and it took longer locating and marking the centers of the studs than installing the racks.
I live the Quality and the speed I got my package in
I like that this item is light most of all. My dad will love it and it's sturdiness. I got as a gift for underwear n socks and will be perfect for such item.
Cute and the perfect size! I bought the smaller one and it holds everything one person uses. It's a lot cuter in person than in the pic, like a shabby chic or cottage chic look.
So far I love it. Easily set up. Nice and full when you open up the branches. Fits nicely in the box for storage after Christmas.
Great steamer for traveling
Was exactly as described- small and very easy to use. Exactly what I need for my international trip.
i got this trump toilet brush from my friend as homecoming gift, not bad.
I must say I absolutely love this oil diffuser, it is perfect in size for a small room don't take up too much space. This diffuser you can control by a touch button on the front of diffuser, but also can control by a app that gives you alot more control as far as changing color setting mist level timer and alot more. I definitely recommend this it's great!!
Fast delivery, perfect fit. Guess I have to start vacuuming again.
As advertised, this a great table. I wish I had purchased a long time ago It fits perfectly on my recliner . I would highly recommend it.
Excellent product. Arrived in a timely way.
This vacuum is perfect for my daily house cleaning and its very strong ,really a surprisingly powerful small hand vac. The size was great and the attachments were awesome.It is perfect for the car and i also used it in my house like inside the couches and areas were bigger vacuums cant get into as easily. Good value and good design.
Perfect for what I needed it for , a bit pricey but love them
The pillow is just as described. My wife uses it to sleep.
Perfect size for my project. They do sort of squeeze shot a bit on the sides but if you fill them evenly they hold their shape.
I read the reviews, but honestly didn't believe all the gush. Ordered 2 on a special sale by Amazon. Set the first up, let charge and then sent it off. Cleans like a maniac. Great suction, gets dirt off a freshly vacuumed carpet. Easy to clean. Much quieter than I expected. Covers a large area. Overall, extremely more happy than I expected. Even my wife, who had to have a Roomba, is extremely pleased with the Eufy. Would highly recommend and would buy again.
My Daughter spilt cereal in my car. After soaking, scrubbing, and applying enzyme cleaner, the smell was still there. Just one of these and my car smells crispy clean.
It is beautiful. The perfect weight. Both sides are beautiful! It is a little short I would buy it again.
I really like it so far. I got it to warm my bed after I got home in the evenings and it does a great job.
Very pleased with the quality of these linen sheets.
We needed a new vacuum to replace our older Shark. We were happy with the product so we stayed with them. This new one far exceeds our expectations. It's a bit heavier but it's easy to handle, very well built, has a great sleek design. and the suction is strong! It really does a great overall job on floors, rugs, carpet and upholstery. We're very happy with our purchase??
My six year old daughter loves dinosaurs and will now stay in her own bed to watch the nightlight. I am thankful that the light is not too bright and will not strain her eyes. It is lightweight and does not get hot, which gives me the confidence to leave it on all night in her room.
Very thin and Fragile
Easily installed and very accurate time-keeping.
Very easy to affix to door
Bought for my bouquets for my wedding. They are pretty and did the trick. Once you stick the pin in the ribbon/stems of flowers in your bouquet, you can't really pull it out, as the gold bead top will pull off too, FYI.
Impermeable plastic. Integrated handle. Prevents water, fluids, or fine particulate matter from falling all the way through the space where it is placed, provided that the orientation of the bucket is correct (opening should point away from local center of gravity). Not sure what else I can say.
Very well made. Large enough that I could put more than 1 wreath in it . Was very pleased with this product!
I used to search socks every corners of my room for college. This is lot helpful. It has lots of separation like boxes where you can keep more than 20 pair of socks or others.
very quickly delivered. This is my salvation. Very convenient to iron husband jackets. Copes with curtains. Not heavy, you can work for a long time, your hand will not hurt.
wonder thick soft absorbent towles in every size would recomend
Beautiful, fits perfectly, great quality!
Great product., delivered in good time and condition. Just what I wanted.
Great rug, very plush and doesn't move or shift around.
Poster office is the best place for high quality posters. I will be a returning customer.
This is a type of necklace holder that I have ordered before and found perfect for necklaces. It keeps them from getting tangled and I can see them to pick which one I want.
Bought as an engagement gift. A little cheaply made, but it's just an ornament. Easily customizable with a name/date along the bottom.
Love this product. These were exactly as expected. Pretty colors, really nice looking.
This alarm clock has helped me to wake up earlier than with my previous alarm clock. I like the ring light around it. The alarm noise is very soothing as well, not too annoying but enough to wake me up. I'm glad I bought this!
Just what I ordered..........................................
Just as listed. very nice pillow covers
So pretty and what a great value! Cheaper than Wal-Mart!
Great products. This is wall-mounted, easy to install on the wall, and satisfied with the product. It can be used in bathroom or kitchen. The important thing is that it doesn't drip. This product is very beautiful, you must buy it!
They are plush and wash and dry perfectly. No complaints here!!
Nice product, It does what it is suppose to do.
I had reported a problem, but could solve it myself
Have never been cutting glass before. Learned from YouTube. The pliers works very well. Thanks!
very detailed, soft and great color
Finally the bowl is off the counter. This caddy holds more, is easy to use and clean. In the first photo you can see how low my sink is, so to clear it the caddy is mounted below the thick part of the frame on the cabinet. Since it needed to be mounted to the thin panel in the center I used velcro. It works great and won't leave any holes in the cabinet. This is a really great product. My only wish would be to have a side handle or grip like a pitcher on the bucket itself so I could open my compost bin lid with one hand and dump the caddy with the other. This caddy takes two hands to dump.
Great beach towels. I even use them at the gym. So good that I bought 3 packs.
So soft, so comfortable and excellent quality. The best winter sheet for sure.
I use this to keep me cool.
These are great! Addition to the Wooden sign.
This heater works great! Very pleased with it. :)
Highly recommend this item. Wish I had bought it earlier.
Nice picture for the bathroom
WAS PERFECT FOR BIRTHDAY GIFTS
I bought this as a gift for my friend who loves the stars. I wasn't sure if the glowing feature would actually work, but it does! My friend says that the blanket glows pretty brightly as well (after you charge it by sunlight, of course). It is so soft and I would highly recommend this blanket.
Beautiful flowers, large and good value for the $
I have used similar steamers before this purchase but they eventually turned black. I am very impressed with the fact that this steamer is 100% stainless and has a hook for easy removal. It arrived in a professional-looking box with very helpful information on it. I haven't yet used it, as it arrived today, but so far am pretty confident it will be great!
Great product at a great price
I cannot express how happy I am with this purchase. So incredibly soft. The duvet cover has little ties in the four corners, a zipper to keep the duvet clean and secure and came with two beautiful pillow cases that for standard pillows (I have a queen bed). I actually wound up buying this set in black as well because I loved it so much. You can't go wrong. Truly.
Works great. Accurate description. No issues.
Beautiful! Daughters loves it
I like the paper but it has a permanent curve. It of course is fine when framed. It however beaks from tape as you're working and this is a frustrating break in concentration
Packaged neatly. Great quality for multiple uses & nice handles. Lots of product for the cost. Would recommend & buy again
This is the second time I've purchased this product. I throw them in the bottom of our diaper pail and they really work! I can tell immediately when they've hit their expiration. The first bag I bought lasted about a year, so I'm hoping our little one will be out of diapers by the time this bag is gone.
beautiful print of one of my most favorite paintings
Nice strong smell of the candle
My wife LOVES this candles scent and I have been buying them for her for years.
As a teacher, I love these boxes for my reading and math learning centers. I can make different skills in different colors. Hand out boxes and have them work I individually while I conduct guided reading groups. They store nicely in the cabinet. Will be ordering more
Though it doesn't have the cast and crew list, it is still a fine poster.
Perfect for what I needed them for.
I ordered your boot trees from Amazon and I absolutely love them! They make my boots and closet look very cheery. Thanks for these!
Arrive quickly. Step by step instructions that were easy to follow. Read instructions all the way through before starting! The end result was beautiful!
bought 2 of these to fit my euro pillows on my bed. I could not be happier with this purchase. The color go well with my color scheme of navy, mustard and grey. and they are made out of nice sturdy material.
fits great about beer bottle
I need 5 more stocking this year and these fit in perfectly with my decor
These are GREAT! Doubled the room in my daughter's room in our apartment. Easy to put up and sturdy.
but these lights are so amazing that I had to
The softest material, and most beautiful resolution from any tapestry I have ever bought at this price tier.
I absolutely love this wreath. It is beautiful! When it arrived I immediately noticed the packaging. The wreath comes in a pretty storage box. Once I opened the box I fell in love with the details of the wreath. It is beautiful.
Easy to assemble and great for separating clothes
The beautiful tin design is very perfect for gifts. The smells are written on her back, so you should flip the tin to discover what the lighting will be. The smells are very strong - I left the candles without cans and the entire kitchen began to smell gently [even before I lit them]. The small tin size makes these candles a nice addition to any decor. Definitely recommend!
SERVICE IS IMPORTANT
vibrant colors fluffy and very durable
This is so handy to have. It works great. I am going to use for camping as a backup just in case our matches get wet. It is so convenient to be able to charge using my samsung galaxy charger, too.
This was a gift for a wedding that has a Bedford falls theme...it was perfect!
These candles are so cute and a perfect little size. They smell really good, but very subtle at the same time. The tins are just adorable. Really happy with the overall.
Looks great and made of nice thick material. Not flimsy at all. Love them
Your letters are real soft. Not stiff.
Beautiful high quality stockings. They are on the small to medium side. I love the colors and the intricate knitting. They are great for decor or for us for gifts. I plan to personalize mine. Very pleased!
love this soap dispenser, It works pretty well sitting in the kitchen counter. We Always wanted one of those so it's easy and convenient. Now looks working good!I had no issues at all in setting this up, installing the batteries or anything.Its a very good product!
Great to use at home as well as when traveling to protect the delicates. Made well to provide many washings
Excellent looking pieces, crafted very well.
Heats up quickly. I got it as a gift for my girlfriend, and she uses it all the time!
I've tried several touchless cans over the years, and this is by far the best. It stays very clean, though it is hard to reach down to the bottom of the can to clean that if you've had a spill or leak (it's quite tall and narrow, my arms are just too short to get down there). The motion sensor is excellent (maybe even a tad over sensitive - it frequently triggers when I'm just walking past), and I love how it senses that your hands are still there and reopens. The batteries last a really long time, over a year. It does a great job of keeping smells in, and they don't linger after the bag is removed at all.
Great stocking hanger.Works perfit on a wide mantle
I love it the numbers are a good size to see across the hall .
Very good product!!!
Wonderful product and I will be ordering more,leaves my granite beautiful and shiny, just like I got the granite installed today,I just love this product so much. Thank you AB
We are finishing up our second box of 50, and really like these bags. They are intended for compostable kitchen waste and have served that purpose quite well for us. We have also used them for normal household waste and sent them off with the trash collectors. At lease we are not contributing a non-biodegradable bag along with the rest of the trash.
Fun tassels and great quality
Love these little scent snail. I have one in every room
Sturdy, well made and easy to assemble.
This is a really excellent pillow. I was having bad sleeping problems since my pillows were so old and couldn't fall asleep. This pillow is pretty much perfect for me. The only thing is when I sleep on my stomach I would like it a little less fluffy but I'm still wearing it in so I think it will end up perfect. I sleep on my back, side, and stomach so I guess I have to be a little more picky. Overall I'm really satisfied and this helps me to fall right asleep and stay asleep. It's also nice and cool enough for me. Great purchase and way better than my old pillows.
A very nice design. Makes my bathroom seem bigger.
Great feeling Bath mat. Good Quality. Only wish they made a larger size. would order several more.
Beautiful frames and great quotes. My refrigerator looks excellent. Lots of compliments. I have always used it as a photo gallery but now it looks very organized and neat.
Perfect transaction. Graphite paper did what it was supposed to, worked fined.
I really like the quality of this shower curtain. It is thick and looks really good in the bathroom.
Paint is easy to dry and can be washed off with water or wet paper towels.
These earrings are SO cute! They look just as they do in the picture and I love wearing them. They seem to be of good quality so far. Cannot beat the price
Fit my needs perfectly
This is my second purchase of this brush. The first one serviced me well for a couple years of daily use but finally needed to be replaced. I expect to get years more out of this one.
Very helpful organizer. Super easy setup.
Arrived quickly! I highly recommend this product and I will be a returning customer for this product.
I've had these filters since I bought the machine, about 5 years ago. If you use them as they recommend, you're saving the planet from another over-use of plastics. I have had no problems with the seller and do not plan to have any, from this day forward.
I love how heavy this pillow is. It took me forever to find a pillow like this for a good price. I would seriously take this pillow on vacation with me. It's as soft as it needs to be but ur head doesn't cave down to the mattress. It's thick and heavy but not bulky. As soon as u open it throw it in the dryer for 10 mins. It comes flat as heck but the dryer brings the life right into it. Comes out a completely different pillow.
for how much I paid for and how much it has helped with getting rid of odors
This is smaller than I expected but I still love it!!! It's well made with nice detail . The best part it the cool coin you get with it.
Awesome heavy duty fabric. Beautiful gold that was an awesome backdrop for my event. Looks amazing and not the cheap stuff. Great price
Love these slippers! Comfortable and practical. I use them to quickly wipe up water from the dog bowl. No more wet floors.
These frames are an excellent value for showcasing photos on the refrigerator, file cabinets, any metal surface. They protect the pics in plastic vs. just hanging them with smaller magnets.
Pillow just as described and works great!
They work, simple to screw into anywhere. One hook has held my plant for over a week no problem. It seemed a little unsteady when I first hooked the plant on but to my surprise it held.
Perfect for a living room shelf. Well built and looks great.
So easy to put on the wall and a great addition to my first grade classroom!
I used this item for what it was intended to be used for. I am painting my living room and dining room and hanging blinds up when the paint I dried. it looks fantastic. Thank you.
Great product it worked and fit well
Thought it was just hype but this blanket is sooooo soft and lowkey big. Not just a kids blanket!
I like that this can be used for silverware, cutlery or even a junk drawer
amazed at how whisper quiet it is. good quality
The steam cleaner is very easy to use. Fill up the water and use long time. The steam is very hot , need to be careful. Good to use for clean bathroom and my car. The package come with different cleaner tool also very helpful.
Love it so much it's nice and soft and silky. It's cool to the touch. Really worth the money. If you get hot at night and feel sticky with regular cotton pillowcases this one is worth the money and I highly recommend.
great price, great product, we have been using them often
Next time I will read the full description! Only pillow cases not pillows but these are fluffy when you stuff them!
This curtain adds so much definition to my kitchen. I absolutely love it. I love the feel, the design and how it lights up my kitchen. The curtains are the first thing you see when you walk into my kitchen, because they are designed so beautifully and the color stands out. I bought 2 sets because I have a large kitchen window, and I must say that I'm happy with my purchase and I would recommend it to anyone needing the same.
This item makes a lovely addition to our guest bed. Well made, extremely comfortable, and well-fitted!
love the colors and the wool.
My daughter loves this
Light weight and very durable my daughter loved this hamper. She's a huge fan of unicorns and dabbing so I knew this was a win. Holds a good amount of laundry and I could probably wash it if needed.
Was planning to buy an iron. But it's too big to storage. Bought this steamer after my friend recommends me to. Easy to use. Small enough to save space. Works perfect. Very suitable for occasional use for my husband's shirts and some of my dresses.
Great product and great price!
To circulate the heat generated by the pellet stove. It is definitely living up to its claim. Very happy with product... will highly recommend it.
A huge upgrade from my old air purifier. This one is quiet, and it's small size makes it convenient to place. I'm thinking about getting a couple more for my other rooms, and I would definitely recommend this model to anyone looking for a new purifier.
Very Sturdy. Perfect for spare bathroom
Functionality and easy to work
Surprised by the quality and sturdiness of the organizer, I would order it again!
I love it. The floor was clean. The water stayed cleaned and when I wanted it, the mop was dry. It is very sturdy! I like how it rings out the water. It was just fun using it. I did a lot of research before making this purchase. My goal was to purchase a sturdy mop. The stainless steal spinner and the design, makes this a wise purchase.
I love these cotton balls. The colors are vibrant and hold up well to washing. Easy to work with. Well worth the money
Very nice quality and value! I am using them under some photos I wanted to display. Thank you!
I like this product very much. They are very well made. I will use them for pants.
The scent is long lasting and so fragrant.
This diaper bag is great for my walks to the park with my kids. I wanted one to wear on my back instead of my shoulder. This way I can always have diapers and snacks on hand while we go for a walk. It is made out of good quality fabric and I feel like it will hold up well.
These shams are so soft and the royal blue is exactly as pictured. After washing, they're definitely wrinkle free and remain soft. They really add dimension to my bedroom. The pillow shams just make everything pop! You will be very happy with this product.
Beautiful looking pillow, very comfortable, holds its shape, only draw back is I've noted the black is beginning to fade.
Love this blanket!! It is so soft and the perfect weight. We use it all the time.
Awesome sheets! I have been experimenting with different ones and these are amazing. They are really soft and they don't stretch out after sleeping on them. Highly recommend!
Holds a lot. Great for office.
Works exactly as described, no problems using with our Jade 35 sewing Machine
Excellent product. Fit my needs perfectly and I ordered another set of 12.
I do love memory foam pillow so I decided to buy this, This one has such a great quality pillow. It is very comfortable to use and very soft. At first, when you open it it so thin but then after several days it started to grow big. I do love this because I noticed after using it I don't experience neck pain and I sleep soundly at night. My kids love it as well just the right hight for them not so high plus it is affordable.
Better than expected.
These pillow shams are beautiful!
Arrived fast and was inexpensive.
All works and fits as hoped.
This was exactly what my daughter wanted and it looks fantastic in her room. The product is of high quality!
exactly what I wanted
This is such a nice and vibrant color paper pad, Great for projects for boys.
Perfect for my 8 year old grand daughter who just got her ears pierced.
Adorable very well made kitty! Precious face!
Had this for two seasons now and have no complaints.
Its nice! The battery life is great and it does what it claimed to do. It works well battery power or plugged in. Light is very bright for what it's for.
Super soft, comfortable and cozy. I like grey color as it matches my sheets.
probably will never have other type of pillow , best and only pillow I will use , it's firm and it's perfect support my neck and my head all night , will buy more in the future.
It is a very solid sewing machine and is a great sewing machine for beginners.
Fits perfect and works great!
Holds up well-perfect for small amounts of drying space
So far, so good. Occasionally the fan will increase speed significantly for no apparent reason, but aside from that I've had no issues. It seems that people complain about the process of installing the drain tube. If I have trouble with that when I get to it I will update the review.
Very pretty set! My daughters bed is a queen, had to tuck the extra overhang of the fitted sheet...which is much better than being tight. The material feels very soft and comfortable. We'll see how it holds up to many washes, but at first glimpse it is great quality.
Love that this is cotton and thick. Doesn't get hot in it or cold. My son finds it very comfortable. Great quality.
Beautiful, my wife loved it
This is the best sage for smudging, it's so fragrant and burns well. I also love the palo santo from this brand. The sustainability element and the fact that they plant trees when you buy a product is an added bonus! Highly recommend.
Bought these to store our comic books and they're perfect. Also look clean on our shelves.
Great weight and overall great product!
As pictured they are great for die cuts and u can easily remove the paper from it and they work on any die cut machine. They came in on time and great quality
Originally, I was going to use it as an apron, but drape it over my pc tower and modem.Every thing works fine and me and my cats are protected
I really never saw the towels. I ordered them for a women's shelter.
I would love more of these!! 🤩
It's such a cute little tree. I have an 18-month boy who tries to test everything so can't really go for actual Christmas tree this time. I love this tiny version. It sits in a burlap bag which really makes it even cuter. I am planning to put lights and some small balls on the tree. It is quite festive and just right for us :)
Did the job...would def. recommend
I received my order and was very pleased with the lobster clasps I received.
This was perfect for an Oscars theme party! Good size and easy to use. I used this for rolled sugar cookies and it was tall enough to even use to cut out thick brownies.
I love the way it works. It fits on many size drains.
My house is a little bit. Using the heat for the whole house would cost too much. I have a personal heater in my room so I need a Humidifier. This is really the best one so far. I have 1 in each room but different one. This one is really unique. Why? 1. it is really big enough to fill the tank to use for 3-4 days. 2. I can set up for a few hours then turn off to save energy 3. This one the only who that I can control with the remote control. I love that part. Really good products and highly recommend to purchase. I am pretty pleasure with it.
I have always like Memory foam because even when is soft, its still firm. My mattress is memory foam, so I wanted to get pillows that matched my king size mattress. This was a good option because the pillow is long. It does come packaged in a roll and after you open it, it starts expanding. I have been using it for a few days now and I like it.
These make a very easy winter or Christmas decoration. The go up in minutes. Really easy. Some fall off occasionally but its simple to put them back on.
It is small enough for any size tree, yet substantial enough and packaged in a pretty box- great keepsake!
I use this product in my bedroom which is facing south with too much sunlight. This curtain works well blocking the sunlight. And the price is good.
I love these lingerie bags. I actually put most of my clothes in different bags to sort them and keep the delicates protected from zippers or anything else that could harm them. The bags are well-made and very useful. I love them and use them all the time.
Gorgeous. Wow. Perfect. Huge and great quality
They were as expected
The item came and was as described my wife loves it which means I love it
they are just the right weight- we live in Southern California, and they are perfect for our winters
I have to give 5 stars. The decorations are beautiful!! And I had some damage to the item with the shipping and they replaced the item immediately. I will give you more business based on those 2 factors alone. The fact that I got lots of compliments on them was a huge plus!
The only thing I'd mention is that a couple of the dots on the dice were a little off. But this was my gift for our Bunco ornament exchange, so I scraped off the black where it missed the indentation, and "re-dotted" it with a Sharpie!! This gift was such a hit, that it was stolen in the game - and everyone asked where I'd gotten it! Great bunco gift!!
So unbelievably soft!
I bought this small dehumidifier for my master bathroom. Its small footprint allows it to be installed near my jacuzzi. Just hook up the drain hose and it's good to go. Low power usage and quiet. Intelligent humidity control works great! It takes about 5 minutes to get humidity level down to 60% from 75%. It then maintains the humidity level within 2% RH of your designated setting. The unit can be shut off with a timer at 1 hour increment up to a maximum of 24 hours.
My sis and I teach seniors citizens all sorts of crafts in the senior apartments that she lives in. It's always fun and these will be glued onto all sorts of things!
I love this Soap Dispenser alot because it is made of stainless steel and it can dispense the soap automatically.
A gift for my granddaughter and because she loves it I am happy I gave it. The colors are vivid and the material so soft. She has very long hair so it has been a bonus to keep her hair in place.
Beautiful Just the color I was looking for.
Need to air it out for couple of days but other than that, I'm in love! I use it every night while I browse online in bed.
I bought two of these last year so that Santa could leave a sack of gifts on Grandma's porch on Christmas Eve and loved them. I needed another one this year and it is just as well made. Pros: They are the perfect size, they hold a lot but you don't need to buy the toy store to fill them. They are sturdy enough they can be carried by the ties. They come in a variety of prints. Cons: none noted so far As an online shopper I rely heavily on reviews left by others when trying to decide what to buy so I try to leave useful reviews for those products that I feel strongly about. Please let me know if you find my review helpful. Thanks so much
I love, love, love this pillow case. I have had it for a few months now and it has held up beautifully. I bought a silk pillow with the intention of the promised improvement to my skin and hair. Though, it hasn't been a miracle cure for hair breakage, I have noticed an improvement in my skin and hair. It also features a zipper closure, which keeps the pillow case from slipping off. The only set back is that you have to take special care when washing, but it is definitely worth it. I also get extremely hot when I sleep and this pillow case has made sleeping much cooler.
Coffee comes through crystal clear---a pleasure to drink! Great filter!!
Great product got it just in time !
Love these new oven mitts! Previously I had the all quilted fabric ones. Because they absorbed spills and food odors, my new dog would steal them off the counter and chew them up if I turned my back on them for a moment. These new mits are flexible, fit my hubby's large hands as well as my smaller ones comfortably. There are the perfect length to keep me for getting burned if I have to grab a pan that has slid to the back of my oven. I am very please with them.
Came quickly and are working great! I thought I would have to trim them to fit in my fridges crisper drawers, but they fit with no trimming.
This heater is great. Fits right in the cup holder and stays on even when its bumpy. Highly recommended.
This is so beautiful! It's not really big but it's not small either. I had to punch out a piece of plastic in the star but it took 2 seconds. They really made this super beautiful. I just wish I could get a 2 foot one! :)
Perfect for the space I needed
Perfect for markers on the fridge or the shower
Great for glow in the dark party. The tape glows amazingly. Definitely recommend it.
It does just what it is supposed to do. Helped me consolidate & organize my pantry.
Had a small one of these but couldn't find it so order the pair. These work very well for me. The velour is on the front and back so I can go in either direction as needed.
This shoe organizer is working very well for me. I had to take the wheels off to make it fit behind the door, but I can't even fathom anything else working better. Plus it's sturdy and it's the perfect tool to help me get rid of shoes I don't need because now I can see them all in one place!
Just started using these and already notice a difference. I like the way they look and they are quite durable and easy to hand or tuck away somewhere.
High quality foam. I tried it on several different sized cups. Posted a pic of one holding a 30 oz nice and straight no wiggle. They are about 6 inches long and 4 inches wide. Squeeze them into your cup and put it on the turner. If you hate them, return them.
Bought this to use on our guest bed. I like that it encases the whole mattress but had to have hubby help me put it on. I like that it is waterproof and bug proof as well.
Pocket is quite handy, love the color and the length is perfect!
This is a repeat order. They're strong, feel like linen, and a sanitary alternative to using terrycloth.
Actually both work great ! Make sure you hang the toothbrush holder high enough so you can still put something on the counter top without interfering.
Good product at a very good price
Good quality material, Fast shipping, Perfect!!
Product was exactly what I wanted!
This Was a second order for me. Last time I bought them was about 3 years ago. They work great & I don't have to deal with baking soda. Works way better than baking soda.
This is a high quality product! It blends beautifully. Nice size frame not too small. My daughter loves it!! The colors are terrific and don't get muddled! I definitely recommend this item and the seller!!
Convenient and easy to use product! Works very well!
Good quality and price
What the title says. Makes rooms completely dark, but they aren't too heavy.
1500W gives a good amount of heat for thick clothes
The box is simple and easy to put together. We changed the ribbon to match the wedding colors but it could be used for any event where there is gift/card giving. Very nice!
I fear that my wife will learn how much fun it is to use this versatile vacuum cleaner. Then I may never get another opportunity to vacuum our house.
Sturdy, well made and currently hanging out in my closet.
I have a large window in my living room and I live on a busy street so i like to keep it covered with a tapestry. For the holidays this year I replaced it with this and put my christmas tree in front of it. It makes the perfect back drop to the tree and really adds holiday cheer to my tiny living room. Love it! I couldn't find anything else like it.
This is just the perfect size to slip in beside your toilet, just anywhere where you need to dump things. Looks great. I doubt Paris Hilton will be ordering one of these, but it is nice looking. I'm seriously going to have to order another for the other bathroom now and for beside my desk. With the liners this was a great price. Holds plenty and hides it away till you dispose of the bag. Looks good, works well and is so handy as it fits anywhere, yet isn't really tiny, is large enough to last a week or more in my bathroom.
Very soft and comfortable! I wish it was slightly longer in the front but that has to do with my proportions, the arms are slightly too long but I like that it has sleeves for easy bunching so the arms don't just dangle!
These look great on my French door. I'm really pleased that they are opaque enough to provide privacy but still let light through. I recommend these if you're looking for curtains that are not see through.
Best file cabinets I have ever bought!!! They open fully to reach even the very last file easily. Very sturdy!
Excellent quality paper towels at a reasonable price.
We have been very happy with the comfort and quality of the pillow protectors and will definately keep this company in mind for any future needs. The protectors were ordered for our new My Pillows and fit perfectly!
I used it to heat my room and my daughter swiped it from me. Works very good.
This felting wool fibre is good for occupational therapy. I help my sister buy this, who is an occupational therapist. She said the product is good quality and very appropriate for patients who need occupational therapy.
Item as described. Seem sturdy and are easy to use.
I loved mine, so I bought one for my daughter, she FaceTime me with on her shoulders, hanging down (king size) like a Cape. She loves it. Thanks for a great product.
Good Sturdy molds, although some were rather small. Can't wait to use them,
This is a great thread that doesn't unravel or fray like some cheaper threads. This has quickly become my go-to choice when sewing. It comes off the cone smoothly without any snags. I highly recommend using Sgt. Knots for all your threads.
Dryer works great for my work boots.
I bought this for my niece for Christmas and she loved it! I loved it so much I'm going to buy one for myself too!
My wife and kids we use it all the time.
Love it. It reminds me of me with my husband
Went on easily and looks beautiful
Love this set, but the only issue was the thermos is shown with a spout to drink from, but that is not how it came, you have to unscrew the top and pour out the liquid.
LOVE this pillow! I got it for my office and everyone compliments it then plays with it when they come in. Love it. It is super cute and well made.
We love these sheets! They are the softest sheets we have ever had and so reasonably priced! I have only washed then twice but so far so good. Highly recommend!
Omgosh! These covers are well worth the price! Beautifully made! The colors are very vibrant!
Well built and very effective
Currently switching all my kids hangers over to these they are great! Nice and thin and the rubber helps clothes stay on. I personally don't prefer the velvet so these are my new favorite. I've purchased 8 sets now.
My Order came right away, accurately, and were very friendly to order through. Highly recommend.
It was exactly what we needed. I looked everywhere and could only find the shorter shower liners. This one was perfectly long enough for our shower which has the rod higher up than normal.
This is beautiful!! So happy I purchased it. It's perfect for hot summer nights and the colors are very vibrant. So happy I took a chance on this!!
These work well. Good value. I'd buy them again.
It's easy to stick. I'm very satisfied with the effect. The color is rich and full.
This pillow has air layer fabric cover , is soft and comfortable for skin. Has zipper To take the cover and to wash it
Can use stand or hang it from stand. I use a power pack to run, doesn't last very long. Understandable due to the motor.
This product was very strong. I even used it to to stick a few stuff to the walls and it lasted for about here days. I I'll def purchase again if I ever run out.
Bought it to replace my old plastic shower curtain. I'm very happy about this one. I like its softness and the color. Works great so far.
Nice body pillow!! Good for snuggling up against when your SO is the temperature of the sun!
Perfect for what I wanted!
just what the little lady wanted
Serves the purpose...They are pretty good...
We have a table on the side of our fridge that has the coffee maker, toaster, and all that goes with them (sugar, creamer, butter dish, etc.). Having the paper towels so handy makes for quick clean up!
This is a quick clean up vacuum cleaner. It would pick up everything on the floor. Easy to clean, no cord and lightweight. This vacuum saves my to sweep the wood floor. I dont have any pets at home. That is good for me. And my kids would like to help me to clean up with this vacuum cleaner
So much sturdier than I expected and super comfy. They pick up some lint here and there but other than that these are awesome!
Clean nice fast shipping
I had a larger one of these and wanted this smaller one for travel... I love it. I can't answer for durability, as that implies long lasting... and I'd have to wait until I have had it "long" to see if it lasts... LOL . But I love it otherwise!
I love these things . Where were you all my life ? Im a fat dude and cleaning can be torture. Bending , walking , etc. This thing has saved my life . Litterally. Now i have a clean house.
It is small size and very convenient. Worked well.
It is a bit difficult to get the different pieces apart but cleans well
Beautiful! Perfect size for what I needed. Arrived quickly.
I used it to string drawstring bags to send to Rwanda. It is strong and liable and doesn't fray.
I bought this for a gift for my girlfriend, high quality feeling frame. Works great
If you like dabbing and you like not having to worry about breaking glass then this the item for you it hits great and fits everything it's awesome I can switch inbetween bongs
Too many good things to say...excellent product.....priced right....fast delivery helps make a satisfied customer. Here's what it looks like with a Happy almost four year old in the Rainbow Snuggie Tail.
These sponges are hard to find. Their secret is they don't smell. I don't use any other sponges!
Curtains beautiful love them !! Hang and look great .
I would have paid more than the $8.
Exactly what I was looking for. Very sturdy! Great Price too...
The duvet set is touched soft and comfortable. I like the light grey color, it looks clean and elegant. It's suitable for my blanket and pillows. The price of the duvet set is lower than the supermarket with the coupon. I recommend this product because of its high quality and low price.
So happy with this small Christmas tree light , it just made the spot I put it on more beautiful , very pretty and glad I purchase it , and I get so many compliments about it .
Looks cute and works great.
I had a doubt that the coaster may be slightly heavy as it's ceramic but it's super light and doesn't feel delicate at all. I love it.
Love the product... Looks great, works perfectly and is well priced!
I love it! It is comfortable,soft and supportive. Awesome pillow to use. Thank you
I like every detail of the laundry bag. It's exquisite. It doesn't take any place in any corner. It's beautiful. There are 4 small wheels. I let my children push themselves to do the laundry. After that, the children are also very diligent in washing their own clothes. It's so happy
I LOVE LOVE LOVE these molds! They are very user friendly and super easy to clean! I bought them to make lotion bars and they were an absolutely perfect size! I have used them for several projects with my 6 and 8 year old daughters and they were a great success! The kids really enjoy popping the molds out!
Clean design. Low noise. Performs as expected. Love the night light
i use these for my kitchen windows but they really do block out the light so I keep them open to let the sun in.
To keep on hand , I use a lot of spay cans in my shop. Just nice to have.
It could not have come out any better! It was exactly what I wanted. I got this for my husbands men in black costume and he was sure getting some attention. I got the white one which glows very well in the dark. If I could give more than 5 stars I would!
The quality as well as the value for the money makes this duvet cover a great find. I also like that it has a zipper rather than buttons. There were some comments on previous reviews that made me think the texture would be on the rough side but I think it's just fine.
Puts me to sleep in no time every night
Very thin and do not hav choices of colors.
This coin looks exactly like the photo. It is a reproduction, but I bought it to see and feel what a coin like this would feel like, and I am happy with it for what it is.
I use the bucket for watercoloring. It's a bit large but if you've got the space it's worth getting!
I recently (as in days ago) turned 30 and it literally hit me like a ton of bricks. I had been having neck pain so bad, it was going down my shoulder and arm. Sleeping was impossible for a week. I don't typically buy pillows over $10 but have never had a problem like this before! Looking up pillows on Amazon I an across this one and it looked decent and had some great reviews so I figured screw it, I'll get one. OH MAN! one night of sleeping on it and I had to write this review. Totally life changing. After so many sleepless nights, I finally slept like a baby. Might I add I slept like a baby while sharing a bed with 3 dogs, a cat and my husband. That right there should tell you this is good stuff. Anyway, my life is now changed forever for the better and I just ordered a second one for the hubs. I thought the pillow would be firmer but its much mushier than I expected. That's not an issues obviously, I was just surprised. No weird smell either like I saw some others comment with other pillows. So anyway buy this and give your poor body a great gift.
My kids love them! They can peel them and move them to a new location whenever they want to.
Material is nice and easy to work with
Easy to assemble, looks cute, holds a bunch of stuff I want on hand but in its own place. Wouldn't say yet how impressive it is durability wise just yet.
It was for my wife she found it really useful for traveling
My daughter ordered this for her dorm room and it is perfect! The color and fabric are quality.
I really liked this pillow. It compacts really small and the support is great. I have not used it that much, so I will have to try it further to comment about durability. But so far it has worked great, so much so, that I bought a second one.
Very large, but looked everywhere for this exact color. I have not yet laundered, but seem they really will be wrinkle free
Bought fir the cats - they love it. Good door mat in general, too.
Surpassed my expectations and has actually helped me keep up with the dog hair! I'm also impressed with the battery life.
You FOUND THEM! I have been trying for years to get that perfect "hotel" feeling sheet set. I've always like the crisp, thick sheets but simply could never find EXACTLY the right feel. I figured hotels used industrial starch etc, and who has time for that? These sheets are perfect! Feels like vacation sleep :) The extra large top sheet is a huge plus as well! So entirely happy with this purchase!
Nice zippers and the fabric has a nice feel. Fit was good. Have not washed them yet. As our other pillows need new covers I will reorder these
These sheets are great. I have learned not to shop by thread count alone. Sometimes you can have a high thread count and the sheets still feel flimsy. I actually checked the shipping weight and noticed they were heavier than other sheet sets. They are thick and very nice. I just purchased them but I know they will last a long time.
I am big on colors, and this bedspread exceeded my expectations. It has many rich, complementary shades of rose and magenta, greens, and blues. Also a nice medium weight -- enough for cooler summer nights and also for fall when you need more than a light blanket. Size is perfect for our queen bed. Very pleased.
perfect fit and happy I found them on Amazon
Perfect for any size shoes. My 6yr old is ecstatic about hers.. durable and well worth the money
The pillows are a slightly different shade of grey, but absolutely love the duvet cover.
Best thing I ever bought! Works great with android!
Halloween super cute pumpkin lights! My daughter likes them and they add a perfect Halloween atmosphere to her room.
Excellent quality, attractive, sturdy, priced affordably!
This humidifier is super easy to clean and fill. The water in the tank last a long time too. Very happy with my purchase.
Still currently using this one (7 months pregnant), it's awesome although it does not leave much room for the hubby hehe! The blue cover does come off and is washable. I dyed my hair red (permanent color) and it stained the pillow, I washed it and it came right back off! Nope, it was not the laundry detergent, cause the one I used was quite cheap lol.
Awesome collar very well made looks bad ass and I didn't think you could get a product that is made so well if your thinking about it then buy it will last a long time!!
Great quality and value!
Just what I was looking for. Perfect size for small area. Great addition. Great wood look. Writing is clear. Great price. Quick shipping.
I LOVE THESE HANGER CLIPS. HAPPY I WAS ABLE TO FIND THEM
Great little addition to my NBC collection. Lovely detail. Just had to add little Zero to my collection.
Just as described! Works well with as dip ink and with paint brushes!
economical and nice to have a supply for more efficient sewing
Exactly as described and received in 2 days.
I love my Janome!! Item was as described and shipped in a timely manner.
Design. It is quiet
This is the first time I bought a down pillow and I bought the best and most comfortable one.
Initially I only ordered one of these sheets, but was so impressed with them I ordered 2 more and will be order more soon. The elastic band keeps the sheets in place and the deep pockets with the band making a chore I truly dreaded because of the type of mattress and location of our bed, I to a quick an easy job. Without hesitation I recommend these sheets. They are an excellent value, dont fade in the washer, and they do not shrink in the dryer shipping was very quick.
I purchased a Purple and a Black Jewelry Box. I was wondering if perhaps I should have purchased 2 Purple Jewelry Boxes instead of 1 Purple and 1 Black for my 2 granddaughters. The Purple Jewelry Box looks outstanding! My 2 granddaughters are ages 10 and 14. I didn't realize that the Purple Jewelry Box looked so impressive. Can I return the Black Jewelry Box and re-order for the Purple Jewelry Box??? May I pls. ask if someone could help me??? THANK YOU
These dryers have now accompanied me on five ski trips. No longer do I struggle to remove & dry my boot liners after a long day of skiing. I simply pop in the dryers, plug ‘em in, and next morning my boots are dry and toasty. Travel is a breeze... they don't take up any extra room in my luggage; the dryers remain in my boots during transit. These dryers have exceeded my expectations. They appear to be well made and I hope they last me many seasons, but truthfully, even if they broke tomorrow I would probably buy a replacement because they are just that good.
Excellent product! Really glad I made this purchase.
I think this is the first time I've had my sock drawer organized! I was able to go completely across my drawer and it actually fit front to back as well. It took a set and a half. The "unused end portions" are obviously smaller so I took my ankle socks and folded them and used the half portions. I am now rolling my socks to fit them and it makes it much easier to match with what I'm wearing. I gave the rest to my neighbor who says her sock drawer is a mess also. I don't know that these would work as well with underwear as they do socks.
It's perfect!!! It goes good with all my decor!
Beautiful piece of artwork! I have it hanging in my office and everyone who comes in comments on how nice it is. The panels are very thin and very light. You have the ability to hang it so it sits an inch out from the wall, but I chose to make mine flush against the wall. Comes with a template to help you get it level and evenly spaced.
These light kits are perfect for our project! They are made of high quality materials! I will be purchasing in the future for other projects!
I really want to take the time to write a review of this product because it's awesome.The quality of the paper is very good and I really appreciate the attached pictures pasted on it.I am very happy to give this gift to my boyfriend.
Perfect size for bathing toy squirmy toddlers. Very pleased.
Very nice pillow cases
My main complaint with silk pillowcases in the past was too thin and too slippery. I also noticed that is the reason other people were not happy with their pillowcase when reading other reviews. My mother recommended this brand because she said it's the best one on the market and she is ultra picky with everything. I wasn't too sure about this pillowcase because there wasn't many reviews on here, but found a decent amount of information online about this company and I was very impressed with their safety measures and professionalism. Very happy with what I ordered and I do believe I woke up with fewer creases. The comfort is better than any other I have felt, not too slippery and not rough, just right for me.
Product as described
The central part of the brush is hard, but the contact part is soft.
Everything I thought it would be & more.
Exactly what I wanted! I am making ornaments for a memorial tree army wedding. I bought this pack and have enough of the smaller ornaments for what a needed and will use the extra bigger ones for other decor. They are good quality for the price. I am happy with them. They are sturdy, good colors and I love that they came with twine.
Great value, excellent quality, and easy to install.
Product is as pretty in person as it is in the picture. Great vase!
Super soft and silky. My kiddo loves it.
The glue is strong. The toy car I use to repair children. It's very handy. Practical tools
I got these to try instead of sponges with on side a scrubby texture that got thrown out after a couple of days due to a nasty smell. These solved that problem. I keep 1 color to do just pots and pans. Regular dish liquid and a drizzle of water to get suds going and they're ready to go to work!
It's so pretty and useful to put sticky notes on
These are really cool coasters. I loved them. It's simple and heavy. Looks ele
Three little girls had a blast with this. Ages 8, 6 and 3. They were able to paint each other with a little help and supervision. Washed off fine. I'm planning on ordering again.
I loved this product I was finally able to organize my earrings and rings. They fit perfectly in my box.
Love these because I am an earring collector! Will be buying another one soon so I can buy more earrings!
Fall theme patterned paper helped me make beautiful Fall and Thanksgiving cards. Rubber stamping was also done and the patterned papers "set apart" my designs.
It was just perfect for use as shelving for garments . Couldn't fit any better for me.
Good light for the dead spot on the driveway. Instead of the screws hung it on chain link fence with zip ties.
Easy to use. Good grip. I've used it on furniture and can also be used to lightly clean blinds regularly.
I was very happy to receive these towels and see what great quality they were! I am actually using them to put vinyl on, and they adhered wonderful! Some towels I have received aren't even square! These were! The towels seams were beautiful and I am excited to have top quality towels to make some great gifts! I will be ordering more after I submit this review! Thanks!
After losing weight, sitting has become uncomfortable. Was looking for something that would help & not make me sweaty. This is perfect! Portable and washable cover. Just ordered a second one for my husband.
exactly as described
I was hesitant to buy these b/c someone said they smell and I think I read NOT to wash them in the washing machine. I used 1 rag first to test them. It was washed in the washing machine, used several times and then washing again. Not once was there an odor. I have a super sensitive nose so I definitely would have noticed. FYI: I use eco dish detergent and laundry products, it was rinsed out very well after use and I would ring it dry until no more water dripped out and then hang it to air dry. Happy washing!
Thank you so much for your thoughtful touch! It was very heartwarming to see not only beautiful crystals, but also your note and unexpected gift. Thank you!
Perfect for homemade cosmetics, and for small travel items like eye cream, anti-itch cream.
This looks awesome in my son's bedroom. Good quality
Great size! Vibrant colors! Perfect for a B-ball lover to dress up their room!
Towels are plush and soft, standard bath size.
Well made. Had been looking for an easel since my kids love to draw and glad I went with this one.
They worked great for I need them for!
It was to thin. We had to layer The strips
Love this! Might purchase another for my bf!
These are beautiful! Opened them with my kindergarten class and they were fascinated!
Just what I was looking for! Came with 2 screws for hanging, and my long necklaces hang nicely from it without getting tangled up in each other. Perfect solution for hanging long necklaces!
Our daughter LOVES this for slime. Really works and super fun to play with in room or closet without windows :) Color gets much brighter after sitting in sun for even a few minutes
I put this poster in a frame and it looks amazing & expensive.
Very nice replacement for my old worn out doormat
Looked way better than expected and my mama loved it
this is a reorder. I really like it. It works very well
This is a great little fan. My g/f is a bartender and told me it gets hot behind the bar. I got her this fan and she LOVES it. All of her co workers have commented on it as well. It blows enough air to keep the area cooler and quiet so it does not disturb any customers. It is a great buy!
I love making lemon blueberry loaf but it took me forever to use the zester I had before and when I used my box grater I cut my knuckles and it still took a long time. With this zester, I zest a lemon in A few minutes. I also grated a zucchini for chocolate zucchini bread so quickly. I absolutely love this zester/grater. Thank you so much for an awesome product. Also the cleaning brush was an added bonus. I am getting ready to use it again. Instead of dreading zesting citrus, I look forward to it. I just wish I bought one sooner!!!
perfect to keep your baby tiny socks from wandering off in lala land...
Notebooks are all durable and good size for travel
Grandson, age 8, really liked it
Just finished adorning my classroom windows with these clings today. So pretty and they add so much to my classroom.
Great delivery price and quality
We have a 7 1/2 foot tree that easily fit in the bag. In fact we were able to fit our little 4 foot tree in the same bag!! Great space saver! I would recommend this product
I bought these for my eight year old son's bedroom and he loves them! They are brightly colored and well-made. Also the adhesive was quite forgiving as I did have to adjust a few of them. But now you would never know. I would recommend having a straight, level line of tape on the wall to use as a reference prior to hanging them. Overall my son is thrilled and we are very pleased so far!
Really nice scent and good burn time.
This cover was made very good. It works great for my chairs. It helps keeping the chair clean and can be easily washed as needed.
I got this for my son. He loves it. It's really nice and the material is really good. My son said he don't know how he ever did without it. He said he sleeps so much better.
I bought this air purifier to put it in the kitchen because we cook a lot at home.I always turn this thing on and have it running 24/7 for almost 3 weeks now and its still running smoothly. It's essentially just a fan that contains a spot to put a filter so there really isn't anything that could break on it other than the fan itself. It completely eliminated smell from the kitchen and the kitchen now smells really good since then. It is effective at removing dust and other allergens from the air. I would highly recommended for anyone who has pet allergies or want to kill the smell from the kitchen.
I really like this bed cover! It is soft and feels very comfortable!
My table looks great!!! Love this so much I bought a bunch more lol
Very practical Garment steamer, compact design. It is easy to use in accordance with the instruction manual, the use of water vapor, you can quickly remove the rough clothes on the folds, so that clothes look very smooth. Very satisfied with this shopping.
I bought this for when I travel. I used some at my daughter-in-laws house and really like it. It's a nice way to be kind to everyone.
This functions exactly like a shower curtain rod should- hung up in a minute and haven't thought about it once since then! Happy with the price and goes with our oil rubbed bronze color scheme.
Love the patterns. Smaller than I thought but that was my fault.
This little case contains everything needed for drawing while away from home, even includes a carrying handle. Very well made 👍
Perfect size for my face products!
Comforter set is soft and colors are great.
These display stands are perfect for showing off plate collection. They arrived in perfect condition and were the perfect size for the plates I wanted to display. Highly recommend.
Now my son can help to clean the house, this cordless cleaner is awesome. It's light weighted which a 2 years old kid can hold. Powerful vacuum cleaner with items that you can switch for your house cleaning or car cleaning. I really love this products. Pros: Light-weighted, even my 2 years old son can pick it up easily Easy to assemble Cordless and quiet LED headlight and display for battery Cons: Battery life could drop quick in max power mode, It really need just one power which is the max.
Bought this for the tile bottom of my basement stairs, hoping to soften any falls (here's to never having to use it!). It's a nice material with just the right amount of give.
These are the best sheets I have every had.
Good quality and and good price! Thank you!
Great Quality, and easy to assemble and display!
looks great, and easy to refill
We bought this shelving unit for our garage. It's easy enough to assemble and very attractive to look at. Would buy again without hesitation.
This tub mat looks nice, and the holes in the design help it dry out so it doesn't get moldy.,I like this little bath mat. Our tub has a built in rubberized bottom, so at first this would not stick with its suction cups.I have now taken 2 showers with it in place and it is sticking to the tub bottom. Before I would jump in and out, but now I want to linger a little longer because the mat feels good under my feet.,It has a nice feel under my feet when standing on it. It makes showering a bit more enjoyable. Otherwise, I really like this mat and would buy it again.
I have it in my open shelving and I love it
It circulated the air in the room
These are very cute and I love the design and color. Package was very secure and they came in perfect condition.
I love these sheets. They are a beautiful color and so soft and fit my bed perfectly without wrinkles and bunching. Would buy again in a heartbeat. I truly love them so much.
Cute album, holds a lot of photos.
Very easy to use and refill! I also use it for dish soap.
I got these to scatter on the aisle of my wedding. They were super bright and cheery. I got like 4 boxes and only needed one. Contains a LOT of petals in one box. All the petals had to be pulled apart so just make sure. To budget 30 minutes to an hour to pull them apart and have a bug bag ready. Great buy! Love them so much.
I got this in the mail and I love it. I did place a additional pillow case over it for protection. Its great because I have allergies and this pillow gives me the best sleep I have ever had.
“I ordered it for my bridal shower and it went great. My favourite piece was the confetti ring balloon. It all looked really cute. Very convenient and quick setup. Couldn't have asked for more”
This worked WONDERS!!! Not kidding, this cut my cleaning time in half at least. Shower has never looked better.
Sharp lettering and easy to apply. No issues and would recommend highly
I use only as insurance for my wife's condition and it has worked great keeping the sheets dry when needed.
These have been a great value for the money so far. They've held up much better than other similar hangers I have that don't have the extra support across the bottom (for hanging pants, etc).
Product exactly as advertised, arrived promptly and well packaged. Very pleased with this seller.
Really like this sheet, so soft, and warm, looking forward to going to bed each night
This is exactly what we needed to clean out our condensation pipe. After cutting the original PVC pipe and adding this, we can now easily clean out any build up.
Use these to hang curtains in my daughters room. I did not want to damage the walls in case she decided to put her closet doors back on in the future & get rid of the curtains. They work perfectly & are super easy to use!
Perfect! Exactly what I needed.
I just received these beads today as you can see from my pictures they are very small but once you let them soak for a few hours they get bigger. I bought them to put in my plants and for my grandkids to play with I think they are going to have a lot of fun with them. A little goes a long way unless you plan on using a lot of them I suggest using a little until you get the amount you want. Very cool shipped fast!
Just beautiful hope you can make different sizes
Beautiful clock. Great qaulity. Looks great on my patio.
The quality of pillow case is very good . They are so soft and comfy . Washed and dried them and they did not shrink any. will definitely be buying more
Love it and the quilt needs the shams!
Great quality and huge size!
We love this set. The pictures don't do it justice. The colors are beautiful and the quality is very good. I priced it at Kohl's and it was $100 more than on Amazon. Definitely worth getting this through Amazon as it arrived quickly and the cost is much better through them than on other sites.
I bought them for a gift but would purchase again for myself. Great for camping trips.
great product for the price
Great price for the product
Exactly what I wanted
These are perfect for my many articles of clothing that have delicate buttons, tassels, etc., and still be able to throw them in the wash, on the delicate cycle, washed in cold water.
As described! Perfect.
All 12 of them arrived in perfect condition. None of them were broken as others have complained about.
Great quality! Very soft
They are super soft, much better than the Bamboo sheets people rave about. My husband doesn't say much about things like sheets, he even said they felt fabulous! I won't buy any other but these!!!
I wanted a fountain my cat could drink from and low to zero vibration to put on the same table with my aquarium. This seems to fit the bill! If you're looking for water sounds,, this is probably not the fountain for you.
it looks beatiful and what higly important - don't drop from wall)
VERRY GOOD BETTER THSN EXPECTED
Arrived promptly and well packaged! I have to say, I was skeptical about the quality of this thread when I saw how inexpensive it was. But it has So many colors....! Great assortment!The array of gorgeous colors is impressive.
Beautiful! Purchased 3 sets
Very good product and easy to assemble and nice look. Recommend this product
Great little weighted door stop. As pictured. Quick service.
Great cushions! Very comfortable, high quality cushion and materials. and looks great!
Very pretty curtains and they do a great job blocking the light. The wrinkles never fell on their own, and I took a few hours to steam them then they looked great.
Got it for a shower gift and baby loves it so I bought a few more to make sure we always have one available and washes great
Excellent seller and product.
Beautiful and a perfect touch to our tree! Will be purchasing more to add next yr!
2nd time I Have bought something from them .... would buy again
These things are addicting!!
Perfect for more than one child. Can put favorites of each child and save space
I used to have regular one that's on the floor but this is better I put it high enough so my 2 little ones cant react it. Also my husband loves the phone holder part. Very easy to install I did it my self and it hold up very well with our iPhone 8 plus phones.
I enjoy using the pens. There are no color repeats and the ink flows very well.
Love this blanket. Super soft and works great as a throw on the couch or bed. This is the second one I bought. Holds up after multiple washes and I haven't noticed any shedding. The pup loves it too. Would buy again
It's very nice and keeps water in the tub not on the floor 👍😊
they are great but not that sticky
These pillow covered are durable and we'll made. The zipper is good quality. They add a nice touch to my Christmas decorations
Wasn't sure that these would stick because I needed them on a storm door that gets pretty warm from the outside temp, three months with a lot of 100 degree days and still stuck tight and the clips hold the wood rod perfectly.
Great pens! Not too runny.
Love it because it can be personalized
Very nice hangers! They really hold the clothes on and do not slip off easily.
Just what I wanted - thin placemats, colorful with our dishes, easy to wipe any spill and easy storage.
I bought this for my daughter's wedding. It is absolutely very nice and has a classy look. Work the price.
Bought this rack in conjunction with a laundry pod. I can do several loads of wash in the pod and hang them all up to dry on this rack. Folds up very neatly and tucks away in the closet between washes.
Excellent seller. On time, as described, packaged very nicely. Will order from them again. Recommend to other buyers.
For the price this is a very nice shelf unit. Sturdy and finished nicely. Works great for my small indoor plant grow light shelving.
I got this as a anniversary gift for my husband and it worked perfectly. He loves it.
I love this table! I was expecting it to be a bit flimsy for the price but it is heavy duty iron. It looks a bit distressed including a touch of rust on the outer edges of the white clock face. It was quick to assemble without assistance. This table would be perfect in an industrial decor. It would right at home in a library. It looks fantastic as a side table in my nautical themed cottage. As others have stated, it is not adjustable. The clock works but is not really visible when items are on the surface. I wanted it as a statement piece so these things don't bother me at all. I may buy one for my son. It is truly a great piece of furniture.
I used to use my travel iron but it stopped working so I bought this. The price is almost the same as my travel iron but it's more efficient. Heat output is much better and I like how the power card can automatically roll in when you press a button. Don't think I would ever want to go back to use a travel iron anymore.
Much prettier in person than I anticipated! I was so delighted when I opened the box and pulled this gorgeous wreath out! It really is pretty! I highly recommend purchasing this, you won't be disappointed!
Very nice shelf. Well made, came quickly & easy to install
This glue is fantastic! We have a lot of sand where we live and it plays havoc on my husband's work shoes. He likes the shoes so instead of tossing them, we decided to try the glue.....and we're so glad we did. It works wonders on his shoes. I would definitely recommend this glue.
chair covers are like mattress covers,They protect the things we use everyday from dirt,dust,solids,and liquids that may spill on it.These plastic covers do wonders when you know messy children will be wiping their slimy hands everywhere and if any messes are made on the chairs,they are easy to clean up with a simply wipe.
they are hanging on my patio and they are beautiful when lit at night. need better nails to get thru the stucco.
I bought this because I needed to replace the squeegee in my shower. I bought this one because it seemed to be good quality and included a suction to hold it. When it arrived I was impressed with the quality. It is stainless steel and and is the perfect size for the shower. It has a smooth handle that is easy to hold. This squeegee makes quick work of cleaning the shower.
Perfect for what i needed it for ...
All the colors are very nice and work well with my artwork.
I am in love!!! I absolutely adore this compact three tiered towel rack. We just moved and the new place had no towel racks, driving me nuts. I don't know what kind of monsters lived here before. (Tongue in cheek) I've been searching for months looking for the right size, color and dimension. Something stylish but not too bulky, something that doesn't take up a lot of wall space. Something not too expensive but sturdy enough to hold up to grabby kids. This fits the bill on all counts. It's surprisingly well made and was very easy to install. It came with two screws, plastic toggles and screw cover caps. I had the rack up in about 10 minutes. You can easily move the bars from right to left and arrange them however you want. I chose oil rubbed bronze to match our powder room, but I think I'll be ordering another set in a different finish once we remodel our guest bathroom. This is kind of silly, but this rack really makes me happy. Every time I use the washroom I'm filled with joy of not having to see towels cluttering up the counters.
Helped a lot in making our room comfortable especially for our sinuses and skin.
Item of some round one's came apart so had to throw a way. Could not be be fixed!
This is more like a fleece blanket than a faux fur throw but, It is Warm, Soft and looks just like the picture shown. My pets love it as much as I do so, I am happy with how well this washes! I also purchased the pillow covers to go with this blanket, I just love the look of this set and am not looking forward to summer when I have to put it away.
I like the color the wording. I have cats so I put it outside to make people aware to slow down and watch for my cats.
Is even more beautiful in person, the colors are gorgeous and it's pretty well made.
Bright mirror screen and very sleek and shiny and over all a very nice alarm. And we actually hear it. And the modern day usb cable plug up is really convenient also.
Actually use these under my cats dishes. Easy to clean and catches everything. Not plastic so does not cause chin ache on cats. I also have two others I use for my paintings since I am an artist. All around great to have.
I live on my boat and spend a great deal of time outdoors enjoying the water and nature around me. An inevitability of that kind of living is MOSQUITOS. I'm enjoying the atmosphere of the little lights in the evening when the little buggers come out, but I'm enjoying even more not having to endure the bugs. I can't say they're 100% effective, but anecdotally can say that I feel they're very effective. I can also truthfully say that when I have them lit I am hardly bothered while my boating neighbors are getting eaten alive even with sprays.
Love it! It's soft, colors are just as pictured and it washes well. Looks perfect in my son's classic Mickey room!
Nice wood grain, color is true. Fairly heavy duty as well.
My daughter LOVED it and it added so much color to her room ❤
We have a Moen magnetic hand-held head (excellent, also) and this caddy creates no problems with the hose. Lots more room for shampoos, washcloths, etc. then we need but better too much room than too little. Adjustable shelves work as advertised and the clamp mechanism for holding the caddy to the head pipe is rock solid.
Love this brush. Fits comfortably in my hand, and the bristles are firm enough to really knock the crap off my dishes.
I was on vacation for 3 weeks and I was able to fix all of my clothes in them
Comes in handy with my smoking friends.
Very impressed with this item
Super soft. I washed it first and it was still soft. No issues besides that its super thin.
I bought the easel for my daughter for Christmas and she absolutely loves it. Great creations will come with the use of this easel. Thank you
Great Quality, use it in school and on the school bus
I got this platter as a wedding shower gift for my niece along with the champagne mini.... and she loves it. Nora Fleming's porcelain also coordinates very nicely with her white dinnerware as well.
These are are soooo cute...love the red Christmas truck
My son has ticks where he rocks his head. He says it's comfy and helps lessen his tick.
we have a white english bulldogge and cherry hardwood floor and she sheds horribly so we run I roomba at bedtime and floor is clean when we wake up . I think i will buy the brava jet mop to clean her slobber marks off after the sweeper finishes
I needed 6 foot panels, but could not fit them in my car. These are perfect. I take them apart to transport and then put them together at craft shows. And they are easy to put together with just a few screws. I would recommend these to anyone.
I've been using these hooks for bath towels and robes for a couple of months and so far so good. They are very sturdy and nice looking. They are much better than the plastic ones I've used before.
I wish I had paid more attention to the size. It works though, just wish I bought a bigger one.
Exactly what we needed for our guest bed!
I loved the product. Item was just as described.
These are strong and work well so far. Pump wasn't very effective but did great with the vacuum. Plenty big, in fact, I didn't something smaller but better too much than not enough.
Excellent as advertised!
This was perfect for my tree and decor, good price, just beautiful, thanks
good shoe rack easy to assemble
These are gorgeous. The quality of the fabric is great. They are well made. They even have a cute little tag with the logo on it!
Great change of aroma for someone who lives in a big city
We have purchased several different sets of these sheets for our King size bed. They are soft, easily secured, and are nice enough that we have stopped buying sheets from other stores.
I like that this throw is so soft and so pretty and so warm . It looks so pretty draped over my sofa ! It's a beautiful chocolate brown ! It reminds you of a chocolate bar that's the of the throw I got ,love it ! ❤️
impulse buy! I love this skull! Everyone thinks that it is real! Goes great with my décor, the coloring is perfect and it is extremely sturdy as well. Definitely a great piece!
Absolutely loved it!!!
Very nice snow globe, my mom collects cardinals and loved it. The box is very nice and protective for storage.
I use these for several things such as keeping my wash cloth handy, hanging items to dry, etc.
I purchased two sets of these filters, they are the exact quality as the one which was included with my vacuum at the time of purchase! It is a very good value, it's nice to have an extra one while the original is in the washer
Very easy to use and I really like the shape of this mold.
EXACTLY AS THE PICTURE, PERFECT SIZE AND GOOD QUALITY
It's a great watch for the price. It's basically a novelty item. It's quartz. It works. Doesn't look bad. Can't complain. It was delivered quickly. Cheap Chinese watch yes. Worth it also yes.
Love these garden claws -- I have my own set and have been buying as gifts to friends and neighbors!
This is a nice fine glitter, very sparkly! I add it to my polymer clay creations.
It's easy to clean and leak proof. Colors are great
Very cute and very small! Love them stacked.
These are fantastic. Works great comes in lots of colors and are always good to have for extra sheets they are also very soft!
Easy to put up and take down!
It's what I expected
Thread quality is decent, all the parts are reasonable quality and work as expected. For the price it's very good. I've repaired holes and sewn on buttons.
I am just starting bullet journaling and so these stencils offer eclectic and extensive options. They are sturdy enough if taken care to place in a small box or bag. Easy to use and each is numbered. I also use the numbers for my page numbers.
A friend used it to help her daughter learn. I haven't yet
Great quality frames. Works great.
Not very sturdy , but does the job
Smell is so good! It's much better than my expect! I will give some Christmas gift for my co workers. Size is pretty small but very valuable products!!
The wreath was full, vibrant, and beautiful. My Mom loved it!
The photo is exactly what you get and we love it! It's huge and the colors are vibrant. Came packed tightly wrapped in plastic and when unfolded it was amazing pretty. Glad we purchased.
My granddaughter absolutely loved it,
This is identical to a Yeti (I compared it side by side to a friend's Yeti).... it just doesn't have the Yeti logo on it. It's got a closable lid.....which is an advantage over older Yetis. I Understand the newer ones have a magnetic closing top....which have gotten bad reviews on Amazon. this is half the price of a Yeti...what's not to like? And I love the cool colors! :-)
Super fun. Used for graduation party for people to fill head will knowledge and advice for college. Now just love the piece.
Very fluffy and soft. My bed is very expensive but kinda firm, bought this for a softer top and WOW. Good luck getting me out of bed lol.
I use these to store my clear stamps they work perfect.
Mixed for an outside mosaic tile piece. I followed steps in the This Old House magazine. Worked great!
I use these on my wing back chairs along with my mid century modern decor and they are really pretty. Honestly, probably too pretty because I worry about my kids messing them up. They are also very soft. The item is exactly as pictured.
Had a good night sleep without feeling congested or coughing.
Great for my mother's nursing home wall because it holds several photos. Plus it's a decent quality.
I was very happy with the quick shipping and the amount of vinyl for the price. I was on a tight deadline to get shirts done for a friend and they turned out wonderful!
Excellent product received quickly
It was really worth it, now I can keep the items in my classroom organized and In it's place
What is this advertised as a (12 pack)? I got o e can in the mail.
I bought these thinking they wouldn't be good quality, but they are! They wash well too!
Came with everything is exactly as it says
Item worked perfectly and was exactly as described.
Brought for shoe storage works great. Need more.
Filter fit our air filter without any problems
I was pleasantly surprised really nice Quality for the price
Love the smell and ease of use will continue to buy
It was as described and made the painting pop. Thank you!
Fits nicely by my coffee maker without taking up a lot of room.
great fan, i never need to turn it past level 2!
awesome quality, worked great in my daughter's room!
Hold up well and do the job!
Love this soap dispenser! I bought it for my office because the sink space didn't allow enough space fora soap dish or bottle. It works great and looks elegant on the wall
A little pricey at over 30.00 but great design and materials.
So Great and lightweight!
Color is exact as shown haven't tried it yet but feel is very soft
Good for cleaning couch or bed
Great item, and a must have. The gloves save my hands from steam burns. With the steamer AND the gloves, it's a pleasure to iron in a new way
I ordered this a few days ago, however it was too big to fit my vacuum. I sent it back today and was issued an immediate refund. Excellent customer service.
These sheets are great!
Perfect for college dorm mattress
Bought this for my sister who just became a first time grandma;) she cried when she opened it:) beautiful frame
I prefer to use soup spoons over regular spoons. The spoons are extremely sturdy and nicely sized. Will order again for next party.
Nice kit and great value.
This is a neat, subtle way to keep our toilet rolls in our bathrooms. I like the brown color.
Good quality for the price
We love this. We can see the beautiful table underneath and yet it is protected. It is exactly what we hoped it would be, other than the wrinkles which I hope will go away with time.
I love these so much! I got several in different sizes and they all look simply beautiful!
Crystal was as described
Strong glow, will buy again
Very good quality, easy to assemble and fits well on door. My only regret is that it is too wide for me to use and leave the door to my laundry room open (I bought it to hang ironing on) my door is very close to the wall. This is the nature of the product, however, as it needs to be as wide as it is in order to be able to use hangers with it. Overall an excellent product.
I truly recommend this pillow cover, you won't be disappointed!
I am 70 and health issues cause bending over to be extremely hard. Now I just use my boot jack to take off any and all closed shoes that I have on; including sneakers, leather shoes...the boot jack does not only work for boots! Between this purchase to take off shoes and long shoe horns to ease putting on shoes, I am staying independent.
BEAUTIFUL! Thank you Amazon. The colors are very vibrant and the size is perfect!!!👍👍
Sturdy. Beautiful. Exactly as pictured. Couldn't be happier. Easy install. Clean lines.
Just like the picture! Very happy.
Looks even better in person
Very attractive set and it goes with other yellow and grey pillows I have. The light weight makes it easy to handle.
worked perfectly and looked better than the white plastic ones.
I love it so much i got 2. One for the office and one for the bedroom. Stylish too.
Super soft and cozy!! It washes great, doesn't shed and leave fuzz everywhere like most. It even came packaged nicely! 5 stars for sure!
These Blue rose paintings are very pretty. I hanged up on the wall in my bedroom. This blue rose wall art is elegant temperament and taste. The perfect wall decor for any room you want to brighten up such as living area, office, or bedroom. I love them, and strongly suggest to whom want to decorate their home. Love it!!!
Nice poster on thick stock delivered in strong cardboard tube in perfect condition
I am a 70+ year old woman with significant loss of hand strength and dexterity. I have owned many humidifiers, both for my children when they were young and for me (sinus issues). This is by far the best humidifier I have ever owned. It is so easy to refill and to clean - tap water is actually the recommended type to use. The top lifts off easily for cleaning and refilling; there is both a normal and low setting, as well as a handle to carry it with. It is 99% silent!! And for the 'icing on the cake' there is a readily accessible button on the front which allows you to turn off the LED light, allowing you to get more peaceful sleep. Although I've only had it for a couple weeks so far I see no reason why my review would change, but if it does, I will update this. I recommend this humidifier highly.
Great blanket for pug lovers. Does not shed.
Very Nice Quality! Love it!
Works great ... easy to install and looks awesome.
I wish it had looked more like a picture in a frame - so I cut off all the extraneous stuff that detracted from that. Otherwise great!
i will never buy another machine again. I simply LOVE Brother products! the Machine is an absolute magickal dream. I'm getting every accessory I can think of!
My Frame arrived ahead of schedule in a sturdy box. It now holds a treasured family photo. THANK YOU!
Perfect suze for my desk at work.This little fan has excellent build quality and good air output for such a small fan.Quite and cooling fresh air- just what I needed. And it looks cool!
I bought this for Christmas, but it is so pretty and natural looking that I leave it out all year. Lights are very soothing, not too bright. When people see it they are not sure if it is real or not.
Great quality and was just as described!!! Will purchase again from seller!
Good product, fair price, fast shipping
look great on the wall with all of the things my wife put on it.
This hand-sewn garland is super fun and I think sort of retro!! You'll receive two (2) 13 foot garland(s) that are very cool hanging in entryways or as decoration for a party, bridal shower, baby shower, etc. or would make your home especially festive near the Holidays! When unrolling them make sure you start on one side at a time to avoid tangling. Each garland has shiny discs in rows that are very sparkly and made of high quality craft paper.
Love these. So soft and added a touch of contrast on my all white bedding.
These are great! I was surprised that such light curtains would actually darken a room. Love the color, the fabric is really soft, a great inexpensive option for a really bright window.
These are great for the price. The best part is that they are deep enough to stay put on a thick memory foam mattress. I am definitely buying another set.
RETRO CLEAN IS WONDERFUL FOR VINTAGE DOILIES AND VINTAGE QUILTS. IT TAKES OUT STAIN AND YELLOWNESS. I WAS AMAZED BY HOW MY THINGS TURNED OUT.
Perfect, just what we were looking for. It doesn't come with instructions but it's not hard to figure out. Made of a cotton material not a knitting, which is what we wanted and if you want it higher or longer just adjust it. My 21 old is in heaven with it
Perfect shoe rack. Easy to assemble, sturdy, efficient and it looks great!
Perfect size for what I needed!
Very nice, but did have to unzip it and remove some stuffing as it was a bit to firm.
This one is very good. You can hang towels in the bathroom without worrying about running out of space. Look at the material should be 304 stainless steel very smooth polished very carefully like. It's also secure against the wall. Very good
The stickers go well for our under the sea themed room. Work great! Stick well even after we peeled and changed locations.
I have a really right bathroom and I did not want to nail any holder on my walls for ascetic reasons. This service my needs perfectly. Highly recommend anyone who has a small bathroom but also hates those cheap plastic holders.
Excellent product I use this bottle daily for gym and work.
My 9 year old son LOVES John Cena. This was a perfect gift. Very soft and has held up many many cycles through washer and dryer. Would purchase again
Arrived earlier than expected and looks exactly like the picture. I saw other people posting pictures of their painting they received and those each looked different. Very happy especially for the price.
I was looking for a clear curtain so I could see my kid in the bath but not get splashed on! This is perfect.
This is a beautiful piece. It is obviously made with love. Each bead is precisely where it should be and the color is great. Thank you.
Great product. Was able to fit 3 to 4 outdoor wreaths in package. Good buy.
I love it and the color is beautiful.
I needed some thin and very flexible ceiling tiles for a tight fit in the downstairs basement ceiling (less than 1 inch working area between some pipes and the grid). These fit the bill perfectly, and they are very nice looking. I was able to bend them much more than a standard ceiling tile, and got the ceiling finished easily. They are super easy to cut also.
I needed a humidifier for my new baby's room and I'm so glad I got this one! I didn't want a humidifier that was going to be an eye sore in his room and this design is sleek and modern looking! There is basically no setup involved. It was packaged nicely and there was no damage to any of the product or packaging. This humidifier is such an amazing deal for the quality!
This are the most comfortable sheets that I have ever had,will recommend and will buy again!
I've only had these for a week or so but so far they're great. I hesitated to buy these due to the quality of similar towels I've bought. However, these are more absorbent.
I bought a quilt set instead of a conforter set because it's easier to maintain without having issues with clumping filling and damaging wash cycles. The quality of the quilt is nice but just know that it's a print and not technically a proper quilt. It's black and white, but the patterns do give it a black/gray appearance which is nice. It comes with two pillow cases and I had no issues fitting a standard pillow in them. It also comes with two throw pillows which are of nice quality/material. I've not had the product for long at all but it held together great after I popped everything in the washer/dryer (except the throws of course), and the material feels very durable. I will update this review in the future to reflect durability. The style of the product is what struck me though. It's got a quaint homey look to it whilst also feeling high end and elegant. Overall I'm very happy with this purchase, considering the price. Many products offer a lot less for a lot more. This was well worth it in my opinion.
Comfy and relatively soft, nice pattern, seems to be sturdy enough. Definitely not very warm but that wasn't something i was expecting.
Strong fabric, sturdy, good zipper, easy to use and large size to settle current yarn and projects.
true to pics - came fast - made the best surprise
Very very very good price. Out performs the competition. Easily hold poster board to the magnetic chalkboard. Love this product.
NOT VERY LOUD BUT WORKS OK
Was every bit as good as was advertised. Would definitely recommend to anyone!!
Much better quality than expected. The fabric is soft and the stitching is solid. The color is exactly as depicted.
Very safe for baby use, strong wind , my baby like it
This pillow is extremely soft and very comfortable for travelling. This product is high quality and compacts in to the bag very easily. The fabric is comfortable and I love this pillow.
Oh my goodness, had to clean my grandmothers silver set. Was not looking forward to it. Bought Wright's Silver Cleaner, What A Breeze!!! Thank You
I love my new mattress pad. I agree that the material looks a little fragile but I will be cautious when washing.
Like this bought one at bed bath and beyond had to take it back twice never worked this one works perfect!
the blind works easy without cord on my motorhome door window. I took out a motorized unit that failed and prefer this one. I can open and close it without also doing the same with all the other blinds on the switch. It has excellent light blockage for privacy and to keep the heat from the sun out.
These baskets worked perfectly on my stand alone shelf organizer.
This thing HAULS. I used it bring up multiple cases of water up 3 flights of stairs on multiple occasions and never felt like it couldn't handle the load. Makes going up stairs very easy. I've had the thing for over 4 months now and it's still holding up well. Definitely recommended!
This is a great product. It's very easy to wash and dry and to put on the bed. I have a kid who gets a lot of nose bleeds and this really protects the mattress, all you need is cold water and soap to get the stains out. We like it because it doesn't feel like you are sleeping on plastic.
It fit exactly where I wanted to use it in my house
Ordered this bed for use when visiting my daughter who lives in another state. Having purchased different brands of air beds in the past, I was quite taken with the quality of the product and the commitment to customer satisfaction by King Koil. OUTSTANDING! The set up was quick and easy, and less noisy to inflate as other mattresses I have bought in the past. I like how nicely regular twin sheets fit on it as well, making you feel like your sleeping in an actual bed! Extremely comfortable to sleep on. So glad I purchased this product! ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
I love this product so much! Love the fit with a stap on both corners so stays in place and washed great!
Love these but only for one season.
Great product and worth the buy
Curtains were delivered promptly. Quality exceeded expectations
Enjoyed a better night's sleep with smooth, comfortable sheeting. Would recommend to friends and family or anyone who likes a peaceful night's rest. Thanks.
Great back cushion support for my car seat! Good quality in low price. Like it!
Great for my sons 1st birthday candy bags, big enough to add mini balls and bags of chips
The office I work in is cold all year. This heater fits nicely under my desk and it heats up quickly.
Lightweight and beautiful color!
We lost a bit of trees due to a hurricane. This summer has been hot! Living in a mobile which is already poorly insulated, we felt heat more than usual. However once putting these on windows, we have noticed a significant change. It still gets warm if temperature is In mid to high 90's. But definitely not as high without the film! Would recommend this product. It does make house darker inside, but would rather have that than heat.
I absolutely love this print. I redecorate my bedroom in beach deco and this was the perfect size for the area. It is a soothing and relaxing scene for my beach bedroom
Adorable and comfortable. Looks just like the photo
I love this. Simply made, but feels sturdy. Easy to clean and holds more than enough for the office I ordered it for. Got my shipment on time and we'll packaged. Considering buying a second for my camper.
These work great. Pins stay on and no pin backs poking through.
These clocks are great!! I bought my first one 12 years ago. Never have had a problem with it, this past year I ordered 3 more for my house, got my sister and her daughters a total of 5 for Christmas, and I just ordered my younger sister one, the colors are so pretty and bright. They are silent. Good purchase
Just what I wanted I order again
Got this for my wife because she is always complaining about our current comforter. She love this one. It's lightweight and doesn't make you too hot at night. It's also easy to remove and wash.
Color is bright and fits the bed nicely. Material isn't too heavy.
Faster than expected delivery and exactly as ordered! Would definitely use this seller again!
Great product service is great
Works great. Easy assembly. Would recommend.
Have been looking for a sturdy ironing board and this one is very sturdy. The height is a little low for me but fine because I am not tall. Would recommend this ironing board.
These were beautiful on my French doors. There are so many I may have enough for next year also. Love them.
Works great for organizing kitchens gadget drawer
Just what I needed. Good quality.
Beautiful cart and perfect size. I had issues with first one ( cracked glass shelves) but seller quickly replaced. Great seller and I love my new cart
They feel sturdy and capable. The cable insulator is thick which makes it feel more worth.Also, pretty good price for 4 cables- and 3 different lengths at that.These are very nice and appear to be very sturdy as well. Work well with my iPhone 6s Plus and charges great. Great length.Really great quality for a low price.
This was a Christmas gift for my teenage daughter who has Generalized Anxiety Disorder and Inattentive ADHD. Since receiving this blanket, she has slept for at LEAST 10 or more hours per night. When I asked her about it, she said she has never slept so well in her entire life. She has always had very interrupted sleep, but this miracle blanket has finally allowed her to feel secure and relax enough at night to sleep deeply and WELL! The blanket itself is very sturdy and well put-together. It is very nicely priced for the great quality that it is. I hope to buy more of these soon for the rest of the family.
Very handsome, appears to be well made, and keeps excellent time. Love it!
I'm using these for a utilitarian twist on holiday gift baskets, and they are the perfect size. They're also sturdy and seem to be well made. Seems like they'll last awhile. The color is perfect.
Just how I like my washcloths. Not cheap or hard or you skin very good quality.
Thanks for the additional instructions. The small flyer in the box with only photos may have been hard to follow.
All good. Other flavors like orange 🍊 would be nice
This small garment steamer is lightweight and can be heated in seconds, and it keeps the clothes dry. The set comes with 2 different heads for different materials. This steamer is suitable for home use or travel because it is not too big or too heavy for you to carry! I like it and recommend it, and it's very simple, safe and convenient to operate.
Looks exactly as pictured. Great piece.
Really soft, good quality for low prive
Great product , very realistic. Have it displayed in our summer place. Serves the purpose. Took a while to get but happy with the product.
My daughter loves this and its great for sleep overs
Just what I was looking for!
The reason I like about these because they are breathable. Very soft and comfortable. It's perfect for my neck and back. I am recommending these to my friends and family
I love the Advent candle holder. It is beautiful and well made. The pillar advent candles are lovely. I placed a large glass ball on the center and a large white candle will look great too as a choice.
Very cute wooden cat with a tea candle. Great for cat lovers. Small thoughtful gift.
Bought them for myself and gave them as a gift. Super strong and sturdy.
I love this! Works great and is so cute.
Gave this to my mom for a Christmas gift and it was a hit.
My Shark is happy, and so am I. And, I didn't have to spend a ton on replacements!
We only ordered one and my husband and I steal this from each other every night when the other person leaves the room or isn't looking. 5 stars.
Love these, I bought several this season and I'm happy with them all. Came packaged well, and had no issues. Door on side is a little cheap, but over all.... I'm happy and would order again .
Sheets were super soft and my daughter loves them.
I love this thing in my room. It is a Great scented candle and smells great. The smell stays for a long time in the environment. the candles don't run out fast.
This product is amazing for those who need the extra space in their small kitchen. You can adjust to how much of it you want to use. Easy to clean and it is sturdy. I love using it when my dishwasher is full
Sheets are very soft, easy on thick mattress, no more tugging or fighting sheet.Very Happy would highly recommend.
Crisp, clean, durable plexiglass organizer... wife well-pleased; use for bathroom vanity top
it was as advertised and of the quality as described
Having just put them to use, I can only say wow! For the price, you just can't do better. You also can't do better at a significantly higher price point. The material is very soft and comfortable, and the thread-count is meaningless due to it being a micro-fiber fabric. These are impressive, and I will definitely look to get more of these as they prove out over time for durability. I can't imagine they wouldn't be durable. But I've only had them a very short time. I can't accurately comment on durability at this time, but I give them 5 stars until proven otherwise.
I loved it! It fit very well with my bath rugs and next time I'll try to post a pic of it.
Got this item for my kids bathroom. Perfect for what it was intended for
Excellent product and price
With very light use since February, a seam has come loose and the heads instead have leaked all over my bedroom. Very disappointed. EDIT: I reached out to the company and they sent me a replacement, free of charge. The new blanket works amazingly. Very comforting.
Absolutely a great deal. Hung em up and got alot compliments. 100 percent happy with my purchase and the price. .
These so keep the sheets on the bed. One clip broke as soon as I took it out of the package but there are so many that I was satisfied...
I bought the sea foam set first and loved them and turned right around and bought the blue. I washed them all once with no problems, they have a smell to them when they arrive, I suggest washing them before hanging them. I steamed them and they look great. They're very long and even though I could raise the rods I like the way they hang. They have weights to keep them in place and they have the look of linen without the fuss. Love, love, love them.
I moved so my girlfriend wanted the one I had in my other home. When I started decorating my new home I knew I had to have another one. I get so many compliments on it.
I love this Amethyst bracelet. I was surprised how large the beads are. In the photo it looked like smaller beads. I wear it a lot. I would buy from this company again.
The refurbished Shark Apex has been a great vacuum and value . Very easy to use to clean the whole house. Great cleaning suction and no dust.
nice to keep your beadwork from rolling off. I came back and got two more!
Great case all the way around. Lots of drawers and room for all my brushes and go-to items. Especially for the price!
This fit perfectly in our large shower stall that did not have any shelving for soap or hair products. It is made of teak and is water durable. Did require assembly, but it was easy to put together. The instructions called for 2 people to accomplish this, but I was easily able to assemble it. Very sturdy.
These were super easy to set up and fit perfectly in my little one's Simmons dresser (purchased from target). Mine has two small drawers and two large - the small dividers fit two side-by-side in the small drawer, and the same with two large organizers in one large drawer. Definitely registering for a second set to fill up the rest of my dresser.
Working great so far, time will tell how well they last but I'm only using them for miniatures so, should last me a while.
Good to line my large birdcage.
Very cute, just as pictured. Looks great in my bathroom.
Perfect my Lon loves them
Colors very bright and exactly as shown. Extremely good value.
Install is simple. You connect the four rods, slip them into the corners under the velcro flaps and it's ready to use. I assumed there was a tote bag inside that I could take out, but this is not the case. There's a tote-like bag attached to the top of it with a pull-string, but it's a separate bag. I guess the idea is to remove the four support rods and turn it into a bag? Though it does have wheels on the bottom, so I'm not sure how that would work. Regardless, it does what it's supposed to, looks nice tucked away in my bedroom closet and was easy to set up. It's great!
Love this! I thought there was no heart but I found it floating in a small baggy with instructions how to place it in the box! Super cute
Seems like good quality
I ordered the blue color what an exceptional shade of blue I am more than pleased with this item and I do wish that it came in more colors that are attractive to me well worth the money
Its small and handy, works great and easy to clean up and remove to dispose the trash it collects. Its self explanatory on how to use this little compact vacuum. Would recommend anyone to buy it. Especially if you live in a small apartment and don't have enough space for a big vacuum. Me and my husband love it! And I love that it doesn't make much noise.
Great comforter, and it looks just like it is as pictured. Bought it for my daughter's already purple room and it matches perfectly. I would buy it over again in a different color if I had another room to re-do.
This was a HUGE hit!! Super cute and soft.
Great seller, item was the real deal for a great price.
Probably the best shower liner I've ever purchased. I'll favorite & repurchase for our other bathrooms. Pleased!
great movies, I think it will be perfect for a christmas gift for my son
These are good quality and help keep your drawer organized....I love that you can arrange it different ways based on what you need. I usually use in the drawer mesh boxes, which I love, but this is more practical for desk/kitchen drawers.
Brought for my son he loves it
I love this set! The cords are flexible. The needles are light weight. The best part is no more needles to come unscrewed!
I like that it fits in a corner of my cabinet and I have 1 hand free when picking up a plate
Used them to hold menus for my event. They fit in well with the rest of the display. The slit is a bit large for regular card stock though. So it did lean a bit, but it worked well for what I needed then for. It comes with inserts as well, but I didn't use them.
These are great at keeping out the cold and the price is very low. Well worth your money. Wish they came in shorter lengths...
Quality product and a good price.
These are like the skinny sister to the hotel down pillows. They're not as thick, but they're still very comfortable (if you like soft/squishy pillows)!! I got some for me + my guest room.
These work great and are a great price not much more to say really. Packing is ok the clips are kind of just mixed in but that's not a big deal for me.
I love these much better than rulers because they're easier to grasp and slide around when using them. These are perfect for graphing (I'm a math teacher), because they're short and just the right length (as opposed to a full sized ruler). I ended up buying a couple for each of my desks.
I've not put this on the bed yet. But it looks nice. The fabric quality might be thin but for a change out quilt it's fine.
Good cleanse for the home ..
Even though product was good, I wanted to return it as I saw this product for lower price. Amazon said Keep the product and take your refund. Thanks Amazon!
I love my duvet. I live in Hawaii and now that it is summer and my place has no air conditioning, I need a lightweight covering for my bed. It is easy to wash & dry in my washer & dryer. The colors are vivid and makes me smile. I am happy with this purchase. The other set I ordered was meh. The pillow shams did not capture the larger mandala to balance the rest of the sham. It just didn't pop like this set. I kept it since it is still a well made duvet and lightweight. I am glad I ordered again, but a different pattern. Satisfied my hippie heart happy. ✌️
It works well on my projects
Soft and washes very well.
I recommend this laundry bag. It comes very large and can hold a lot of clothes. The bag is also made up of good material, so you can't go wrong. I recommend this product.
Great price and great product!
they work great I had these before
I LOVE this frame!! It's so beautiful and makes any colorful photo pop so well. I just got engaged and bought this to put a photo of the moment in and it's perfect.
Not dissapointed so far
Great product, good price. Unable to find this at any garden center. I used it to wrap my hydrangea for winter. Very sturdy & enough to wrap twice.
My new blanket is wonderful! Soft, wooly and oh so warm!
Wanted to vary art options for my young grandsons. Both (ages 3 and 8) dove right into this medium, intensity and variety of colors gave more satisfaction than regular crayons. Non-toxic, didn't break while using, very satisfying to each of the users.
This is a wonderful product . My back pain is getting better, I wake up with less back pain. Thank you
Fits great and is a nice sheet.
I really like these for my wax warmers, easy to change fragrances and the wax pops right out when you're done with them.
Was exactly what I was looking for. A bit larger than I had visualized but that is a plus; I have a lot of bracelets.
using it for my kitchen table, it looks lovely. I just redid my kitchen and it goes well with everything
Wow! These feathers are absolutely beautiful!! Very nicely packaged. Perfect for my VBS project!! I need to discover more feathers projects so I can order them again!! 😃
I love these! These nibs hold the ink very well I don't have to dip in the ink so quickly unlike a pack of nibs I purchased last year from another brand they suck.
FABULOUS ruler! If you have to make flying geese, you need one of these!
I love these for my daughter's room. Such a good price too! I will be ordering another one for my other daughter's room!
Just Erasers they look and are erasers.
My toothbrush goes everywhere with me when I travel. This is a must!
I am a beginning wood carver and this has worked out quite nicely for me. You can't easily do a lot of fine detail work simply due to the size of the blade, but it'll do the trick for most beginner projects. Make sure you buy a leather strop to sharpen the knife with.
These are by far the best enamel pin backs you can get that I'm aware of. They are extremely secure and about as small as you could get. The closest thing to a downside I can think of is that you wouldn't be able to remove them without the included hex key, but honestly that's arguably a good thing if you want to minimize lost pins!
nice addition to my living room area.
My porch was missing something, came accross these and gave it the right touch. Had to buy 2 orders of these to be enough to go around my porch.
Love this candle. Our Lady of Guadalupe is beautiful and colorful. The automatic timer is awesome!
beautiful even better then the picture. perfect doesn't let any light in
I am very happy with my shoe rack. It is not suoer sturdy , but it holds a full rack filled with shoes. My shoes stay on it with no sliding off. . It is so nice to be able to see all of my shoes at one time. If i ever need additional space, i would not hesitate to buy a 2nd one.
I do not recommend this. We've had it maybe a month and the vacuum has no suction. We've replaced the filter and scrubbed them clean. It's not worth the money at all
These items were ordered for a makeup presentation my daughter conducted. She thought they worked well for her prospective clients. They will be used for future presentations.
They take up space but are a clever design and really do work. I gifted 3 and they all wanted to know where they came from to get some for others.
Nice pattern, well made, good price. They did the job.
For the price of $20, buy them! They're not the softest, but are very nice. The pillowcases are nice and crisp, which I love. I'll buy again.
Excellent! It works well and easy to maintain. It is made very well with the idea that hair, and small objects can clog the tubes. The design is made to easily unclog the tubes. With a house of cats, dogs and kids little toys this is an awesome design feature you really want when owning a vacuum cleaner.
Amazing looking flowers. A Must BUY. Better then the ones sold at stores. They will look amazing in my centerpieces!
It is exactly what I needed.
These mirror sheets are light weight, easy to attach to walls, and the quality is good, looks exactly like glass mirror. Good product!
Love this. My infant no longer coughs and is congested throughout the night.
Our new bathtub is slippery! I never felt relaxed while taking a shower because I was afraid I'd slip and fall. I purchased the shower mat after reading the reviews. So far, I am happy with the purchase. The suction cups keep it in place in the tub and it doesn't slide around. It is comfortable to stand on and rinses off easily.
I love this blanket!!! It's light weight keeps you warm, not too hot, and is large enough so you're not tugging to keep yourself covered.
The blinds were perfect!
Like these even more in person. I use them to store papers to file and papers to shred.
Really nice. Would recommend to purchase.
It was soft, and looked just as described. It was on the thinner side but still felt great.
Very nice, can't believe Igot it at such a great price!
Amazing!!! Could not be any happier!!! Best towel ever
Good quality. Shiny in all the right places. My daughter has sensitive ears and can only wear certain metals. She has worn these for days in a row with no issues.
Worked Great for writing on car windows, and it didn't smudge or come off in the rain!!
It only makes sense to stage a docking station for a vacuum cleaner with multiple attachments. After all, I spent quite a bit of time to decide on the Dyson Cyclone V10 Absolute. It's got everything I need plus more but what do I do with the attachments!? Now, I found a few docking stations that were way more modest in price but I'm a consumer that consider reviews over price. So I thank the previous people who purchased this unit and left awesome reviews. First, let's talk about care in packaging. Much like the Dyson, it comes perfectly protected in the box. Nothing is loose. Each set of nuts and bolts come in each bag. They give you few extra nuts and bolts in case you drop one. They also include tools to put it together. Assembling it together took about 10-15 minutes. Instructions are very easy to understand. It's 3 pieces and extremely sturdy. This unit, I believe is the best one out there and I hope this review will be helpful in your decision to invest in this very useful and easy to assemble product. Peace and Blessing!
This is only giftable if someone has the right cricut. I did it as a gift though. We have it for a cricut maker. Perfect for crisp lines for opening and closing cards or origami. It's not a 'necessary' tool for a lot of the projects (IMO) but it's great to have when you need it.
This can definitely fit a super thick mattress. I have to tuck it under because of how much extra room there is. But it works great
Works great for my Deebot!
Easy to use , even for beginners. I got 2 of these machines , one for each of my daughters who are learning to sew.
Very beautiful. The design is breathtaking...everyone who goes to my bathroom says, wow...
Very easy to decorate we used for Christmas foot prints gift worked great
I recently bought this with not real big expectations but it has definitely been great! This picks up very small items also I was so surprised how quickly this filled up. I swept with the sweeper I have and then used robot and it did amazing at picking up missed stuff. Con is the container to hold dirt is small but can't expect for it to be huge. This is so worth the price and very reasonable.
This was a gift for my wife. Like most husbands when we need something sewed they always complain they can't find a needle or the right color thread. No more, this kit has everything and she was most suprised when she got it. I got a big kiss on the cheek for purchasing it at such a terrific price!
I purchased it for myself. I really love the horses rotating & the music that it plays. It looks like an old fashion carousel & evokes memories from childhood! I think it would be a wonderful gift!
If you're looking for a gift for birthday, home decor gift or even personal use-I would recommend these candles. They were packaged beautifully and my friend loved them. The outside containers are beautifully colored!
So I really like this pillow. I move around a lot at night and the contour works well for side or back sleeping. I have something like this in the past but it was too thick for side sleeping.
It's so soft and puffy it's like another blanket! Breathable and stays in place. My toddler moves a lot while sleeping and I never had any accidents with this pad moving out of its place.
This table cloth is absolutely beautiful! Had it in 4 days! Fantastic transaction. Thanks seller!
Soft and awesome sheets. This is not the first set I have purchased, and when I recently spent time in a hotel I looked forward to the better and softer sheets I had at home. My other set has lasted over a year and is still going strong.
This was just what I was looking for. Came exactly as represented in photos. I chose this option because I didn't want to put holes in my brand new bathroom walls for the typical toilet paper holder.
All the sents smell great.
Looks good..Drilled some extra drain holes.
It works for my cast iron wok. It make the cast iron clean and without scratching it. And the size is suitable. I like it.
Like these looms. Use them to make hats for homeless and needy. Plastic prongs snap off from time to time, so have to replace. Pleased with this product and recommend it.
Very cute, added a nice touch to the bathroom door.
Exactly as described. High quality.
I love this set! It was everything I wanted it to be, the perfect size for my bed, and so warm!
Loved this so much for my scissors at home that I bought one for work. It is quick and easy. No need to think...just put your scissors through the holes and pull out several times. Works great!!
Silent which is what i wanted.
This was better than I expected.
These sheets are so soft, and they also fit my 22” inflatable mattress very well!!
Quality product. I recommend it.
Warms up objects, and you quickly. It has helped warm up my drafty waiting room in my office.
Easy to Use and Durable
very nice, I wear it every day!!!
i am redecorating my room to be that of an asian themed bedroom, and this basket fit the theme very well. the bamboo is not sharp or pointy so i haven't gotten hurt. the color is very nice and is very clean. the lid is sturdy and doesn't bend or crease in a weird way. the size is great. it is actually larger than my previous basket and fits more clothes inside. the only thing that i am not the happiest about is the hamper inside. i dont like bringing down the entire basket to do my laundry so i remove the hamper from the inside to carry it down. if i have a lot of clothes to do and the hamper is very full, there are no handles to carry that makes travel easier. you need to grab whatever you can and carry it down which can hurt the hands if its heavy. putting the clothes in the washer has never been easier. i can just dump the hamper into the wash and have the clothes inside fall out without bending down constantly, or needing to hold a basket against my hip to throw clothes in. overall, this is a very nice product and im happy with it.
Very satisfied and came quickly.
Very comfortable, ideal for people who do not have much space. Good thickness, doesnt heat the surface on which ironing. Good quality. I recommend.
Holds small stuff like small bottle, if you wanted to display nail polish it would do that, it would even be ok at holding small single use liquor bottles basically any small size bottles this will hold and display.
I love this bed. It inflates and deflates quickly with a built in pump. It has a heavy duty plastic outer with a top that is a smooth fabric.
Direct replacement for our security system camera power supply. Fast shipping. Good Price.
It is exactly the size I needed and it stays in place. Wonderful product design!!
The best machine I've ever had!!!
Got to replace our bell in our restaurant, and it is absolutely magnificent. The sound fills the room even at busiest of times!
I love these hangers!!! Won't buy anything else but these!
Very nice and thick high quality towels.
Gorgeous we love them great quality and price
It is so adorable and nice. Love it
Extremely durable and correctly sized for bringing an old sofa frame back to life.
product looks great on shower curtain.Thanks
I like this. It holds a lot of my hooks.
Goes on very nicely and looks great!
No problems so far, love the built in pump
Great for organizing beads
My wife loves it for the small jobs.
Excellent for reducing fatigue when quilting. I highly recommend these gloves.
Not as soft as I thought they would be
Nice looking skirt. Easy to put on.
Used in large daycare for managers doors. Liked so much ordered additional one.
absolutely love these curtains
Perfect to line shelves and drawers in my fridge
works well with the dish drainer
They are small, truly for a bathroom, but really nicely made and wash up beautifully in the machine and dryer. I use one as a doormat inside the door, and the other in the bath. I'd buy them again, very pleased.
These are the most comfortable sheets I have ever owned they are lightweight and so soft. I love the color and plan to buy more!!
It covers the mattress, works just fine.
Super cute and sturdy!
great purchase good price just what i needed for storage
Really nice and fluffy. I bought 1 and liked it so much that I bought another. My kids love them so now I need to buy a third. Good quality. Definitely good gift too
easy, worked perfectly!
Under sink storage is usually a junk cubby, this rack allows us to organize and utilize what we store. Plus rack keeps product of bottom if we ever have a leak
This goes on your vent not a stick on item! This is very beautiful & I would definitely recommend this item to everyone!
I love the trouser gripping rubber sleeve on these hangers and the open side that lets you slide your pants out without taking the hanger off of the rod.
Beautiful vintage authentic hawaii looking sign that looks fantastic in my outdoor bar area. Quality made. Fast shipper. Excellent condition.
This thing is perfect! It was excellently priced. Flipping it back and forth DOES actually make a temperature difference unlike many of the other ones I've tried. I love this thing! The ties work well to keep it centered in the cover. Definitely would recommend to anyone thinking about a weighted blanket.
It works well both upright and flat. The volume lasts for a few pieces once till needing replenishment. Nice!
Great blanket. This is my second purchase. The first one is so warm and nice that I wanted a second one. Good size. Like this blanket more than the polar fleece blankets we have at home.
These were great! They were sturdy and the bell inside was also metal. It worked great for the gift bags we made with them inside and people loved them.
Cute durable and what I expected
Bought one for my 91 year old mother. She loves it! She likes that she can run it whenever she wants and doesn't tire her out. She also likes that it's much quieter than a normal vacuum.
Better than expected!
I purchased the pink one to hang above my daughter's bed and the blue one for my car, they are so sweet looking and hold up to my three year olds non gentle touch, lol. Love them
These pillow covers are so chic I love them! I brushed them out with a paddle brush to give them more of a fluff look rather than the crimped look they come with and I love the result. I ordered them in the color khaki and they're a nice light taupe color which is what I wanted. They also arrived right on time as planned which always makes me very happy
I needed a good silver cleaner for my jewelry. These wipes work great. Much better than others that I have viewed.
These pillows are so comfortable. Packaged well, good price, delivery on time, good quality. I would definitely buy again.
Very cute- I love them! Happy purchase!!!
Greta price for a three pack. Quick delivery. Just as advertised
This shower curtain is ALL THAT! The colors are so beautiful and it definitely makes a statement when you walk into my guest bathroom. Absolutely stunning. Absolutely satisfied!
Bought for sons dorm room. The drawers are deep and we were able to put in more clothes than other drawers we were considering.
I am not really a jewelry person, but I needed some place better to store my small collection and didn't mind it being out in the open. This is great, I actually have it on my closet sliding door. The only thing is that post earrings don't do well on this. great for french hook and hoop type closures. Hooks will handle those and necklaces and the bar is for bracelets. I don't have many post earrings so it was fine with me.
Great product... right for the price
These two kitchen rugs are pretty good. Good quality. The size fits my kitchen.
It perfectly fits everything that I need under my bed I loved
Love these...they are sturdy, look nice on the shelf, and easy to access the contents in them.
I really love the ease of use. The directions are clear and precise. They fit perfectly in the holder too! These smudging sticks make my heart happy!
All arrived in good condition. They do burn inwards. There was only one candle out of two whole packs that leaked over. Barely burned down even for our 3 hour long reception. Would recommend.
Nice color, light weight. A must have in summer! There are three mode, the third mode is the strongest. Recommended.
I purchased this for my husband. He's always misplacing his wallet, keys, sun glasses, etc. He picked a place to put it when coming into the house and so far is using it religiously. I hope he continues to do so. It is very nicely made and looks modern and clean and is nice enough to have sitting out in the living room with his stuff ready to grab and go.
Very Plush and absorbent
Love this also bought the candlesticks
This extender has enabled me to reach the 5 GHz range anywhere in my property
All the other reviews were true. This went up very easily without using the transfer paper. It was a fun project to do with my teens.
Very comfortable, I, my wife, my kids have tried this blanket and everyone all like it. will buy some more for my dad and my mom. Cons: this size is fit for just 1 people and they don't have the bigger size
These are tiny but perfect for small thread and wire.
I can adjust the air to make it comfortable. It is well made of sturdy fabric. I did order an air pump to make it easier.
Just what I needed. I've used almost half of them already.
It's beautiful, lightweight and durable. Well-constructed.
Bought this for my daughter and is satisfied with it.
This is undoubtedly one of the coolest tools to help reduce housework I have ever had! Works well and filters the air too!
great price for a replacement filter
LOVE these Star Wars towels! I purchased them for display. They are soft and plush. Great Price for the set!
This broom is nice, it picks up a lot and isn't too heavy or too stiff.
Bought 3 packs of the multi-colored for y 3yo sons bedroom (he has wayyyyyy too many toys) and am about to buy a 4th! The quality is outstanding, but they are a bit difficult for me to snap together! My fingers are left bruised and red, and my arms are sore after wards. But once they're in they are IN THERE. Lol
Makes mopping so easy! Bucket is easy to use and light weight. Not as soaked as original mop. I highly recommend this product.
In the toliet right where he belongs.
Beautiful art! Many compliments so far. Can be arranged in many different patterns. Comes with a stencil to make mounting a breeze. Highly recommended!!
I absolutely love this product. Doing rock painting and this has added a lot to my variety so highly recommend it
I absolutely adore it! Arrived super fast and it's so cute! Exactly what I was looking for.
Top quality mop head. You could buy a product that is cheaper, but the quality will be cheaper. One gets for what one pays certainly applies here.
Would give more stars if could. What a value. This thing works great clear picture good connection. It does get very hot almost too hot to touch but some thermal tape or heat sinks fixes that right up. Love this camera
Bought as a gift for my parents since my dad compulsively saves corks for future needs (wines whose corks crumbled and other diy stuff). This makes my mom happy since they're corralled in a cute place that matches her nautical themed decor. The seahorse is lovely. However, I had initially got them the fish and it arrived without a tail (not broken off- entirely missing), but the return was easy. Still, I'd be wary of getting the fish. The seahorse is super cute anyway.
Great for beginners: note - you MUST also purchase glue, Amazon carries it, the glue bottle in your kit is empty. But it has a nice tip!
Fabulous product! Really happy I purchased this!! The fitted sheet fits great and stays in place. The color is fabulous for winter Christmas decor. Not too warm, very soft, and just beautiful!
I didn't expect these to be awesome for writing with. I think this are going to be my go to for writing in and signing cards. You have amazing control and the brush strokes are so soft and pleasant to look at. I was just looking for something fun for our stash of art supplies but these have been getting used every day since. I haven't had them long enough to see if they are prone to drying out but I expect if you keep them capped then they will last a long time.
These artificial flowers are really sturdy. The picture is exactly how they came. I think they will be beautiful once they are spread out and combined with others. The deodorant is there just for size comparison.
It was not easy to install it but the results were amazing.
Depends on what materials you are shopping for. Solid item.
The new mattress' are made so thick that it was hard to find the correct size to fit. This mattress pad was the greatest.
It looks just like picture, but it doesn't stand up on leather, it slides down.
This was perfect for my kids' room. We were trying to maximize the floor space for playing and this hamper tucks away nicely in the corner.
Worked like a charm. And saved me over 100.00
They were perfect in size. Excelent,Excelent!!
My granddaughter loves it!!
Highly recommend this boot/shoe dryer. Folds nice for easy storage and works like a charm. Love it
Love it. Makes walking with asthma so much better.
Gave to my 10 yr old granddaughter - she said she didn't have her first Christmas ornament - she found it!!
My husband doesnt like to share it. 😂 says it helps with his back pain and to put him to sleep easier
Arrived in perfect condition, clean, on time and exactly as described. Ordering again a week later, I need more! Not heavy duty but perfect for household items.
I love the way the lights shimmer, and the effect is exactly what I was hoping for. I was actually going to buy a second one, but they're all sold out! I hope the seller brings this back. It's a great addition to my holiday display!
Simple and nice. Looks good.
This is used as the primary wall hanging at the yoga studio....wonderful!
I purchased these to replace all plastic for children. I like the feel and easy of cleaning, and no fear of breakage
The pillows are well made and the material is soft. I have purchased a few designs, and they are all great.
Wow I love this, it's huge! Fits so much more than I expected judging off ones I've seen at the store. The customizable shelves made fitting products easy. The turntable is nice and smooth and easy to find what you need.
I have purchased many feathers from Amazon recently. These are amazing. They are exactly as described. You need to be careful to pay attention to the description and not the picture that is posted. Would highly recommend
This is a quality throw. The color was just as described. I have received many compliments on it.
These candles are wonderful! I use these for all of my lanterns and people are always amazed when I tell them, they're fake! I was looking for a cheaper alternative to Luminara candles and these are it! They look and feel like real wax just like Luminara's do. I actually have a Luminara candle and I can't tell the difference between the two. Pros: -Looks and feels like real wax -Set of three with a remote control included -Triple AAA batteries - Similar in touch, light, and size of a real Luminara candle Cons: -none Don't look any further for candles that look like they're real and look amazing in your home decor. I am actually planning on purchasing more to get two of the same sizes, since they come in three different sizes.
This recycle sorter is much bigger (in a good way) than I thought it would be and I love it! It's sturdy, love the handles, and fits in the perfect spot underneath shelves in my kitchen. I love how it hides all our cans and bottles and taking it out to our recycle bin is so convenient. I couldn't be more pleased with my purchase!
I bought this poster for my teenage daughter, but I wanted it for myself. We like it a lot!
These sheets are just perfect! Well made and great fabric!!
I did not realize how pretty this is lit up. A beautiful accent piece wherever you put it.
Very soft cover and holds its shape well.
Very satisfied. Usually there's a smell in this kind of pad before use, but this one smells fresh and can be used directly without wash! ( I am such a clean freak and sensitive to weird smells)
You can't beat the price! The quality of the fabric is great! I'm very pleased with my purchase!
what was advertised is what you get. Love it can't wate to start it.....
Great grinder! All parts fit well together and operate smoothly. Keef screen lets a lot of quality product through.
Great wedding server and knife set
The sheets are comfortable and fit well.
Really like the feel on my feet during a shower! Just what I needed!
Great price and amazing product
The two oil diffusers are just what I was looking for. They are small and do not take up a lot of space. All you have to do is fill them with water and you can also add a drop of an aroma therapy oil for more relaxation. The nightlights are a plus since I have a toddler who uses this. It is also really quite. Great product for the price :-)
I wasn't expecting much for the price- but really like these! They are the typical cloth pop-up box material- so they aren't super sturdy but hold up just fine. I do wish I would have gotten another color because I'm thinking the white will get dirty quickly- but didn't think about that at the time of ordering.
Very light weight Stable Easy to carry anywhere Lighting is very good ❤❤❤
So far they seem just as good as the name brand filter. They came in individually packed boxes which was nice for storage.
Smushy and comfortable. My husband wants me to order more. Very good, fluffy pillows!
Easy to use and works like a champ!
Given as a gift. It has held up for 6 months now in my sister's room. She is such a huge fan of nightmare before Christmas, and loves this addition to her room and collection of memorabilia.
Ordered these in 2015. Just about to run out so I'm going to order some more.
I wasn't paying attention when I bought these and the gold were in stock in the US and the silver had to come from China. But it didn't take that long and they came about 4 days early. My wife loves them and they were easy for her to install. The have good magnets and the quality and finish is very good.
My daughter absolutely loves this; she doesn't like for me to turn on her over head light in the morning; this amount of light seems to work perfect
Love these cloths for all purpose kitchen use (dishes, counters). Doesn't damage surfaces, but scrub side is great for removing residue. Easy to wash and quick drying.
Arrived on time and exactly as expected.
I love this mirror! Super cute and a lot bigger than what I thought it was gonna be.
Arrived on time, Perfect packaging, Perfect condition, This is an item that is always needed sooner or later! It is an necessity, in all homes! I love it! Many uses. Thank you A+ seller FAST SHIPPING! Will buy again!
Blackout curtains so much better than they used to be. These are a decent size and texture. Perfect length.
These stickers worked for me.
Fit perfectly-Wouldn't want to purchase a weighted blanket with out a removable washable cover.
My daughter LOVES this! Soft, cozy, cute!
I love my star for my Christmas. It was a great addition.
Well it took a few tries but installed them in the wall. Only problem was finding the right spot in the wall to hang these. The price I found was the best anywhere. The hooks are pretty strong they look amazing and no body can tell what they are for until I show them. Its a nice surprise.
Awesome light for doing puzzles!
I love these pillows! They seem to be nice quality and the look is perfect.
Great price - great product
easy to put on! Great fit.
Holds enough water to last for days on low and better than a day on high. Quiet also. Thinking of ordering a second one !
Love the beautiful color and i purchased a piece of artwork with the same colors in it.
This is so awesome! It works great. I've had problems with hair getting in the drain due to there being 4 girls in the house with long hair. This by far has been one of my best purchases. Worth every penny.
The quality is perfect. Very elegant too!
These were purchased for Valentine's for my son's class. They were sturdy and something that can be used for future use. It was nice having boy and girl superheroes.
This is such a great product! I am very excited that I bought it. Everything fits great. Looks great on my counter.
Roomba is back up and operating. Thanks for the great batteries and filter.
This product works as expected.
price is great--soft,warm,thick enough--all one needs!
I have received this new mattress protector for my new twin mattress. It's too soft & light and fits well on my mattress.
My grand daughter loves this comforter.
Really farmhouse adorable
Great replacement at 1/4 the cost of brand name.
Bought this for a friend who loves baths. So happy with how it looks and so is he!
Helped with a mesh swimsuit I was trying to repair
Very light weight! Easy to install and the best part is it comes with the screws and reinforces need for the wall!
Purchased this item because of its high back, fits small and large suitcases, and already assembled. Was not disappointed! This item is high quality, well made, very durable, and no assembly required!
excellent condition quick shipping
Works great in epoxy. It has weight so it does settle but it worked fine for my project.
Fit like originals, good maintenance item to keep your cleaner performing like new.
They're really cute! They don't stick to faces well though 😂. There's a ton of stickers and I put one on my phone case a week ago and it's still there
Towels received were as advertised. Plush and no fading during wash. Great product.
Definitely a perfect purchase!
I got this for my girlfriend and she absolutely loved it!!
Oh my gosh I love these things. They are beautiful copper color, the joints are smooth, I use one for scarves and one for photos with clothes pins holding them to the wire. I'm thinking about ordering more because they're so cute.
I bought this as a gift for my grandmother who only wants practical items. It has a nice weight and it is really soft. The bonus for me: the packaging it came in made it easy to wrap.
A lovely update for our Christmas tree this year. She shone beautifully all season long. Used a mix of gold and tartan ribbons in the tree to tie in her gold color. Just lovely. Highly recommend for the price.
This is a really nice cover for your sofa, to help prevent liquids from seeping through. Right after I put this on my sofa the first time, there was a small spill, and this cover contained it all. It all also washes very nicely too. I put this in the washer on delicate wash with cold water, and it came out clean, and in good shape. We also have pets, so this is a great protecter for our sofa.
My cats really like this premium raised cat bowl. I got the bowl because my one cats were throwing up all the time right after eating. After I read the reviews it convinced me I needed to get this bowl. After using the bowl for only one day, no more throw up. My cats are happy and so am I. I hand wash the bowl since I do not run the dishwasher every day. It is worth every penny!
It worked great! A little difficult to install by yourself if you're adding it into a larger surface, but i got it in the end! I love the way it looks! Really transforms a space.
I love the wonderful color and style about the product I really have a wonderful bathroom it's really nice everything came together nicey.I love my bathroom.
My 2 and a half year out was getting out of his crib and this definitely helped him stay in. It's also very cozy and he loves it.
These are very good for the average person, colors lay down well have had no problems with breaking.
Very quiet, love remote. Bring on summer!!
Great product!!! Would buy again!
had to give this product a few weeks to prove it self and I am happy to report that this product works a written a I am very pleased with the quality. I had it in drawers to keep items that are moisture sensitive and it performance was awesome. I live where we have a lot of moisture in the air and my cough drops use to even melt somewhat and with the dehumidifier in the drawer they are fine. I recommend this item with confidence.
It came in a good wrapping. It feels silky and soft, and I love the color. However, this kind of material is easily get folds and torn.
They seems high quality and looks cute too. Happy with the purchase.
The quality is really good. It's very soft and puffy. It's also the right height for the kids. They all wanted the pillow and they got into a fight over it too.
I have two of these vacuum cleaners. I use it everyday, that's why I have two. Of course I wore the wheels off of the head of the first vacuum I purchased. Replaced the head with this one. Perfect!
Perfect! Thank you for the quick shipping
I love these stickers! They are so colorful and diverse. I ordered series 1 & 6 and put some on my laptop. I still have so many left and don't know what to do with them! I might put some on my water bottle. These are awesome.
this is the perfect thickness for summer months. It fits my queen sized bed and fees good to the touch. no complaints especially at the price. satisfied!
Perfect for critters and birds
These are identical to the sock holders I bought 10 years ago. Those lasted a LONG time. These are looking good, too. These are easy to use, don't let go in the washer or in the dryer.
It zippers which is very nice.
I had this out of the box and sitting on the living room floor for a few days because it seemed overwhelming to put together. Not True! I bought 2 of them for client files to try and organize my case load a little better. Make sure you have the tracks where the drawers will slide facing together- curved side of washer goes on the curved side of the pole. You don't need ANY tools- the Allen wrench comes in the package. Be careful with the washers and screws provided as you only get the number needed to put the object together. You don't need a screw driver to put the knobs on the drawers- you can just screw them on with your fingers. It looks very nice put together and slides nicely too. Now to put labels on exterior and fill with my client files, this will be a 'tomorrow' project...
Wanted something to hold curtains open without having to tie them back every day. With these you just hook over and you are done. Very pretty finish. Just what I needed.
Great quality. Great price. They don't bleed through to the next page very much. I'm a student and I'm using them to organize my notes. They're working as expected.
Keeps my beans fresh!
Very pleased with the quality and price. Love the feel of the down pillows... so different from foam. Took the chance on the purchase bc they were inexpensive based on the generous fill power. They were very compressed when they came out of the carton but seem to be expanding daily. Highly recommend!
This is a great fan that puts out alot of air for many hours on slow or medium speed. However, the durability of the fan is not the best. If you drop it, it can break easily. Also, the part of the cord that plugs into the fan is not made well and if it doesn't fit exactly right into the hole of the fan, it will not charge. I'm on my 2nd fan because of this, and now my 2nd fan cord is starting to do this, which is too bad because it's a great fan that you can take anywhere. It's small, lightweight, and quiet, and puts out amazing air power. Just treat it very gently when putting the charging cord into it.
Great fit, and great for winter time.
These were shipped from New Zealand. They did arrive before Halloween. I plan to use some for Halloween and some for scrapbooking. The stickers are bright and colorful and "old fashioned". No design is the same. Very nice.
Marches my chrome bathroom. Decor perfectly! Works as you would expect- I don't get streaks or patchy areas; it glides smoothly over glass and tile. I have zero complaints about this heavyweight squeegee.
Very light weight- we love it that way. Finally a cover that's long enough!
I bought this for my son 2 years ago and he still sleeps with it and plays with it all the time. It has held up very well! I would definitely recommend Olaf.
I like the fact that it is very quiet and is able to pick up cat fur. I had some trouble figuring out how to empty the bin but now have the hang of it. I love this product!
Has a slight odor from the plastic bag it comes in. Just hang it up overnight and it's gone. Print is beautiful and on both sides. Appears nicely made. Will look for more designs from this company.
Great quality for the money
I love everything about it! I use it everyday, it's the perfect size and the lights are bright! I love that you can control the brightness too! Definitely recommend
I don't know what sort of magnet is used to hold this, but it is INCREDIBLY strong! Load it up with pens and markers or whatever - it is NOT going anywhere!!
I was looking for something else( not for candles at all) when came across these candles, and just decided to get them. Very happy with this product, given the fact that it's hard for me to pick the scent. First of all , the package is super cute and this set is perfect for gift. Secondly, those little candle jars are very nice too, and they could be used as little storage after the candle is gone. Each candle smells different and and the scent is very light and pleasant.
It's great for an outside table ashtray because it's windproof
The stickers were received in a very timely manner and they are of a very good quality. I am really impressed with the coloring. I would order again from this company.
Everything in order fit perfectly...Will be ordering again as needed
Just gorgeous..they are tiny but they work for me..I will order again..perfect for my projects.
Very nice clock! Looks and feels like wrought iron without the heavy weight.
Its lightweight, stitching is very fine, soft and comfortable. I ordered twin size which is perfect for me as i like to wrap myself in a blanket at home on weekends in the cold months.
A fantastic machine that stands up to all my needs of a vacuum! I have hard wood laminate, area rugs & two very large dogs.
Got this for my daughter (14) when she started having problems staying asleep, she could fall asleep just fine but would wake up multiple times at night. We tried blackout curtains, sound machines, removing phones, maintaining schedules. Nothing worked as well as this blanket. I would say to be sure you get the right weight. Our 14 year old is tall/healthy adult-sized so we chose based on her weight. She has been using it consistently for a few weeks now and said she's been sleeping very well. I also think it's important to mention that we keep it pretty cold in the house so I'm not sure how it would do for someone who gets really hot in the middle of the night. She used to kick off the blankets in the middle of the night but that obviously doesn't happen with this. So far so good.
I just received my chair cover. The color is true to the picture and it fits great !!! It seems like I have a new chair. Actually, I was not expecting it to look so good , I am very impressed.
I would recommend these especially to older folks who can't get their necklaces off easily. I'm giving some of these to my mother.
Currently using as a toy shelf for my toddler boy. I also Bought coordinating foldable storage bins, and they fit nicely in the cubes. This was pretty easy to put together, my seven year old daughter was able to help. Includes instructions. And for the price, it is extremely sturdy! I have Already purchased two more for my older two children!
Really like this product. Very handy and organized catch all.
As other reviewers have said, it takes a week or two to get used to this pillow, but once you do it's great! It has really helped with my neck pain.
Great pillows, very supportive and well made.
Easy to use. Looks good.
I have jewelry that I don't know the size of. Also my family uses this too. We can measure our ring sizes on various fingers, instead of ordering the wrong size. It's very useful!
Shipped quickly and meets the needs. Can't ask for much more out of an air mattress.
I bought these as a Christmas Cub Scout project to send blankets to refugee camps. Great bulk price.
I love them help for my clothes and the blanket is comfortable.. . Love it
THEY LOOK SO GOOD! I am absolutely obsessed with the lion king. These stickers are so great and they don't have to be just for your wall. I put a Nala sticker on my computer case. I would purchase again if I needed to.
Can't rate battery life.... just got them!
Great response and product delivered on time
So easy to use. Slide right under a sheet of outside vinyl siding and beautify your outdoors with pictures.
Hubby installed this today within minutes. Took a shower and tested it out for the first time and caught all hair and was very easy to remove, clean, and reinstall
Holds shower curtain rod in place. That's what it's supposed to do, so performs as advertised.
This is my favorite heat transfer vinyl to use. I have ordered it multiple times. Weeds very easy!!
I like how comfortable the are , they were well packaged and it took 2 days to be full fully . For the price, I recommended it .
This is a beautiful photo album. It will work perfectly for our pictures from our trip to Ireland. We do not take a lot of photos in the portrait, upright orientation, but I will use some of those slots to hold narratives from our vacation that I print on acid free card stock.
The colors are excellent and flows beautifully. I did not have add any water to the brush tip to start the flow. These are great brush pens. Will buy this product again and would highly recommend.
Nice product. It is as I expected.
They were exactly what I expected.
Bought these to do iron-on transfers as a kids' birthday party favor. They turned out great and some of our guests said it was the best party favor they'd ever received. If you're embarking on a project like this, these aprons are great (and economical) for the purpose.
They seem to fit any chair and look good.
My friend said the smell of this incense is pretty good! I tested it for a while, almost two hours. The burner absolutely can hold it steady and the most important thing is that is FREE!!! Highly recommended!!!
The quality for the price is great. The lights have plenty of settings and are bright with a cool white light. It looks awesome. The only issue I found with this product is that there is no off switch, you have to unplug it. Not a big issue at all though.
It was exactly what they said it would be!
Serves it's purpose. Worth the money.
Great product. It's good quality and it looks awesome. A good piece of deco at the best price!
Looks great! Well done.
Good buy nice light weight easy to use. I purchased this for my wife and she loves it. I know it's something simple but it's the simple things in life that makes it great.
Makes my trunk organized. In the middle, there is a cooler bag and it makes meat and other stuffs cool! Thumb up!
Exactly what I wanted
I really love the style of the pockets on the side!
This curtain rod was extremely easy to install and it's sturdy/good quality for an affordable cost. No complaints and it adds a 'pretty' touch to my living room :)
Was not what I thought it was, but have a young girl who love it
Drains and drys very well after use. I spray with peroxide occasionally to sanitize.
I love the hangers so much I bought two more packs of them, they are perfect for skirts and pants and hold very well!
Very pretty - looks exactly like the picture, except it ended up being a bit larger than I expected. Works great as an accent in our guest room!
Super cute but fully functional I have a 5 year old doctor in the house and it's perfect for him!
Wow this smells so good! I love the exfoliating gloves and it comes in a cute package . Would make a great gift too!
These pillow inserts have been great! I purchased them to make pillows to use in my classroom, so they get a LOT of use and abuse. I was afraid they would not hold up because of the low price, but I have been pleasantly surprised by how well they still look and feel. I would recommend these to anyone who wants a nice pile of soft throw pillows.
Excellent, replaced all our old incandescent bulbs, electric bill was lower too
Very good quality and look great.
It's just as pretty as the picture
This silk pillowcase is as it was described. Soft and smooth. I am seeing a difference in my hair when I get up in the morning. Great product.
First time using, I resurrected a pair of gloves that were looking poorly, now look like new! People comment on sparks or the unit getting hot, please be aware of instructions (yes, actually READ the care instructions!) warning to not run continuously over 1 minute. One person commented using for 15-20 min's & it felt like it was about to spark. No, duh! You need to let it cool down a bit. Just use your head and this thing will do as promised. I recommend this shaver, it's a neat little unit at the right price.
Love this! I always saw silver and green ones at craft shops but I needed white so this works perfectly. Thin enough to hold the fondant topper (stars). Insert it while fondant is still soft.
The mattress has a very good protection, the size is just right, it is very soft, and overall, it is very good.
It was the perfect size I was looking for. Love it
I'm glad that my Mom told me about this light. It works great! I can see my projects a lot better.
Very good quality poster, packed very well for shipping !
Exactly what I needed.
For this price, this is my family's favorite.
Sturdy and of very high quality!
Great for making jewelry. Nice size, easy to open.
I love this robot, she cleans my small apartment and gets up the dog hair from my 3 small dogs. She runs everyday and only a few times a week does she not find her way back to her docking station. She does push some furniture around and tends to get stuck under the cabinets that are a smidgen too tall for her sensors, but other than that she works great! I have had a few items go wrong, but customer support (IAN) was very helpful and we were able to fix her up very quickly.
Fantastic sheets. REALLY deep pockets that fit thicker mattresses. There is extra elastic on the corners for a good fit. Fabric is the perfect weight. I have 2 sets now.
It is the perfect style.
This window film has been a great addition to our front window! We do have a boxer and she is terribly excited when people ring our doorbell/knock on our door, so there are some scratches from her on the lower part, but nothing has ripped or has holes yet, in fact, you can barely see the scratches.
Fast shipping and really really good price.
This is a handy little vaccum. It is either a stick vacuum, with a brush roller in the bottom, and it comes apart to be a hand held, with two attachments. The fact that it's cordless makes it for me. I have a stick vacuum, but most of the plugs in my house are hidden, which makes it a real pain to use with the shorter than full size vacuum cord. This is super handy, especially to get in the corners were dog fur collects, and a quick trip out to the car.
I've had these up for 4 months. One fell off the day after I installed them -- my son apparently yanked too hard when he hung up his towel. But I re-mounted it and they have stuck like glue ever since. They look nice, good match with my oil-rubbed bronze fixtures, and they're a great solution for my bathroom.
Perfect support- small enough for travel
Having lost many earrings (especially in winter, when scarves and hats seem to pull them off) I am very pleased with these. They are completely secure. It took a little practice to remove them (use your fingers, not your fingernails, and practice a few times before you put them on) but they are great.
Worked perfectly for my 4 x 6 cards. Good Quality
These holders do the job and the price is right. Nothing fancy but nice and slim for the glove compartment with clear holders to view docs.. Since they are rarely used they should last a long time. Good product for the price.
Perfect, I buy them for cereal.
Looks better than it did in the picture. Arrived on time. In great shape.
This little rechargeable vac is just what I needed. Picks up great, it's lightweight and stays charged long enough to get the job done. I use it on tile and laminate flooring and some small area rugs. Very satisfied with this product.
Delivered on time and the heater is perfect for my bedroom. Thank you!
I bought this to transport and store camping supplies. I needed something sturdy enough for cast iron cookware and other heavy items, and this bag is perfect! Straps are durable and large enough to carry over your shoulder. It's a bit larger than I imagined, but that's a plus!
This throw is really soft and washes up great! Nice size for relaxing and watching TV. Unfortunately, my cat has taken it over so I'll need to order another one. This would make a great gift!
I like it very much, the quality and the packaging are very delicate, and the seller is very careful. The candle can be completely burned out. I use the essential oil of lavender, so I can't smell the smell of the candle!
Beautiful frame. Works perfectly for what I purchased it for. Love it!
great for bathroom items, also candles, etc.
Excellent product. Great magnification, great light. Works perfect. Case is cheap though and I expect the case will break pretty quickly. 2 pack is awesome for the price! I still highly recommend even though I'm disappointed with the case. I little zipper case would be so much better than a plastic one.
Absolutely love this product! I had a large wall space to fill in my daughter's bedroom and wanted something pretty, but different. This was it! So easy to put them up on the wall and they look like they are high quality, despite being so much cheaper than other options. Would definitely recommend these butterflies!!
Came fast but honestly haven't even taken out of wrapper
Runs big but it does its job and looks great on my sewing machine.
Comfy, great quality
Made my event very sparkly in the centerpieces, just enough with 1 string, would be able to add more if needed to any decorating theme
Did not like that you have to purchase almost every project and even Fonts to use. Loved that the bundle came with everything to start your projects with.
I love it! It was exactly what I needed for my coffee bar!!!
I did not think I would like this but I love it! It makes me super happy! Love the colors and the design. Very happy with my purchase.
Easy to handle, fits in my laundry closet, is the perfect size, light weight & it is a pretty color too. I like it!!!
This is exactly what I was looking for
Is very attractive and nice gift for a hair salon.
We use these filters for our Camp's water system. They work very well.
Beautiful and unique. Love them on laundry room cupboards. Did a mix and match, no two alike
The sheets smelled fantastic!
A bit big and heavy but works just fine.
Very cute pillow case looks just like my pitty girl Willow. The material is durable and canvas like. You will like this pillow case the colors really POP! Just remember this is just the case so you need to have a pillow to cover or the pillow fill. :)
The decanter is very good quality based on other producta I looked in to.Love it! That was beautiful wine decanter to used for my life.
Very pretty but smelled bad.
Excellent robotic vacuum, have bought a couple more as go gifts. I recommend it. Thanks.
These decorations are easy to setup from the box. They included several stickers to choose from. The colors are vibrant and both the tins and the plants are constructed well. The white stones don't look like enough at first but end up being plenty between the 3 plants. Once assembled these look quite real! Very pleased with my purchase!
It is perfect! Exactly what I needed. The online description fully described what I received. I appreciate not having to unplug my mouse in order to connect my thumb drive or my phone charger. I can keep everything plugged in and work.
I have been looking for a 2-story shower rack, I bought this, no regrets! Easy installation, strong suction, excellent quality, and reasonable price. It has a large space and fits all my shower supplies. There were no more bottles on the bathroom floor. Look great and keep your bathroom clean and tidy.
Looks really cute on the wall.
great sheets... Will definitely purchase again. Wish you had the ones I wanted though
Arrived promptly. Exactly what I wanted.
Love that I now have a nice area in my new laundry room to store my iron and the iron board without taking up a ton of space.
Great product! just what I wanted!
Had to get this to put in my older dogs bed because of bladder issues. I was afraid it would be noisy when he moved around on it but it is fairly quiet. Covers his bed well so if he does have an accident I just have to wash the blanket. And, with 3 rescues of my own, I love helping out!
Durable, light, excellent price, no sharp edges and drawer sizes hold a lot.
Products were received in good condition and with fast delivery. Beautiful colors for my Chinese knot earring projects.
I am absolutely obsessed with these covers. They're everything I imagined and more. Pillow can be so expensive and these covers fit my pillows perfectly and this pattern will carry me all the way through fall and winter. 🖤🖤
Very cute and not too bulky.
This was the first couples shower I have ever given so I was a little concerned about the guys and games but even the guys loved it! I love the fact that there are multiple winners and there is no physical activity as not all are capable or competitive.
Love it! Quiet, I have the ability to control how long it stays on electronically, and very sleek. We have a person that smokes in the house, and our home no longer smells of stale smoke.
Unique design, great quality, and I love that the dish comes out if the stainless steel frame for washing.
These are buy far the best floating shelves I've ever purchased! They even come with the screwdriver! I've mounted my daughter's expensive porcelain dolls on them with confidence...no problem. Beautiful wood.
I love these shelves! So easy to hang up and they look great!
Very good quality and very cute
First let me start by saying that this product is very easy to install, no mess to clean. Just pick the window you want to cover, measure, take the back paper and stick in place. Looks beautiful and gives you the privacy you need.
Love this item!!! It makes my room so beautiful & gives it so much life 😂 my kids loves it too so I'll definitely be buying more for my kids lol
Put these on the legs of a teak shower bench. Nice firm clear rubber.
Not sure what they mean by sound absorbing, but works well for light. Hopefully the pictures help give an idea of how well they work (despite my phone brightening the darker photos). Unfortunately I got too short of a curtain, but if I had the ideal length, they would pretty much completely black out the room.
Absolutely beautiful figure and less expensive than buying from Disney. I love Disney but I like to save every penny I can. Very pleased with this purchase.
Works exactly like it's supposed to.
Great product and easy to use. Just wish battery would last longer before having to charge again
These are well made and I love the different colors. They are really strong and don't stretch out of shape with use.
Easy to assemble and looks really nice.
I really love these candles. They are unscented, as promised, and leave no wax. What I loved the most about these candles is that there is no leftover wax to clean up and very little smoke that the candle produces. From my personal experience, the burning time for one candle is 1 1/2 to 2 hours.
It's plugged in under my kitchen cabinets. The is no need to turn bright lights on!
Nothing fancy, but it holds a lot.
It's just as advertised. It's a beautiful addition to our back patio and pool area and couldn't be more happy!!
Great loupe for the price. Reasonably good color correction for the large lens, and good enough eye relief without scrunching up on it. The light is a nice touch.
These are great pillows! I was really confused when I received my package because the box looked way too small to have 2 pillows. But they are actually shipped in a vacuum sealed bag and are pretty flat. Once you cut open the bag, the pillow begins to suck in air and comes back to life. I suggest a little fluffing and ruffling of the pillow to really fill it to its full potential. The pillow is very soft, but not to the point where you have no support while laying. It is also very breathable, and I felt cooler than I had with my previous pillow. For this price to get 2, it's a great deal and well worth it. I would recommend these to others for sure.
Was easy to fit on the mattress and really passed the "quiet" test.
Love this product! Fits perfect in the space I needed it for! Assembly was pretty easy if you have an extra set of hands to help it would make assembly VERY easy. I would buy another one of these I love it so much!
I ordered this pillow for my husband but I absolutely fell in love with it. The first one we got was amazing. I ordered another one and when it arrived it was much softer than the original one. I called Amazon and they said to return it and they would send another but unfortunately the second one was just a soft. The firmness is what was so therapeutic. I'm not sure if they changed the manufacture of the foam or what 🤷🏼‍♀️
I use it in my classroom. It is always on the white board and the students are used to looking at it. It is loud enough to cover their conversations.
Nice kit. Kids loved it. The paint is easy to wash. Great for the price.
Very nice not as dark but light box is still helpful
I bought one and liked it so much I ordered a 2nd one. It took shape quickly when opened. I followed instructions. I found there was no oder but still aired it for the 48 hours. Very pleased with my new comfort enhancers for a restful sleep. Yes! Try it you will like it!
For less than it cost to have the repair shop even look at it, this restored my aging roomba to like new. I actually took apart the old one and noticed dust had packed in around the motor and circuits, probably what caused it to burn out in the first place. But this was very easy to swap in (about 8 screws holding the housing and it snaps in, no electrical connections to mess with), it fits snugly, and cleans like the original. I would strongly recommend periodically removing the unit and cleaning it with compressed air, if I'd done that with the original I probably wouldn't have burned it out to begin with. But this looks very easy to clean if you open it back up.
Great product and value! Would purchase again!
Bought as a gift but kept them for myself!
I love to draw with my grand children and this is perfect for that play time activity. It very white and lovely smooth surface for the children to express themselves.
It's a dehumidifier. It works well.. Need I say anything else?
These are great. They work perfectly. Much better than those silly "made on TV" ones that you punch through the material and that then dig into your pants.
This product is exactly as described and fit our King Platform Bed perfectly. Very nice material and loved the way it is wash, dry and put on the bed, no ironing needed. I would order this item again if I ever need it in a different color.
Very impressed with the quality for the price! I would buy again.
Works great. Use it daily, it's still holding up. Great product.
I was hesitant to purchase this pillow from the varying reviews but took a chance. The day it arrived I immediately washed the cover and allowed the pillow to sit out over night. I slept on it the second night and I really like it. There was no smell. Very similar to a memory foam bed it seems to allow the pressure from your head to cradle it in way that it doesn't completely flatten the pillow but offers support.
Exactly as depicted on Amazon presentation page.
Used on my arch for my wedding worked out great
Beautiful and good quality
This is my favourite size sketch pad. Very portable. Quick pictures. This arrived quickly and in perfect condition.
Beautiful looking with user friendly settings.
Quick shipping. Product perfect condition.
Love these! Small but perfect for my kitchen/dinning area. True to colors. Vibrant but not overpowering accent.
This is the ultimate slicer for hard to cut cold/firm apples. With the big sturdy handles you can really lean into it over a cutting board. I'm 6'4” 280lbs and haven't broken it.
This is the second set that I've purchased because I was very pleased with the first set. They are made of a great fabric and fit the way a fitted sheet should fit. I highly recommend them to others.
We bought this for our 5 month old, it works great. I've had multiple mommas ask where we got it, and they've ordered it on the spot!
She loved this. Perfection
Love these fasteners! I used to use the comforter clips but the clips would come undone and the comforter would be totally messed up inside the duvet. These pins hold the comforter in place well. Highly recommend them!
I was skeptical about this considering some of the other reviews on here but everything was good. It came with mounting brackets and no broken glass.
The size was good but the material was thinner than i anticipated. It's still super soft. It's just not as snuggly as i would have liked.
This is VERY sticky and works great!
very good,with comfort
These make perfect storage for novel sets in my classroom.
Works like a charm! It's worth the investment. For use with sewing more thicker fabrics and more than 3 layers of cotton fabric.
Easy to follow instructions. Painless cutting... when when with a seam so used straight razor. Looks expensive!
This is very very shick. It looks great on my patio. I am a chain smoker and i love it
I just loved it. Great material, great edges, and super shiny. It is exactly what I expected. Very elegant.
For years I have been hanging clothes to dry in the door jambs. These save so much space and makes hanging clothes to dry a lot easier.
This is the machine I wanted it. It is made for a starter user like me. Very easy to use it. Good quality and only takes a small storage space. Excellent product
Well packed and looks good.
Found Amazon to have the best-valued price for the DA29-00020B water filter I needed for my refrigerator. The exact replacement part is always the best buy.
not I wish it was just a little longer.
No issues with it and it worked great.
This purchase exceeded my expectations the material is so sturdy and durable and stays in place even without using the straps. I believe my couch is about 90 inches and so the oversized fits perfect!
We love it so far! Very quiet and cleans up great! Would recommend.
I travel a lot. This will be perfect to pack in my suitcase to have in the hotel with me. I don't have to worry if the alarm works...if my wake up call actually gets done...or if the receptacles in the room are worn out! I got my alarm clock & can plug my phone right into it! It's perfect! You won't be disappointed!
with a child at home it is quite complicated to find a good trash can I love this one because I can control it since it turns on and off and so my son can not throw anything if I turn it off since he once put my keys on one occasion in the trash now on that side I can have peace of mind and apart buy the adapter and so I do not spend my money on batteries
They are perfect, size just right Sturdy for our ornaments
Outstanding product!!!
These are fabulous. I've purchased a lot of little eggs for the Easter tree over the years and these are the best I have ever seen. Very classy looking !
Exactly what I was looking for to add to our bar. The image is sharp.
Sturdy, attractive, holds 3 rolls easily. Very pleased with product.
I wanted some throw pillows for the guest room as I had painted it a light butter yellow with black accents and buffalo check. I thought a bee theme would go nicely. Love the pillow!
Nice size. Very realistic looking.
Bought these for my son's 6th birthday party. They are well made, and very cute. They were a hit with the kids --- great purchase!
Perfect! They look amazing!
Gorgeous frame! it really enhanced the photo!
Gives my carpets a good deep cleaning each time I use this vacuum. All the accessories attach to the vacuum. The only thing I dislike (slightly) about this vacuum is that it is a little heavier than my previous vacuum.
They are good quality and look realistic in the office counter space they are being used in!
Perfect! Exactly what I was looking for. Combined with the lid and soap dispenser, it made the perfect addition to my bathroom!
I bought these artificial plant together with my artificial flowers, I put those in my vase, lovely, these plant are excellent, I cut down individual branch, so much better!
It was a gift so I don't know.
These valances are very thick and nice. Great for the price.
Soft and beautiful as pictured
Very well made sharpener for all size pencils.
This is exactly the size I needed. Not the best quality but it do works well!
My niece loved this along with the pillow.
Perfect for my projects. Thank you so much.
This shoe rack was assembled by my son. He is a master of building block and has played this since childhood. He said that the installation process is as simple as playing LEGO blocks, and even if the drawings are not used, they are assembled.
Great little ID lanyard for my daughters school ID and lunch card. Great value for the money.
This has been such a help to me. I have a very small kitchen without a dishwasher and this drying rack can be rolled up and put out of the way when I need the space. The stainless steel rods are very durable and when rolled out it will fit across the entire side of the sink. Very good deal.
Love this pillow so much, I bought one for everyone. Easy to clean and literally---a dream to sleep on.
So useful! My wife uses it every morning!!!
Gave it to my husband for his 1st Fathers Day. Looks great. You could personalize it if you purchase it through Etsy. Same price.
To compare. I have a full safe in the garage, and the humidity where I live gets around 75% fairly consistently. My old unit (rhymes with back on) kept the levels around 50%. This little unit dropped it to 40%. Much better result.
Doesn't tear your paper and you can reuse it. Sufficient for my needs. Great product.
Perfect for making my own soap. I gave some as gifts and use them in my own house. Love them. No issues.
I have been using this blanket for several months now and I can give an accurate review. It is wonderful, worth the purchase. I am glad so much care was placed in this product.
I needed to replace my 30+ year old dish drainer. I looked at quite a few and this was closest to the one I was replacing. The coated wire is a bit smaller than the old one but it's working out fine. The dimensions are almost identical. It looks great and I love it!
Necklace is as expected. Not made of cheap materials. Would fit even the smallest neck size.
Looks good and works excellent! Light is not distracting and a lot of selections. works great for granddaughter.
It shipped fast and looks better then expected
I was hesitant to order these because it's hard to predict what will fit in them. I ended up using the smaller ones for socks and small items. The larger ones were a bit tricky, but at the end of the day they've improved my quality of life ever so slightly. I think most people could find a use for these, and they're attractive.
I use these for everything. From hanging washcloths and towels, oven mitts, kitchen utensils, cleaning supplies, etc. gets stuff off my counter and out of the way. Couldn't be more ideal! These are strong, solid S hooks that aren't going to bend or break with regular use. I love that they have little caps to smooth out the rough ends and prevent stuff from falling off. They work wonderfully.
I love these scissors! I have purchased so many different kinds of fabric scissors and these are the best so far
Beautiful pattern. anxious to begin making it.
I am very pleased with these nice wood slices! All pieces were nice and round, smooth surface with a hole drilled in the top and bark on the outside. The jute was a very nice addition.
Just received. So far so good
Love these. Perfect size. Will be looking to order the next size up.
Right amount of support. Not too soft, not too firm.
I ran this fan on high for almost 3 hours. Battery life is better than advertised. It moves more air than the 7.5 inch plugin fan I have. Loving it so far.
Easy to assemble. Came with the required wrench. Solid set of tools at a reasonable price. Can't go wrong with this product.
Very nice, glad I bought it.
I love the pain free rest I get each night on this mattress! The first night I slept, I had a dream I was on water. The water was calm and soft and I Just slept there on the calm lake. I woke up more refreshed than I had in years. I will be buying another only this time a king!! Well worth it!
Soooo soft and it stays put!
Works great. Great price
Bought this airbed to replace another that leaked constantly. Was thrilled that even with 2 people on it, this bed did not need air for 3 nights. I am happy to pay extra for an airbed that will hold air and that is comfortable for my guests. Also has a remote to add air, which is a plus, but I'm happy my guests didn't need to use it. I will happily recommend this bed.
Very sweet, so much sugar stood in our room. we chose blue color because our decoration is blue but there is also pink.
I love the convenience of the container and the easiness in how the top slides and comes back together at the magnet. Very nice.
I purchased the makeup brushes for my daughter, she said they are very nice.
These work good for me
Wish it was double sided but this did the job
Bought this for my vacation and glad that I did. It smelled great. Will never travel without it again! Great travel size and discrete. Would love to try other scents!
The colors were very faithful to the image and the quality is very good as well. Very satisfied.
Great for sitting up
It said it was going to take more than 2 weeks to arrive, which was fine by me. It arrived in 48 hours!! Don't forget the D batteries
Awesome product! Love them!
Great Detail on these
These fit well. I have been using them for a few months for all kinds of cleaning jobs and they are holding up well. We are trying to reduce single use plastic and theses gloves came with no plastic wrapping.
Look great and block out the sun well.
Best shower rod I've had . So far hasn't fallen done even with wet towels . Nice looking
I received this beautiful wall hanging last week, and it is even prettier than the images show! I am hanging it over my bed, and can't wait to put it up. It is very well made, and quite large in person. Couldn't be happier with the quality or the price, definitely recommend!
I decided to test it out in my car. I clean houses so my car smells like dirty cloths after a clean. This has taken care of the lasting smell in the car.
I bought for my wife and she likes it too much
I bought two of these fans and they are perfect! Very easy to assemble, took maybe 2-3 minutes to put together. Great deal!
Beautiful and good quality just as it was described
everything the manufacture says is correct , very soft and wrinkle free ..
5 minutes to put on! So easy, looks great!
I purchased for my live Facebook jewelry parties. They are perfect! It is great to have the normal and reverse so that they can be used for any platform.
It looks like creamy and oily but it is WATER base. When I saw it the first time I thought they had send me the wrong item but just give it a try before a return it and to my surprise it was water activate and just a little goes a long way.
These are exceptionally nice considering they're probably cardboard underneath. The stitching and workmanship is really well done. I wouldn't use it to store bricks, but it's a good buy.
As expected. Great quality.
I had to let it sit overnight before it adjusted to the correct time but it has worked flawlessly since then. Very pleased with this clock.
One of favorite new Christmas pieces. This wall art is cute!! Would buy again
It really added comfort to my mattress. I wish it wrapped more down the sides with the quilting, but I knew this when I purchased.
Great coverage. True color. Stays put!
Going cordless is perhaps the best thing when it comes to vacuum. It is so much easier when I can skip inserting the plug into the wall. My wired one is stronger but I never used them any more after having this convenient cordless gig.
Great and easy to use
Worked really well to hold my bras. I like how the dividers are a bit loose so my bras aren't squished. Super easy to set up, just zip the bottom and you're good. I bought this product in particular because I only wanted bra organizers and not a whole 5 piece kit. Worked out great.
I have ordered several of these birds. I really like using them but I paint them to look like seagulls.
The corkscrew is of durable quality. Works great! Very easy to use,I will Recommend to my friend.
I bought this for my bedroom but turned out to be a carry everywhere cushion. It's soft and comfortable. I use it while watching TV, reading, and sleeping. Really like it.
High quality, reasonable price.
This robotic vacuum cleaner is so convenient. It is very easy to set. It has a Bluetooth feature that allows the robot to be controlled through my phone. Sometimes when I'm busy and don't have time to clean my house, I use this automatic cleaner to help keep my house clean. This saves me a lot of time.
I'm in love of this curtain!! My bathroom looks pretty. The material is good and the price to. 100% recommended.
All the parts seems really well made. Solid, thick metal, works great. Actually see other uses might order another set.
This bed base is easy to put together, easy to store in a closet. The open box price I got made it a great value.
It's gorgeous and I can't wait to record our memories in it.
Love it. Looks and feels exactly like the picture. It is great for winter or summer in my opinion. Would definitely buy another color in a couple months. Oh and my mom loves it and wants one.
So happy with my purchase. Nice sturdy towel ring. What I Like: 1. Durable towel ring. I guess it is strong and big enough for a large bath towel. 2. Rust free material. The towel ring is made from 304 stainless steel. Heavy metal not fake metal like others I saw. 3. They are nicely finished and attractive. 4. Come with all hardware for mounting, and 2 limited gifts. 5. Modern design, looks very sharp. 6. Installation was very easy and only took several minutes. 7. Very good price. You receive two towel rings with such a low price. Recommend !
I like this very much.
The keep out the daylight great. Takes a while for the wrinkles to go away. Good value for the cost.
Perfect looks just like the picture
Works as advertised, it does run a bit warmer then my other topper but it's not a deal breaker.
The ornaments are excellently made,Nice color and quality
They are the best. Smell is great. Long burning time.
Busy working mom loved this
This was an absolutely exquisite piece of work. She loved it! I highly recommended to any woman that you truly love. It is a treasure that she will keep and cherish and love forever.
It fit over my son's cast perfectly and no water got inside at all. Buy , you won't be disappointed.
Used outside with wreaths....was good quality...thick.
Great. It doesn't take much room. It can fit many different things . It has t a lot of room on the inside. It's also easy to assemble.
looks great waiting to use after bath is remodeled would like to know if i can use these with hand sanitizer in for wall mounted in offices?
Very good directions. So easy to apply to the windows. Looks great inside and outside. Highly Recommended!! A+
Very comfortable pillows. Hotel quality with better price.
This product was exactly as described, great quality for the price! looks amazing!
I finally got a cover for the top of my outside AC unit to keep snow and ice off during winter. Easy install, good selection of sizes. Will see as winter goes along how the cover performs, but so far so good.
This is comforter so warm and soft ,not relly heavy .it's what I wanted for this winter . This is worth the money .
These have helped my closets looks so much cleaner and more organized! I love them.
Appears to be very well made and durable. D-ring clip allows you to suspend the wreath inside the bag so that the bottom doesn't get smashed when you store it hanging. I didn't see this feature on other less expensive bags, and I think it makes it worth the extra money. I am very pleased and just ordered the same bag in a bigger size for our larger wreath.
I bought this hanging basket for my daughter who just moved into a tiny house. We both love it — the size, the unique shape, everything!
Great deal fast service
I love it because it makes very little noise it's one button push to use and it doesn't take up any space. Been using it daily and very happy.
This duvet set looks very expensive. It is prettier on the bed than in the picture. I can't believe how nice it makes my bed look. The bonus is it is oversized. Its hard finding an oversized king duvet that looks elegant and is not expensive. I am delighted.
they are good size and pretty sturdy, unless they are used for over heavy things. easy to pick up and move or load not bad for the price Thank you for that deal.
Really soft bedding. Looks nice and seems to be holding up well.
Super easy to use. Helped my newborn sleep 3-4 hour stretches at a time.
As always these do not disappoint! Third set bought. Love them.
After any trip I make photo albums for my grandchildren, and these are great.
Funny little pillow, my daughter really liked it. But it's pretty small
Everything as expected, very well packaged, saved a bunch of money, putting little led lights exactly where I want, led model twice as much
Exactly what I needed, definitely recommend. I used the cello bags to hold popcorn for party favors. I only put 2 1/2- 3 cups in each bag however, would hold much more. I used the cello with Set of 100 Popcorn Favor Boxes - 16oz Mini Paper Popcorn Containers, Popcorn Party Supplies for Movie Nights, Carnival Parties, Baby Showers and Bridal Showers White - 3 x 4 x 3 Inches - Also sold on Amazon
Love the pillow cases, great quality material. The colors are very vivid, I'm extremely satisfied with these purchase!
Beautiful skirt. The quality is nicer than we expected. Looking forward to having it adorn our home over the holidays.
I have wanted these sheets since I saw them several years ago and finally decided to buy them. They are crisp and cool which is what I wanted and the flower print always makes me feel happy. The color has not faded after several washes.
Exactly as described worked great for my project
Delivered on time and material is great!
Gorgeous items. Fast shipping, easy payment & very good quality. LS
We were looking for a small wine rack. This one is very nice. Easy to assemble and is very sturdy with a few wine bottles sitting on it. A great value for the price.
Super cute, a little smaller than I expected, but can't beat the price.
They work fantastic.
I love this!! so easy to put together. getting these as christmas gifts this year!! every girl needs one!!
These are great all around.
Took a bit to figure out how to do it without dumping the water - but worked great and will get more for the bridal party.
Thought this was going to be a waste, now I cant live without it. Super sturdy!
i'm happy with this product
This little steamer has been such a convenience! IT has been so nice to have it to take with me on the go. It doesn't take up much space at all and fits nicely in my suitcase, so I can take it easily on business trips!
This is not super high quality, but it is really good for the cost if you are just looking for something different in your bathroom for summer. Lots of different colors to choose from to accent.
Very good, holds everything I needed it to.
Super soft. Very big. Hat is removable. Son loved it! Would recommend
This is great to have on hand when wrapping presents! Makes every gift pretty!
Using the unit to store yarn and knitting materials. Ideal for this. Also, not at all unattractive in our apartment living area.
Very well packaged, it arrived faster than I expected. The quality of the article is excellent.
Very beautiful and good quality mirror for the price. I would not hesitate to buy the same mirror again for future remodeling projects.
These towels are very high-quality and they're at their best after a few washes.
Love this in my classroom!
Just what the kids wanted for slime!
These are really wonderful. The design allows both the liner and the curtain to hang at the right length inside and outside my tub.They look nice, hang well, and slide beautifully. I love them.
Soaked in nice and provided the water barrier needed. No need to waste money on the expensive stuff. This does the job.
Great learning tool for my kids. They love the map. I love that it's teaching them all the countries and stuff. They love learning about a new place every week
Super comfortable and fresh. It helps me stay cool throughout the night allowing me to soundly without tossing and turning.
Good size..perfect for what I needed
Bought as gift and got great remarks about it.
This cover is a wonderful upgrade from the blanket we were previously using to protect against dog hair.
These are really great...a very good bale making/wire designing tool. Very well made, too.
Nice little pump that arrived the day of our first camp out. Pump is not quite as fast as a corded pump but so handy! No need to inflate item in car and cart to tent. The deflate on the pump was really quick though! Also so handy to get all air out to be able to fold inflatable! This is just a great addition to any campout.
These sheets are beautiful. Washed great and are so comfy!
Molds make both good jewelry and eye-catching pieces for the larger pieces in the kit. Sellers are very kind.
I ordered grey and got white! which I didn't want White.
Very handy! Lightweight. You do need to even out the weight on both sides or it will tip.
This was a gift. I like that it is easy to read and gives all the needed information. Thinking about buying another.
Looks really great and seems very sturdy. We extended it to about 115 inches and had no problems.
Love this stool. have in different heights. Slide and store anywhere.
Cute crocheted pillow. I put it on my couch with several Christmas pillows and it looked great. Very pleased with this purchase.
This is an amazing tree - much higher quality than I expected to be honest. For only $18 I'd but 2 - one for each kid so they quit arguing over ornaments :) My kids love it and the ornaments are adorable!
Exactly what we needed at a great price!
Super cute and super soft. Definitely worth the purchase. It made a great gift.
This is like no other mirror!
Arrived in great condition. All the zippers work and no holes in the materials. Works great.
This is a great product. The design of this product contributes to a full support of the head. Very comfortable!
Great for the environment too.Easy to clean.take anywhere would definitely recommend.
It can easily get accessed by my phone, it works smoothly. More user friendly design compared with those old version whcih can just get controlled by a remote.
Using these for dying with ties as a craft to use as gifts. Good price and works well.
Just the right size and very pretty. They are perfect for my live sales! I love them.
Very nice detail and bright colors.
This is a great cover! My 14 year old son picked it out. I was a little worried because the price is very affordable. The quality is great, the graphics are exactly as advertised. I am very please with this purchase.
These charcoal packs are great. I put one in my truck, my living room and basement. They are self contained and convenient. Neat little product.
Better than those Walmart clear liners
Great item for the price and great quality. Bought the red set and they're exactly as pictured. Would highly recommend buying these.
These dispensers are very pretty. The wide mouth opening allows for adding small accent for decorating.
Love them. Not too thrilled with having to sign for them but love the product
A great price and the colors are vivid and nice. I use them on watercolor paper to be a cheap alternate to alcohol inks.
Incredibly soft and very warm.
It has a pretty big chamber so refilling happens infrequently. Has a wide band of humidity output. Takes up a bit of space on my night stand and is in desperate need of a cleaning with vinegar.
Very comfortable pillow. So awesome how it can be adjusted to fit everyone.
Skip the $200 chairs and don't waste your money on anything more expensive than this. Its very well built using beefy fasteners. Easy to assemble given how much the components weigh, which is well received given the all metal construction. The padding on the flat part of seat is pretty adequate. The padding on the leg bolstering could be a little bit softer for my liking. All in all, its significantly better than the $100-200 chairs. I would imagine since they have a lifetime frame warranty, they probably build it strong enough so that you don't have to use that warranty. Took me a bit to find the right configuration that was comfortable to me, but its nice that you get that adaptability. One thing I found when assembling this was the arm rests can be adjusted on the seat base to move laterally. This way if you like them right up on your side, you can do that, or if you like them further away/you are wider than average, you can also adjust them outwards. So 4 position adjustable. Just wish they went up taller, they are probably fine for 6' and under. But not tall enough for me. For reference I'm 6'2" and 300lbs. Fits well and the construction feels rock solid. No squeaks (yet) and no flexing. Well worth the price.
Used this paper to make albums. Works great.
I like the smell of those candles! It makes me feel relax. It very good product for me!
Love this cord! Excellent quality and great value! I used to get my cord from the craft stores with coupons but this is the one I am going with from now on.
This is a great shower curtain - very well made and looks great with my gold and cream vanity.
I use them for burgers, they're perfect. I also cut them in half to separate sliced deli cheeses.
Nice quality of sheer.
Works well. Be sure to use pigment ink.
Beautiful, super soft and stays put on my sofa bed
Absolutely fantastic boxes for special gifts. I used voile ribbons to set them off.
I have been using it a lot. It's very handy!
Love it, best frame for the best price. Already bought another.
Arrived on time, Product is as described
Exactly what I was looking for. Works great. Very happy with this product.
Quick charging. It's so helpful to have 2 ports, since I spend a lot of time in my car. I can charge my phone and tablet at the same time.
I love this little lightweight box. It did come with a bit of warping, so the bottom edge has a bit of a gap, which I'm sure would have been corrected by the seller had I notified them of an issue. (I simply forgot to address it in a timely manner).
I like this patch very much. My friend is a private pilot and I am going to see it on to his jacket
Like this mattress topper. So comfortable makes you fall asleep soon after you rest on the mattress.
Perfect for arts and crafts for my preschool class.
This tapestry is just as vibrant and playful in person as it is in the picture. I actually don't know where I want to put it just yet. I've had it on my coffee table, my bed, my couch. My two year old daughter was wrapped up in it watching cartoons. I finally just hung it on the wall. For now. The material is really light but still thick enough to hold up to being yanked around by toddlers. The edges are stitched all the way around. So it's not just a piece of fabric chopped into a square.
I recently bought these pens for my 5 year old. He loves it so much that he will draw for hours!!. The bristles are really soft and he actually feels like he is painting. There are a variety of colors and it colors very well!! And it also came with a set of drawing paper!! The only thing I did notice is the ink can transfer to your skin real easily, but other than that I highly recommend!
Purchased for the faucet I purchased that came without a base plate
Product is just what I was looking for and it arrived early
Came in excellent condition and arrived about a week early. Movie came with everything advertised as well as a few extra photocards. Would definitely buy from this seller again!
Good quality and appealing tabletop tree
I loved these chair covers perfect for events. I am a satisfied customer
Arrived quickly and on the promised condition.
I read the reviews on this Palm and they were right on. Well made, easy to assemble, is dark green, looks good, and is a decent price.
Overall very happy with these, cute and funny.
I was a little nervous buying this fabric with out seeing it. I used it for a headboard that I made and it looks great. Nice service.
Bought this a little while ago and just used for clients... I will be purchasing more!!! This too would be a lovely gift. Luxurious...simply lovely... you won't regret buying this blanket!!
Great product at a reasonable price. Delivered well packaged with all directions included. Assembled in minutes and worked better than expected.
Very pretty item. The seller shipped it out immediately
Great product and as described.
This blanket is soft and keeps me really warm. I ordered a king size and it's a great fit. Wish I had bought one for each bed in my house
Simple, compact and fairly precise!
These are the BEST storage bins! So sturdy! I've wasted so much money on flimsy ones and these are awesome.
I had initially planned to return this. I bought another steamer which I thought would work better. Boy, was I wrong! Now even though we have two other steamers in the house, my son & I fight over this one! Hands down the best clothing steamer we found!
The color is so beautiful! ! It does a great job of darkening the room so easier to sleep
really cute and i used it as a cake topper
Giving to my 4 year old for Christmas! She will love it
Really easy zipper and so soft! Easy to load in and out!
These were adorable little sunflowers, I glued to a lollipop stick and decorated these cupcakes. They have lovely detail.
These are great looking slices of wood, we've just refurnished our kitchen and wanted something basic, they're lovely!
Easy for placement and enough to self up most of my kitchen
The embroidered floral design on these sheer's really adds character to the living room window curtains.
I used this product to block a large needlepoint piece. Other blocking mats were too small. This worked well. Thank you!
I bought 4 of these, one for each bathroom (2 for our master bathroom) They fit up to 4 toothbrushes and a tube of toothpaste each or a combo of razor and toothbrushes and toothpaste. They look very nice and great for the price.
Worked great for my students school store.
I sincerely love this product. it'z big enough to contain the water. itz exactly the right size that i am looking for. Also, i do like the overall quality and the design. it seems like it's pretty durable and the function fit what i need. itz good to have it in the basement area and bathroom. it helps absorb the humid and keep all the places away from humidity.
My son is gonna love this. When I got it in I couldn't wait to test it out and it works great! I hate getting up to wake him up so this is gonna be a perfect gift
These are beautiful rhinestones & the size is just right for my nail bed.
Arrived very quickly. Item is soft and easily fit and seems to be well made. Thank you!!
They were perfect for the bridal shower I hosted.
Wow! No more hard water spots on glasses. Had some issues and they were resolved after speaking with a technician from Discount Water Solutions. They even sent me free test strips to make sure the water softener is working.
I loved the product. Although it didn't match with my color theme, it was a great product and I would buy from them again.
I love the two handles and the modern design. They also fit perfect in the space i needed them for. I highly recommend. and if you need to slide them you can purchase felt circles to stick on the bottom ;)
These smell amazing! Buy them you will not regret the feel quality the woodwick is a nice touch.
I used these for my massage business. These make a really nice presentation on the massage table. They're not warm enough for the winter months so I keep extra blankets on hand to throw on top of a client. These will be the perfect weight for summer. I'll be buying more! Also, I don't know if this always happens, but there was a little sachet of dried lavender flowers in the package <3
Love the orange. Really adds a zing to bath. Also bought 5 ft chenille orange bath rug.
The color matches closely with the photo which is great. Nice quality material and good black out.
Keep photos safe when you store them, as suggested by the experts. The gel packets keep moisture from harming your photos. When they are saturated, simply renew them in the microwave, as per instructions. Enough to last a lifetime.
I bought this basket to store blankets in. Was looking for a larger basket at a decent price that wasn't flimsy and this fit the bill. I was a little worried about it being oddly shaped or not being able to stand up after shipping flat but the bottom made it stand up just fine on it's own and with the blankets inside it is perfect. I have one tie blanket and three smaller throw blankets inside.
Great containers very useful! Also keep food fresh! Love the lid and how it has the lock on top.
Very nice, strong clips
Very good product. I'm pleased with them. They come individually wrapped, also!
Super cute! Great material nice and soft, the spider looks well made. I've had compliments on it .
It's very helpful to have this machine because we can do the vacuum faster and relaxing
This ornament is absolutely exquisite and it comes secured in a beautiful Hallmark box! Simpy gorgeous presentation! I highly recommend this ornament.
I've never had back problems until I started working my job. But this thing actually works now I don't have any pain.
A bit on the louder side but I would not expect much from a fan at this price. Gets the job done.
I live in an old apartment in South Carolina, and so have poor insulation and air circulation. My bedroom is upstairs and gets very hot in the summer. I bought this to help alleviate the heat by removing some humidity, and it has definitely done its job. It's quiet, discreet, easy to empty, and handsome. I am very happy with it.
Easy to use. Works great!
Very vibrant colors and soft bedding. Great quality comforter.
I love! Quiet and I think my air quality in my main living area is better. Recommend
My own fault for not reading the description and dimensions but I was looking for something bigger. Looking at the actual product it is very well made and flexible without being flimsy. I am already thinking of fun things to so with this product including play doh play.
Great for little hands to paint with.
Awesome colors and great quality. Will buy again.
Very very comfy. I'm in love with my bed now. Recommend it!!!
These sheets are soft, thin, and light weight. Perfect for my husband as he is a hot sleeper even with the air conditioner running. Loved that the pillow cases fit my queen size pillows. Most queen sets come with standard size pillow cases. I will be getting another set to use during the summer months.
I love them look great combined with my white sheers as my bedroom them is blue and white
Great gadget here. Bought this to replace a similar model that died after several years. This one is even better! It's aesthetically pleasing so iII don't have to go out of my way to hide it. Love that the top twists off and serves as a foil cutter. When in use or charging, its has a neat blue led light. Kinda gimmicky....but cool none the less. Charges quickly and you get several uses prior to having to recharge. Wouldn't hesitate to buy again.
This is a wonderful purchase for someone with a vision problem. It is sturdy and very clear even on the magnified size.
Exactly what I wanted
Product is exactly what it says
It is beautiful, light weight and will be so much easier to wash than bulky bedspread we used to have.
Love the size. Prevents me from overloading it that always results in being unable to lift the load! Just my size!
very cute when done. Wish welcome sign would have been beaded.
I bought this for my kids. The light comes on 30 minutes before the alarm starts. It is nice you can also turn the light on and use as a lamp. This isn't too big so it doesn't take up much room. The light changes different colors the kids like that.
Purhase to replace my older tower fan. Very pleased!
Good little heater! We love that it has an adjustable temperature setting because the nights are getting colder but not super cold, so we set at a warm temp until the freezing nights, we set hotter. The fan is moderate noise but not too loud that we can't sleep. Better than other ones we've used.
Amazing product, the dryer works amazingly. Had a little problem and the product support was friendly and fast
But very hot. A great value for your money!
Perfect size. Easy to use. Inexpensive!
The pens are worth the money.
Have never had a pillow this nice. It smells a little weird when you open it but it washes out and is so easy to clean and beyond comfortable. I will Be buying more!
Strong and sturdy basket that can be used for laundry or storing toys. I purchased the largest size to use for toys such as stuffed animals and plushies. It was cuter than a plastic bin. Holds up well even if not filled. Doesn't collapse. Material is thick and durable. Handles allow for easy carrying. Adds a nice touch to our playroom!
Made good photo piece for rings
It is in my sofa now and it is so nice! thank you
Cute good quality on smaller side but as described
I bought this for my 5 year old son who loves the planets. We hung it by his bed and he loves looking at all the planets and reading the facts!
The dinosaur looks real
I chose this clock because I wanted to put it in my guest room, which I call my vintage room. It has a look of vintage and really looks good. I have not had any problems with this click...works great and looks great!
I love this! Holding up well against my mutts so far. Looks great. Turned my jenky ass inexpensive futon into a luxury item.
Great product! It's super cute & works easier than I thought it would. It also has plenty of space for those who have an assortment of writing utensils. The only drawback is it tips over easily.
So I read the reviews before buying and honestly I don't understand the negative reviews. First off this shoe rack is under $10! Keep that in mind so no its not going to hold a million shoes and its made entirely from plastic. As you can see in my picture I have a couple pairs of boots and I have more shoes on there than recommended. I have a bunch of sandals at the bottom. It took me all of 3 minutes to put together. It's sturdy and it does exactly what it said it would: hold shoes. If you have a bunch of high heels or tall boots this might not be the rack for you. But if you're like me and have a bunch of sandals and flats this is perfect. I'll buy at least two more as I have tons more shoes. All in all for $10 you can't complain!
My new best friend these days. I'm enjoying using this one. Wonderfully working well.
Arrived on time and was what I expected
Perfect for what I needed it for. I would buy it again. I used it to cover the mirrored closet doors in my bedroom. The iridescent colors and pattern is beautiful.
My teenager is a huge Lego collector and he loved getting this in his Easter basket to put all of his prized figures in. Mounts easily on the wall
I ordered one to try it for my business. I love it and even had some customers commit. Now the price is almost twice the original price and I won't be able to offer the lazy susans with this base. Shame. But it's a great product!
Solid, good quality, very useful product! Never get lost in a mess of lint again--simply put the lint in the lint bin, stuck to your dryer or hung on the wall. No more need to have an extra garbage can near the laundry either! Space saver. I highly recommend!
This Dream Catcher is Beaitiful in my living room. My mom wanted me to use peacocks but this is peacock feathers with something unusual in it... the dream catcher! It adds colors to the colors that I am using and I do not have to be life everyone else. It came perfect as description was described and was here fast too! This is a great accent in any room.
I use this tool a lot since I got it
Exactly what expected. Well packaged and very quick shipping. Thanks
I live in a small apartment. My bedroom is carpeted, but the rest of the apartment has vinyl floors that are quite easy to keep clean. I used to take a bucket of soapy water and get down on my hands and knees to wash the floors and then wipe them clean with towels. This is hard on both my back and my knees, so I was looking for a good mop to make cleaning my floors easier on my body. The handle of this mop is easy to adjust to the proper length, and it worked better than I ever expected. It rotates easily so that it can get into corners, fit around furniture, and even slip under cords lying on the floor. I simply used a spray bottle filled with a mild solution of soapy water and sprayed a section of floor, then used the microfiber mop head over the floor a few times and then moved on to another section. After finishing all of the floors I removed the microfiber pad and hand washed it in the kitchen sink and hung it up to dry. I put a clean pad on the mop and then went over the floors I had just mopped to make sure the floors were completely dry and to pick up any soap residue and lint. I cleaned all of my floors faster than ever before, and it made this job so easy to do! I would recommend this mop to anyone who needs to clean any types of floors. These microfiber pads clean so well, they are easy to remove, and replace. I will never get down on my hands and knees again!
Very soft and never gets wrinkly. Washed 3 times so far and still feel like new! Color is perfect for our bedroom. I am thinking of getting another one for stock.
I used this in my closet as shelf liner. Smells divine!!
perfect for my quilts
So pretty and packed to be gifted. The kids are super into Harry Potter and they love these because of it. Great guy!!
Ordered these in hopes of my child sleeping in later in the morning. Worked like a charm! I usually have to wake her up now.
Amazing softness. Looks beautiful.
Not only does this clock remind me of days gone by, it is very beautiful. The alarm works so well,it even wakes my grandson, who is a very deep sleeper. The color is fantastic. Love this clock and am very well-pleased.
Was purchased for my Mom to hang it in her basement over the circuit breaker box. Looks great
I love how easy it is to use and it came quickly
I use these knives for building Gundam Models and for weeding and cutting vinyl decals. The thin ruler works really well as a straight edge!
Oil Diffuser. This is really nice lovely colours and the oils make the room smell lovely would definitely recommend this item love it.
I was happy with the pattern and look of the bed set but I didn't know it was going to be so soft and comfortable! Super happy! I love it
I used this for an awards ceremony. Perfect, Professional seller super fast shipping
I have sciatica problems and sleeping comfortably has been hard.This super lumbar pillow has helped me with this problem. I'm glad I bought this product.
It worked perfectly for what I needed. I was layering them and the drop was perfect..
This little guy (and it is pretty little) is sooooo beautiful!! the lights are so vibrant and have sooo many settings. kids love it!
Product is as was described.
It helped me much,my 5 year old son was having a hard time getting up on school days and staying in bed on weekends.We purchased this alarm and used it on the weekend first. He was to stay in his room and play or read books until the alarm goes off. It worked! Then, on school days, he is to get up when it goes off. We remind him at night what day is next (weekend or school day) and he shuts the alarm off all by himself. He was able to choose the color of the light and the alarm sound. He has so much power to chose and gains some independence.
The only downside is the need to drill holes in the wall, but the product is worth the price and looks great, can hold decent weight.
Helps so much. great support but also flexible
exactly as advertised
Order went smoothly, received order quickly and product was as described. No complaints! Thank you
I needed to replace an existing hamper that I use specifically for the countless socks our house has. This hamper is awesome. It was exactly what I needed and I plan on buying another one for travel. It's a great size, durable, and has a pocket on the side which adds to storage capability.
This pillow cover is great quality and very pretty. Looks very high end
More then what I wanted to spend on cushions but product is great
These are working great to organize my scarves. The previous ones I bought were plastic, and unfortunately broke after just a week or so. These are perfect. Marie Kondo would approve I think! :-)
These curtains hang beautifully. They look great
Fits on door nicely and very secure. Doesn't scratch or leave marks which is hard to find in some coat hangers. Right now mine is holding about 8 costs/jackets/sweaters and doing just fine! Plenty of room to close the door with no issues.
I love this company - great prices and quality. Have bought three products from them.
Great size for a single room, can last a whole day. I use it in my son's room for his noses. It's super dry in winter, and this item helps.
I bought this for my daughter who is turning 1. I want to do pictures in our mini studio. It fits her perfect. It also fits our 3 year old too. She even loves putting it on the dog to wear. It comes with 1-5 so you can use it year after year or you can use it for many children. I love the pink and it is well made and seems like it will last.
These sheets are comfortable and seem pretty heavy duty.
Great product, bought an adult size for my sister and she loves it. The blanket is super soft and warm. I will for sure by this mermaid tail blanket again.
The box worked great for my son's baptism party. I will be able to use it over and over again since it's so simple and pretty. It was also very easy to assemble.
It's soft material which cover my pain area. My doctor recommended it for my feet. So I went amazon and bought it. It works good.
I have kids grandkids cats and dogs. I probably have owned every cover at one time or another but these were great. Fantastic fit. Great coverage. Perfectly match couch loveseat chair and recliner. And easy to put on
Timely service...packaged where it was not bent. Great item!
Perfect to fill up some wall space, and very calming to look at.
Very pleased with the quick shippment of the product.
I really love this!!!!
Looks amazing. I bought a crystal ball for my son and that adds a lot of bright dots, but the rainbow's were somewhat minimal. This this on the other hand shoots out rainbow for days. Makes life a bit more colorful, literally.
Very nice size for sharing ashes. Very good quality. Very heavy for the size.
I bought these to put in a couple of cabinets -- one is a corner cabinet into which everything gets crammed, and I have to get on a stepstool to sort through when I need something. Putting the large turntable in there solved this problem. I like the non-slip surface and bottom on the turntables, and once they are in place and loaded up they turn easily and seem very sturdy. I think they are attractive, but would probably prefer one made of wood if I was going to display it.
LOOOOVE! If you own a cricut and want to engrave metal this is the product you need! It's so simple to install and use
This was a gift my sister and I bought for our sister-in-law. According to her she loved it, light weight, cozy and soft.
These charms are very cute. Love them. I am using on making my own pet collars.
I am afraid my chronic pain which for some reason, my pain increases when humidity pressure increases. I use humidifier and it decrease the humidity, even it's raining. I chose the one because of the size, weight, price and ease of use.
Nice product the sheets fits
Set is packaged well and arrived promptly. Oil receptacles are sturdy; covers on each receptacle keep set neat--no spillage until time of lighting--great!
Love the color of this bath mat, matches my bathroom perfectly. It rolled out easy , was thick and of very high quality and stuck to the tub nicely. Fit my tub dimensions exact.
These are exactly as described and they match the sheets that were recommended to go with. Thanks
This is a great wine rack. Very sleek and classy looking. Great gift for wine lovers.
I had mounted a regular curtain rod slightly above my blinds because they're ugly and I hate them. The issue was finding curtains that were the correct length. I got these brackets and now the curtains are the perfect length!
Comfortable doesn't lose its shape
I use this at work because it's always freezing. I just with the cord was at the bottom.
Its pretty and kids love it
It is very durable, easy to clean, and it helps keep the arms of my love seat clean. I would highly recommend this product.
They arrived on time, in great condition and fit excellently over my queen pillows! Very Satisfied.
Great value and a comfortable sheet for the price. I will be ordering more of the fitted sheets. Thank you.
I really like the decal. It went up easy and I haven't had any issues with it peeling.
it looks just like the pic, good quality. not only weight luggage, I use it to weight the package need to be mail.doing great!
The clock is cute and it's easy to use. I got it for my nephew and he loved it. It exposes youngster to time management in their early ages. Although the instruction might be complex, the clock is quite simple to use.
This is the best mattress pad I have found on Amazon and elsewhere. Note that they last about two years, give or take a couple of months. Also, they're heavy and bulky so running them through the dryer to air out will not be easy. Overall, I highly recommend this mattress pad.
It's so soft, even the insides. It's just the perfect pillow. I normally wouldn't buy pillows online but I'm glad I found these.
I love that it doesn't say Stranger Things 2 in big letters on it. Only people in the know appreciate it!
Worked great for in the sleeper section of a semi. Fit long narrow back window perfect. Used with tension rods, does well blocking out sunlight or streetlights.
This is the first flea collar my dogs have used and I am astounded at the results. I have been able to cut back on flea baths entirely for both dogs thus saving much more than the cost of the collars. Will definitely rebuy them when I have to replace them.
This laundry basket is way too nice to put my dirty clothes in! I bought it with every intention of using it as a laundry basket, but it's so so pretty, I opted to use it in my family room to put my throw blankets in. It was very easy to assemble and very nicely made. I couldn't be happier with this purchase
Very good quality. Lots of colors. Comes in a nice bag for them.
Stainless steel so it never gets a rust. Very durable. Works perfectly on steel and aluminum utensils.
Price is good, this vinyl is a little temperamental and takes a little longer under the press to adhere to fabric. And it's hard to tell the right side to cut on if you're not careful.
It holds firm ! Handles will not slide or move and I love the hooks!!!!
Love this duvet! Been searching for a inexpensive white duvet with a pattern on it, since I'm tired of my plain white one. This one was extremely easy to put the comforter in, since it has a zipper and internal duvet ties so that your comforter doesn't move around. Washed it right when I got it and it handled well. No wrinkles, but it does run a little hot at night.
Perfect fit our small kitchen and sturdy, each shelf holds up to 60 pounds and total max load weight is 240 pounds, that help to keep my small kitchen organized very well. I like the 4 omnidirectional caster wheels that make it can be easily moved and kept in place. Deep Mesh baskets- Keep items from falling out. Great product.
I wouldn't put it outside. I hang it on my front door which has a screen door in front if it protecting this from the elements. Very pretty.
Durable thread with bright colors
Work perfect in my outside containers
Was looking for a neutral textured pillow, loved this one. Feels great!
Just what I ordered!
Edited: two years in, still works great! So I bought this a year ago and we've been using it pretty much every day since then. It's been used by almost everyone in the family and it's held up great. I'm not noticing any loss of grip from the holders. It works much better than other types of tension-based holders that rely on springs. I don't want to oversell it, but with eight kids, it's definitely been put through its paces (and arguably the wringer as well) and it's done its job.
Happy with purchase. Pleased with customer service. Helpful.
Smells wonderful!! Lasts for hours.
Extremely pleased. My desktop fan just didn't put out enough to keep me cool in an extremely hot office. I'm very happy this with fan. More bang for the buck, doesn't take up much space, and more importantly, keeps me cool!
I bought this for my kids to use as they aren't quite strong enough to push the big vacuum over carpet and they LOVE it. It's super easy to use, battery lasts long and works great! I also used it to clean my car once and it just performs perfectly well! Really convenient vacuum!
work great. suction holds up well
I waited a couple of weeks to write this because most other dispensers took a week or two to show signs of rust, gunk build up around the rim, and discoloration. The packaging was.great, no issues. It arrived on time. And, I can honestly say that I LOVE this dispenser!!!!! It is a beautiful genuine mason jar design, there was a cute family-owned company tag tied on with a jute type ribbon. Cute touch. There has been NO signs of rust or gunk or anything! I am using dish soap not hand soap which always seems to damage all other dispensers. So far, this has remained exactly as it did from day one. It dispenses a good and consistent amount of soap, more than other metal soap dispensers I've had. But this has surpassed them by far. I would definitely recommend buying this and plan on buying others as gifts. Thank you to whoever finally came up with something cute and sturdy that doesn't rust!!!! An update - it's been a additional 6 months or so since I received this mason jar and I still LOVE it. Still not a spot of rust. I. Beyond thrilled with this jar.
Great buy! Came very fast and hold so much! Perfect for a beginner that needs make up storage!
It's silky and very comfortable. I bought it for my wife, but I steal it most nights.
Love it! Perfect for the picture I needed it for.
Love this duvet! The color is exactly at pictured and extremely soft! Easy to wash the the zipper closure works perfectly. So far my down comforter is staying in place inside of it. Perfect for the cold weather!
Love these dish towels, they are a great weight, absorbent and have a nice texture. They also have beautiful coloring and look great, really upped the styled look of my bland kitchen. Awesome value, 4 dish towels for the price, enough to have some in the wash and others out. My boyfriend asked me to order more so we could use them as hand towels in the bathroom as they look so nice.
Loved the sturdiness, beauty, and size (needed a small special item to put a necklace in) Loved the way they were shipped and that they were in excellent condition when I received them.
Very well made and beautiful stitching
What you would expect
Very nice, just as I imagined.
I love my stones. Some are small but I believe it's because they are hard to come by. Either way my intentions are what matters. For the price you can't beat it. Love love love
I use it in a small grow tent to keep humidity down. Works great for small spaces.
Not much to say - is the size it's supposed to be and is white and matches my cabinets. It's grippy, but not like rubber or anything. Sometimes comes up because it sticks to bowl rims and stuff.
Thé shower curtain is perfect.
Great light weight picnic blanket. Pleasantly surprised at thickness-provides a soft spot to sit.
The pictures shows the scarf beautiful. Upon receiving the package i was happy with this scarf.And then decided to wash it and see if i could get fade. Washing worked and i then tried it on my little girl.She wears so cute. It is exactly what i was looking for.Thanks
My 6 year old and I love these. They're by far the loveliest beads we own.
I bought this towel for extra long hair. It works well for absorbency. It is large.
I used the bear as a wall decor to match my children room
This was just what I needed. I used the top for my daughter's cheer trophies, and the hooks across the bottom to hang her metals. It was easy to install, comes with all hardware needed, and looks very nice. I liked it so much I ordered a second.
These tapes are very strong. I have tried using different ways to attach my rear view car camera to rear windows without success, as it fell off in a day or two . This tape solves my the problem: I tape one side on the window and secure the other side on my car camera; the camera stays solid now for a week. There are a lot of tapes for the money.
I love it everybody ask me where did I get it. it's very pretty and very sturdy and strong
Perfect to store my diamond painting diamonds.
Just installed and already been using for a few days. Super easy to put compostable items in it while cleaning up after meals. Mount is super heavy duty and sturdy, I can already tell it will last a long time. Haven't had it long enough to clean it, but being that it's just plastic, it should be an super easy clean out and then back to it's mount.
not much to say about these - they were the real deal and just as expected
Great fit on my apt full size bed...easy to put on...
This is a very nice, solid pillow case. The fabric is heavy duty and still soft. Print is clear and perfect.
Absolutely great product. Very easy to use. The value is phenomenal and I love the different sizes. Extremely happy with this purchase.
I love the fact that it can last for many years to come.
Great deal for very nice candles for our advent wreath this year. I will probably buy these again. These smell nice and burn evenly.
I only gave the light weight rating 4 stars because it's fairly heavy. It's very soft though. I've washed it several times already and it seems to be holding up well!
Beautiful cherry blossom flowers! Delicate and very well made. Color exactly like in the pictures.
Perfect for my dorm and stays on well. It's not too thin either
Great for bathrooms and laundry rooms! Very sturdy and folds up nicely!
These go great in our bathroom
Items were as described
I really love my Braava! These pads smell good and do a good job.
Super cute! And easy!
Extremely comfortable
I like it because I am going to do some cross stitch projects and it is nice that the pieces are flat not rolled
Super light weight and works very well, especially for the price point.
Since I just received my pillowcases, I don't know about durability, or how easy they'll be to clean if they get dirty. I can say that out of the package, they felt soft, and washed well.
This is capable of surviving through a whole night. It's been a lifesaver overnighting in our horse trailer when we don't have a hookup to run the AC.
fast delivery, good price and product
Great filter at an affordable price. Arrived in perfect condition and does super good job of filtering. Don't pay Sears Direct $60.00 plus postage for 3 filters. Three from Amazon cost me $9.98 for 3 filters with free shipping. I definite recommend the filters from Amazon.
Time goes by so fast it will be nice to always have a visual reminder of how small they were!
Theses are so cute and so well made. Completed my new bedding perfectly.
Very nice ,preforms great .Wonderful
Super cute. Washes well, very soft. Great for the money
Works great, nice thick lines
I love this product! The design is very cute and sleek and the product works great! Highly recommend and would purchase again as a gift.
This is a great version of the tenth Doctor's sonic! Finally they upgrade the black wire from 9 to the yellow wire 10 used in his sonic. The slightly yellow casing is attractive but a quick tip, if you have the regular grey sonic but want the blue LED and the yellow wire, you can swap cores really easily and make a great screen accurate sonic.
I use it for my school supplies next to my desk and I love it!
This bag is well made and perfect for storing smaller projects. I can tote this to work or out with friends easily. This would make an excellent gift for some of my crafty friends.
Items arrived super fast ! Perfect for my sons birthday party pictures ! Lightweight and easy to use !
Fit my unit perfectly as described. No idea why these other people are complaining. Plenty of charcoal (not stuffed full but adequate).
Basic alarm clock and price accordingly. Like how it delivers a reliable, hassle free wake up fo me cause sometimes I don't want to rely on my smartphone. Very dimmable display that's easy to read and operate with minimal controls. Easiest to use and useful for my travels!
I was a little worried because they didn't expand as much as I wanted, but it was nothing adding more water couldn't solve.
I LOVE IT!!!! ITS MORE OF A LIGHT PINK THAN THE PHOTO
Arrived earlier than expected. Good quality and easy to shape. Used it to replace aging cushions. Works well.
Wish it came bigger!
They work great, hopefully I'll never run out lol
The kids love this they have bunk beds and it works for both of them. Try it you will love it.
Does what's on the tin. These curtains are light, and do a great job at blocking light. Must be used in combination with some other curtains, as their function is to block out the light, and not to be pretty.
This vacuum helps me a lot because I have two little kids, who always make mess and leave crumbs. Perfect product and reasonable price.
Love this product seriously contemplating buying another one just for my bedroom! Its beautiful when lit up and makes a great addition to my living room.
The quilt is vibrant and light weight. Looks great!
Price in this for the versatility is out of this word. Good for so many different kids of inks, clays, and other paper crafts. Clean up is so easy, to heat directly on it...so cool and a great price!
Beautiful. I use tealight candles instead of the led lights that come w the holder. They are hanging in my windows and I use them in the evening to add that little bit of interest. They are so pretty they exceeded my expectation. They are even beautiful during the day because they catch the light and sparkle. Im very happy w my purchase.
Absolutely love this pillow case!
It was just as expected. I like them a lot. Very good wood finish.
Nice set of tools for dot painting and for clay use. Thank you
Love the storage space and always having a roll ready.
Excellent. Holds all my ties. Very durable.
Sister needed these and i found them on Amazon. Vary happy
This is great and unlike other electric die cutting machines that I've used before.
Looks great, sturdy, holds a ton of ear rings. What more could you ask for?
It's very professionally created. I appreciate the ability to customize the colors to suit my office.
Product received as advertised no problems.
These have plenty of room for your pillows
Fits my Janome machine and makes top stitching SO much easier and neater. What else could you ask for?
Perfect what what we needed. Both kids have one and they are easy for them to carry.
I really like this little cool mist humidifier. A very nice design. I've only used it a couple of times and had no problems. I put a few drops of tea tree oil in and it worked well and filled the room with scent ( I like the smells so much). The lights are so cool and nice, and it can be turned off if you don't want them. Highly recommended it!
sleek, doesn't take up much room. easy to install. I love it.
I originally purchased this towel for the beach and to use as a sarong. Turns out I can use it as a throw during the summer as well! I like the design and the material, its worth the money and a great summer staple!
This color seems good, it is beautiful.I like this 3D pen, I carry it when I am out, so I can draw when i have some creation suddenly, so I love it so much.
Amazing quality pillows for an even more amazing price! The pillows are so soft and fluff right back up when you squeeze them! Will definitely be purchasing more....especially since my 5 year old stole mine for her bed! ;)
Don't listen to the reviews regarding the rubber frame, you can't even tell it's rubber when it's hanging up! There is a seam where the rubber was fused together, but you can only see it when you're unboxing. Amazing mirror and I recommend it to anyone on the fence about buying. Just go for it!
Better quality than expected and it's beautiful! I used spray foam to place it in a large pot and then added dirt to the top.
It is a beautiful figurine and will be a lovely addition to my Willow Tree collection.
Mom absolutely loves it
Socks are cute, box is adorable
Powerful and easy to carry!
I bought this for my wife. She loved it.
Excellent product for a small area. I was able to empty one cabinet full of kid stuff. The kids seem to like it also because they can actually see what's available too! Jury is still out on if they actually but the balls back on the rack though... : )
Very sturdy and durable. I haven't used it to hang clothes out yet but I used to build a blanket fort and it held up nicely. I didn't even realize it has hooks on each end so you can wrap it around ANYTHING and hook it to itself to hold it up!
Great products! Just like the description.
Very good as gift, my nice is very happy with this gift
Sturdy and work great! Would highly recommend!
Got them for me due to my severe cervical pain. At the begging I was skeptical because they came in a vacuum sealed bag, but after the 1st use, I fell in love with them! They're so soft. I recommend to wash the pillowcase on the delicate cycle because they look like they won't withstand a regular wash cycle!
Affordable bamboo will not disappoint. The colors are vibrant and the feel is so soft. I say this as someone who lives on my bed so it matters very much that I'm comfortable. Soft as any luxury at any price. Treat yourself well.
Though never bought a replacement heads, after reading the reviews, they seem to have been very positive and useful, so I thought I'd try this. I could not complaint this replacement heads because it worked out really well more than I expected. Firstly, It helps a lot that take off my unwanted hair of my face very smooth and give me a clean touch. Secondly, when shaving my small hair quickly with no pain, no irritation or rash, just like the magic!! Yes, I loved it! packaging great too. Everyone should try!
We used these for our homemade haunted house. They were a great addition and stuck to whatever surface we needed them to stick to. We will be buying more in the future.
I dont know why I didnt get one of these before. I've traveled so many times wrinkling my outfits. I will never go on vacation without this agian. Easy to use, light weight, keeps everything organized
So happy with these beads! My daughter loves making jewelry and I've found so many different kinds of beads but they've all been so expensive. This was a great price and got over 1600 of them!! It comes with a nice storage case and also string to make a ton of things with! Would definitely buy again!!
The colors are really vibrant and rich, I love the removable mixing palette. Its a nice student grade paint, I would really recommend these paints. Would buy more Winsor Newton products in the future!
This is exactly what I was looking for,every household should have one .It hangs all my mop,brooms, dust pans, and some other small tools. Now my closet in my laundry room is neat and tidy. Especially from hygiene aspect,my mop can air dry better,no more bad odor among my house!
This sofa is cover is soft and so easy to clean. It keeps your couch clean and protects it too. If you wanna give a new look to your old couch on a budget, you need this product. The size is very accurate and fits my couch snugly. Very happy with the product.
Easy to put together. Good quality.
Have purchased several of these. Good quality at a very good price.
I love this diffuser. It works very well and it looks great. Only problem we encountered was shipping. My husband ordered one for my birthday, he waited for quite some time but it never arrived. Apparently the package was lost and the only offer made was to refund- no apology from the company nor was he able to place another order - no reason given . I ordered it from my amazon account, still delayed but it did arrive. This company makes a lovely product but they need to step up their customer service.
I love these they look great
Iam using them for oil painting and glad to had theese products..
I bought the crib size 5lb blanket for my toddler who has a difficult time napping at her school. We use it at night as well and she seems to enjoy it. School reported it has helped her nap time to be more consistent.
The product was initially delivered incorrectly as a version of the patch that was iron-on, rather than hook-and-loop. As soon as I brought this to their attention, they shipped the correct version and did not request the incorrectly delivered one back. This sort of customer service is much appreciated.
Very nice shower curtain, the material is a durable fabric, it looks a bit darker than I expected, but I liked it, the print is very clear, is worth the price, no problem hanging it, didn't smell at all and no wrinkles either, is not very thick, but I use a plastic shower lining anyway,. I'm happy with my purchase.!
Pulled plastic tab and ready to go! Works. Accurate as far as I know. I use it to monitor if I'm crazy or to see if women's winter has struck. Unfortunately, I'm just crazy according to this. Damn cubical farms.
The package was delivered and the product was not put together but was easy enough to assemble. I bought this to put under the sink in my bathroom. It currently holds hair brushes and other hair products in the bottom pull out drawer and fits them nicely. The shelf on top helped create more space and is sturdy enough to carry a few pounds. Great price compared to in-store.
It comes with 2 pieces. When I received the package, my first impression is that how can it be so light. Instantly I was starting to worry if it will be able to hold enough weight. Once set up, I tested it by sitting on every corner and the center on it, and it held up pretty well. Then I tested it with two people, around 350 lbs total, and still held up surprisingly well. That was my main concern and everything else seems quite fine. The interior is spacious. The leather on top feels comfortable. It's light enough to be portable if/when needed.
Stack nicely in my cupboard, seem flimsy. I can't imagine actually using them to tote around cans. I took the handles off so they will fit side by side in my cupboard. The measurements listed are accurate if you exclude the handle. The cans don't always roll down on their own. I didn't notice until I had already assembled most of them but there's an arrow on the top part, I'm not sure if it's supposed to point to the front or the back but I don't have them all the same way. I don't know if it makes a difference in how well the cans roll or the units stack. I don't see how it is different. Overall very satisfied. They work well for what I bought them for.
These are quite long earrings which I like. They are very pretty and trendy. These earrings are well made, kind of shiny but a little bit heavy than I thought. No biggie. My daughter didn't seem to mind at all. She loves them. They make quite a statement because of the style and the length. The earrings were stamped 925 on the bottom as shown in the pictures. If these are genuine silver, then they are great deal for the price. No problem with tarnish yet, but I know they will. Again, no big deal. You just use toothpaste to clean them up and will look new again. My daughter is sensitive to nickel and can only wear gold, silver or platinum jewelry. So far, she has not had any issues with these earrings irritating her ears.
Material is nice and strong. It hold the curtain in place and is working as intended.
Liked the product quality and presentation
I've been looking for sheets like these for awhile...I almost bought the Hilton set, very pricey, but so comfortable...these sheets make you feel like you're staying in a luxury hotel!! Combine these sheets with a high quality duvet set, and a duvet insert...you'll never want to get out of bed!!
So soft and light. Definitely a good bargain.
The box is very small, very convenient small things, small food like candy, very love it
These are so cheap but add so much in aesthetics for a party. We used them as tails for really large balloons and for inbetween a balloon arch. Turned out absolutely gorgeous at a quarter of the cost from a craft store.
Came in excellent condition.
A little small but gets the job done
I really like how well this picks up the cat hair but it is a bit difficult to open but that would not hinder me to buy again.
Once again it was what I was looking for in a good price
Very high quality! It came with a storage bag which is VERY handy to storage it! You can throw away the box, also, very easy AND fast to inflate it! It fits all my queen sheets (my older was smaller, I don't know why). Happy with this purchase!
The price was right and easy for my husband to install.
Used on tables at wedding and we put our name and wedding date on the luggage tag and a few pieces of candy inside.
Absolutely beautiful. Good quality work, but use strong mounting tape.
This vacuum is like a new couple therapist for me. After a few sessions, I'm hopeful that with her help, the relationship between the broom and I can be mended, and we'll have a brighter future together. I wish I can afford having them in every room in my house.
As described and works well
Just started knitting again and needed the #50 for a knitted bed cover. Getting all sizes was a Bonus!! Great quantity and service! Thanks!!
Product works great as described!!!
Good quality and holds alot of make up
Looks nice and has plenty of space for storage
Love it. My granddaughter loves bath bombs and is excited to make her own
They know how to make a customer happy. Got exactly what I ordered in a timely fashion along with a little bag of randoms for free. Nice surprise
I love this blanket. It's very light weight but not sheer which is perfect for layering or using in the summer when it's hot. I particularly like that the stitching that keeps the layers together are actually lots of tiny close together stitches instead of big, long ones so nothing gets caught up in the stitching. The pink color is true to the product photo and beautiful. The shams are equally nice and plenty big for thicker memory foam pillows.
I have not installed them yet. They are sturdy and very good quality.
Just as described, I love the links and the crystals! They are beautiful! Exactly what I was looking for!
As desired. Even has ties to tie it down to the bed frame.
Very nice item to collect your valuables. Finally it helped me to organize my watches and all the accessories related to them. Solid products and nicely made.
Very good quality n volume
Truth be had.....my Mother broke her wax burner that my Brother bought her.......we tried gluing the bowl back together.....some parts vaporized on impact.......I replaced it and she still thinks I fixed what my Brother gave her. Our secret.......
Beautiful !!! My kitchen 's decor is sunflower pattern .Everything in my kitchen is the sunflower pattern.
Folds up nicely, doesn't rattle around if it's perfect with my pipe in the inner breast pocket.
Great strainer, holds water well, east to empty looks great
Bought these to use for my 50th birthday party. Love love them! I get asked to borrow them for parties all the time.
The black tools are made of a good plastic and have cool designs at the bottom. The metal tools are heavy but have a nice grip. The white tools are light and have sharp edges. The roller and square piece are are a hard plastic and smaller then i thought but still really happy. And the bag fits them all.
Like this shirt I washed it three times and it still it the same
The ruler has correct measurement and it looks exactly like the picture. I can measure my body and boxes. It works well for that. Very helpful for daily life. Like it.
No complaints at all! It was what i was looking for. Arrived very fast and they look beautiful on my window. Will order again!
Use a hot iron and these will stay in place forever--exactly as advertised.
Quiet and accurate clock.
Nice product to display my handmade cards.
It's an interesting piece. I hung it in my dinning room. Not super heavy, which is nice.
Color if petal was exactly what i expected.
Very comfy, no way you freeze at night with this thing.
Amazing perfect size. Even mid day sun can't be felt indoors
I ordered these for making leather earrings and they work perfectly.
The best thing about these, besides being nice and grippy, is that they don't get all tangled and hung up on each other when removing one from the closet.
Love this fan. Cute and works well. Awesome for summer.
Love it. Going to order another one
Gave this a gift and my daughter absolutely loves it. The pictures do not really showcase how beautiful this piece it. The glass is transparent but has many subtle colors when light hits it. truly an excellent gift!
Very solid product I am very new to vinyl cutting and pretty much read reviews of different brand transfer vinyl , and this seemed the most promising. Boy were you guys not kidding. This is great stuff
They had originally send me a package of 2 instead of 4, and I notified them immediately and had a very quick reply and they sent the other 2 immediately. They are a very honest company to do business with and if anyone does any handwashing of clothes these are awesome to lay them flat on. They get air circulation from both the top and bottom and are very sturdy and stackable. I highly recommend both them and this company to purchase from.
I really like, beautiful .
Very sturdy and nice finish
This travel pillow is exactly what I need. It looks very fashionable, the pillowcase is very soft and the fabric is very good. It also has a very good design, which protects my cervical spine very well. It can make my cervical spine very comfortable. A very satisfying purchase.
Easy to install and use. Very reasonable to purchase.
I love this chalkboard! I keep thinking of new sayings, and have fun changing the drawing. It erases well, and the chalk markers look beautiful. On my husband's Birthday, I will change it to Happy Birthday, and change it from hanging on my wall to standing on the counter. It is so fun. I would highly recommend this product.
Absolutely love this quilt set. Very good quality and beautiful colors. Surprisingly good quality for low price. Very soft.
Works like it is intended. Did not want to take up storage space with an ironing board since I don't do much ironing anyway (and some ironing boards aren't very stable), so I ordered this mat. Great price, size and fabric, glad I bought it.
This picture is absolutely BEAUTIFUL! It is time consuming and habit forming. Once you start you can't stop! Love it!!
I'm surprised at the quality! Based on some reviews I expected it to be much thinner and cheap feeling. It's definitely worth the money.
This is a pretty cool Alarm. I originally bought it so my son could stay in his room until it went off, but my stepson ended up breaking his so he's using it instead. It wakes him up because it's nice and loud and easy to set.
I bought this for light up my back yard and watch for my little puppy on my camera. These are very helpful and beautiful. I wished they were cheaper I would order one more
Love the way it looks and feels. Really nice!
These were perfect as a New Year's balloons in a balloon drop. Everyone loved them. The gold confetti is nice and shiny, and it distributed well within the balloons. They looked much more expensive than they were.
Bought this tablecloth in four different colors. Only used the black so far, but it washed up really well. Decided not to bother to iron after grabbing from the dryer soon after finished, and will touch up before next use. So much quicker than my cotton cloths.
It perfect my wife loved the frame
Product works as described and is exactly as advertised.
Nice brush - just what I needed.
Great product and fast shipping. Overall, very happy!
Great easel for displaying a collage for my daughters college graduation party. It is light and folds up easy.
This pillow is amazing! I had the best nights sleep that I can remember, the pillow stays cool all night and I love that it tracks all my sleep information. I also enjoyed the sleep-aid music on the app. Such a great product, I would highly recommend!!!!!!
Works as advertised!!
GreAt for sizing rings.
Made of durable material. I really like this.
It is very stable and moves with ease. Was very surprised for the price how well made it is.
I always wanted a clothes steamer and this clothes steamer works like charm. It is very good at smoothing out the wrinkles and it doesnt ruin the fabric of the clothes.
Everything functions as advertised and expected. I placed the majority of the candles in front facing home windows and I'm pleasantly surprised how nice the candles look from the outside. My only wish would be that the candles would be USB rechargeable. (I hate buying batteries)
These are definitely the best dish towels I have ever owned. They are oversized, durable, highly absorbent, and brightly colored while remaining neutral for virtually kitchen decor. Absolutely worth the price!
Would Highly Recommended This Product! Easy To Assemble For The Most Part, The Hardest Part Is Getting The Holes Even On Each Side Of The Shelf So That They Are Evenly Placed, But Still Easy And Worth The Price!
Beautiful! Absolutely love it and it's perfect!
Product showed up fast and in great condition. Much better quality than the pillows I was finding in stores around the local malls.
Great shower curtain!! after days of searching i decided to settle for this one and man i didn't think i would love it this much!! very modern crisp and clean looking. buy this one!!
Use it as a towel rack inside our coach. Frees up space for other things.
This is such a beautiful quilt set! It is xx long and wide so it covers my king size bed but leaves my bedskirt peaking out the bottom, which I wanted. I can remove my bed skirt and it would work for a bedspread. Great price too and the patchwork is beautiful!
I like that it can be picked up and be small to be kept easier or it can increase in size to put more clothes, it is a good material to eye sight gives sensation of being good metal and to the same touch, by not having brackets that run from the middle to all the corners, you will need to balance the weight of the clothes
The bags do what they're intended to do. They're perfect for my blankets and other items.
Just love this item. It is beautifully boxed. Craftsmanship is amazing. A gift for my daughter she will treasure for a lifetime. compact in size, so easy to store.
We were truly pleased with the quality. We'll buy another.
The size is better than what I expected.
Well made. Very versatile.
I have this in the kitchen. It's cute and functional.
It is quality sheets.The touch feeling is very good,so soft and comfortable.love it.
I use it in my kitchen for the patio. Works great!
I like the VAVA kettle! It has six preset temperature choices, each with a dedicated button. Boiling is very fast! Good!
Cute. I placed it behind bathroom door to keep door from hitting wall. It has felt on bottom of feet to protect floor.
We have had this running day and night for 3 years and it is in great condition.
Love the tree. set up in 15 min's Its as easy as pulling up your pants lol It will be just as easy to take it down! I added a few ornaments to stay with my decor, you don't need to. I'm going to get a second one. It fits everywhere. Thanks Fox Valley Trader and Amazon. Jeanie
Perfect for our business!
I am probably one of the heaviest sleepers out there; nothing - and I mean nothing wakes me up in the morning.. except this alarm clock! We have had and used for about 3 months now and still works great, hasn't ran through batteries, and best of all has woken us up every morning since! It is VERY loud, annoyingly loud to be honest, but that is what I needed! When this thing goes off you will pop straight up in a panic and find it as fast as you can - it's a guaranteed way of not falling back asleep! 10/10 Would buy again and would recommend to anyone!
Lightweight. Rolls well
Love these blankets! My husband and I decided to try one out, and after a few days decided to buy a second one so that we could each have our own! They are extremely comfortable, keep you cool (yet warm), and look great!
This is very pretty and sparkly! A very good value for the amount of ribbon that you get. It is wired so you could use to make wreaths or pretty bows for on top of your holiday packages. I bought the red and white/silver and already made a bow to test it out! Love it! This would also work well if you like to decorate your tree with long lengths of ribbon. Very festive!
I bought this to layout my workout clothes for the week. It fit perfect in my closet. It is made of light material.
They work well but keep in mind they burn hot!!!
Worked great...kids and adults liked them!
Exactly as advertised.
I was very impressed with this mattress pad. It fits my Sleep Number bed perfectly snug and is very breathable and good at dispersing body heat. I have always had issues with feeling overly warm or sweating at night in bed so finding this mattress pad was a blessing. I haven't woken up feeling hot or sweaty once since we started using it. It also holds up well in the washer and dryer.
Inexpensive and fits nicely on our bed
I have used this dehumidifier in my walkin closed, as it start smelling if sometime we put wet clothes but this dehumidifier is perfect to get rid of that smell. Very little noise so you even won't bother if it running , very strong build and comes with proper instructions. Easy to use just plug and play.
Love love love nice sturdy coasters made very well
I loved this product. and it also came with a fidget spinner which was super cool so definitely worth it! 💙
This is a great package with lots of cool colors. It's a little thicker than the cricut brand (that's a good thing, but adjust your cut accordingly). It weeds easily and adheres completely. The shirts I've done have not seen any pulling up through several washes. I'll definitely buy more, it's a great value!
Hung it up over my bed it made my living room look prettier
Needed something to help clean up my bathroom drawers these were great easily adjustable and removable. SUPER EASY TO INSTALL!!!
These things are amazing! They can be used almost anywhere!
Perfect size for desk to help keep you cool works great
incense arrived long before the estimated delivery date, which is always a good thing. not only that, but the incense smells fantastic. you have five different flavors to choose from when creating that perfect mood. and there is a scent to help create that. this is an awesome find. the sticks take a couple of seconds to light. where some sticks catch with only a hint of fire. but they are long, burn slow, and of all of the different kinds of sticks that i've burned these ones right here are far and away the nicest smelling that i remember
I purchase this after my $120 duvet cover ripped. This one turns out to be almost identical in fabric, but at a significant discounted price. Also my old one had buttons, which all ripped off in the wash, so the zipper on this is very much appreciated! Super easy to take off and put back on. The fabric has remained consistent after nearly 10 washes now, which is a great sign of its longevity. Great buy! Would definitely recommend.
These green leave strands are in small strands for various kind of combination. I combined 3 strands for the decoration in the first picture. If you need longer strand, you can combine 2 strands. The strands are very flexible to fold into any shapes.
Very good quality fabric. Worked well for my little project.
This blanket is very soft. I was pleasantly surprised by how soft it is. I also like that it includes years as my toddler always wants to do everything anyone else is doing.
Just what I needed to clean water bottle straws.
This is the most comfortable wedge pillow I have ever used. It is a bit difficult to find a pillow case that fits so I just use XXL t-shirts and sew up the sleeves and neck openings.
It does have a strong odor when I opened it. Left it out to air out and it no longer bothered me. Made a bow for my daughter. Cut on the cricut air 2. Came out great!
The mirror arrived well packaged and on time, I use it everyday for my makeup, the design is classic and timeless.
If you get a rip your going to have a mess to clean up. The beads feel super tiny in the blanket
Worked Perfect! Great Priced Product.
Love the way the window looks.Looks like real stained glass
I LOVE these, I bought several different milk cans to put wildflowers for my wedding !
Very good Air Mattress! It is actually much more comfortable than I thought it would be, and it doesn't deflate on its own even after days of use. Would definitely recommend this to anyone!
My four kids have used them constantly and they clean easy and show no wear after 5 months. Great product!
Loud af. Don't plan to have a conversation when this thing is on
I'm really happy with the lights. They are what I was looking for. Had a slight problem with some but Wendy took good care of me and is shipping me the replacements. This is a really good product and even better customer service.
The cost is too expensive compared to Ebay and other websites.
My daughters birthday was made with just a simple cat balloon. I hope it doesn't pop anytime soon because we will probably have to order another. She has loved it!
I purchased the 70" sofa cover and I love it. The fabric is soft and it looks great. Best of all, it's protecting my new sofa from my 75 lb Labrador and his sandy paws.
Perfect replacement for my Aircon a/c. It even has more features than the factory remote. Found out it works will all my Aircon units.
This is the best pillow I've ever owned. The foam is soft, but firm enough to provide more than adequate support for my neck. I suffer from a lot of neck and lower back pain, I use to wake up in my sleep all the time but this pillow supports me so perfectly no matter what; back, side, or belly I am comfortable. This pillow has helped me sleep so much better. I am happy with it.
I used this product when I travel. Great for make up and personal hygiene.
There beautiful. Well packed..I love them....
Very comfy and soft! Fits over my full bed and my foam mattress topper perfectly.
This drawer set is exactly when you need if you've literally got a sliver of space and need more storage! I love the gray and white colors combo!! The reviews are accurate about how cute it is too!
Comfy and high quality
Just what I ordered!! Needed these to put in our vehicles for travel!! Some of us sleep while others drive!!
I love this product. It came complete with the mounting tools and a pattern. I had to make 32 buttons for my project and it went so quickly. I would highly recommend these buttons.
Gave it to my bf. He's really picky...but I loved it! It's super soft and warm!
This is the best buy I have ever made... it fit perfectly to my both sofas... I love it!!!
Very nice, exactly what I was looking for.
Wasn't what I expected
These simple curtains were exactly what we needed for the master bedroom. The rings move smoothly along the curtain rod. They are about 95% as dark as I would have expected. In other words, not perfect, but certainly an "A" grade.
Great product. Speeds up drying time.
Beautiful crystals, large and full of energy! So happy I made this purchase!
These were awesome. Great colors and so many for the price.
Got this for my mom's bath as towel ring was over toilet due to space issues. Looks great and could do myself.
Product was exactly as expected.
Beautiful colors! Nice quality!
I love how it was shipped on time
Cute and big enough to cover what I needed adequately, love it!
This worked out great for a RV mattress that was too firm for us. Slept just a good or better than our home mattress after we added this topper.
I bought this for my wife and she loved it!
I ordered 2 towels and they were shipped in different packages and received them 2 days apart and they arrived in time for my vacation
Worked great for small and large pictures and albums.
I definitely like my new sheets. Arrived quickly
Loved that it arrived vacuum packed so left it lying on mattress for 24 hrs b/f putting it on. It just kept puffing up more & more. I was really impressed....is so comfortable and cool to sleep on. Very high quality.....HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
Looks great on my table
Arrived fast. Nice quality. Plastic stems/silk leaves. Feels good.
Great wooden wicks. Fit snugly into the balancer and sit very flat and secure as you work. Burn as to be expected. Not really much to be said about candle wicks but as far as these go, I thought they were great. Added a couple pictures. Hope my review helps. If so let me know by hitting "Yes" below... ;)
Didn't have a problem with quality or pixelated image, looks really great and exactly like one you would find in a more expensive store.
EXTREMELY comfortable pillows we love them and you can not beat the price for a 2 pack
It Is as cute as can be!
This tree is absolutely beautiful! It was super easy to put together and high quality. The snow didn't fall off everywhere like some cheaper ones. I'd now like buy a few to decorate my entire house! Great purchase and would definitely buy again!
It was given as a memorial for a loved one.
These work really well! And arrived as described, and on time.
These were a gift for a friend - she loves them - the retro look and the size were perfect for her house and needs.
Loved the softness and cool rest I get at night. I love a cool bed to climb into even in the coldest nights. Beautiful color and fit perfect.
Used this at your Cub Scout Blue and Gold great fun! Stapled on hard to get off in a hurry.
This is my first sewing machine and get overwhelmed when I opened the box and saw the whole stuff but is really easy to use. Super friendly for beginners and enough features for enjoy doing home projects
I like this brand, I got some from TJMaxx for my fruits and vegetables and loved them
I really liked this item. The case was exactly, if not, better than I expected. I would buy again. Worth it. Case was extremely soft too.
These work great, no smell at all.
I would but these again.
Worked as advertised child loved it.
They fit my can and work.
It is a perfect match for my little fountain. Each stone is beautifully polished and metal engraved nicely securing them tightly. It is definitely good quality. I loved stones and quartz.
Works perfect for our needs. I have a rambunctious dog who thinks he is still a puppy. (He is 8), and he is always grabbing my TV remote, and my phone. Nope not anymore. I keep them on my coffee table inside my new box. Not only is it functionable, it looks great also. Fast delivery.
Won't be using these until December for a party but they look as advertised. Came boxed nicely and nothing was broken.
Bought this to replace old type cleaner that was on its last legs, this cleaner however is much bette and does a brilliant job of cleaning litter, dog hair, food and water spillage, it is put to quite heavy use on a daily basis and shows no signs of any faults or potential problems, not heavy or awkward to work with and keeps a good strong charge, overall the unit has plenty of power and does great job.
This steamer is light and easy to use. Only has a power switch. You cannot adjust the level of steam. Designed to be used upright only, if you tip it horizontal, the water will come out of the nozzle. The steam comes out naturally from the boiling water, which get hot in less than a minute. The steam comes out two feet, but us only hot at less than 6 inches. Good for steaming light fabrics like blouses and shirts.
Just like description
I bought this for my moms birthday and she is absolutely loving it. It smell good and beautiful.
Came on time and as advertised. I wish you could smell via the web. They smell wonderful. It was a great value! I am adding pics with ruler for scale. I'm very happy with my purchase and will buy again.
Powerbot vacuum was making awful noises. Read some reviews that said this wasn't an "exact fit" but would work... However, I was pleasantly surprised to see this was a genuine Samsung replacement brush for my vacuum. Fits perfectly (I'm a machinist so fit matters) and runs as good as the day I bought it. Highly recommend!👍
I truly love these pillow cases they are like a high end hotel quality!! I actually did buy more for my kids too.
Loved these! I sprayed them white to go on my memory tree. My memory tree is all white and has an ornament for family and friends who are no longer with me. This was the perfect addition. They came with red strings and I just changed them to gold.
Very comfortable! Give me a good night sleep!
This was perfect...just not what I needed....very easy to return...thanks
I hand craft stationery and these stickers are perfect for making monograms with. They stick on nice and secure and the edges are clear, not white paper.
The humidity levels in my home were very high. I bought one dehumidifier for my basement and one for the main floor. They are both able to keep humidity levels in check. You can program them and keep the levels where you need them to be for the changes seasons. I hooked a drain tube up to a drain pipe in the basement and I never have to empty the reservoir.
These refills work just as well as the expensive ones do. Definitely recommend them.
I love this waterproof bed cover, use it without worrying about dirty mattress
Exactly as described. I did not think I needed the hepa filter, it turns out mine was black and I could not get it clean. Good deal.
Works great! Helps keep my kids from using too much soap.
Just like an old fashioned feather pillow without feathers. Moldable.
The baskets are as advertised. I'd buy them again.
This stuff works like a dream! It doesn't take much at all! It removed paint from a jacket I've had for 10+ years!! Great stuff! I recommend it to everyone!
This throw is just excellent. Super soft, lightweight, and really warm.
Stand was a bit loose but that was an easy fix. I love it.
This fan is awesome, it works great and perfect to hook onto my stroller to keep my baby cool and I love that it has a rechargable battery
This is the cutest night light and it's perfect for my God daughter's nursery. I honestly want one for myself!
I love this product! I do wish it came in a 2 pack for the price. But it does the job, we have a small laundry room with a metal shelf. This makes life so much easier!
Great little steamer! Bought this to unwrinkle my clothes for a business trip to Texas and it's worked out great! All my shirts and dresses were horribly wrinkled and creased, but this little steamer really did the trick. I filled the tank up, not quite to max, and that took care of one shirt. Really glad I bought this and very happy with the purchase.
I love things in their place and now our garage is organized too! This is a great purchase for the balls, helmets, bats, sticks, etc.
Very pricey but you have to decide how bad you want them. They ARE Beautiful and elegant
This is Meg not her husband. Love this lantern; it is just what I wanted. Will fill the glass container with sea shells.
These are beautiful and look like jewelry. I bought them to use on a balloon tie up shade on my front door. The window is about 70 inches long and 28 inches wide. The fabric is a heavy polyester that is lined with blackout lining. These magnets are strong enough to hold up the curtains. I used one on each side. See photos. I had bought two other sets of magnetic door curtain tie backs, and neither of them held because the magnets were not strong enough. I highly recommend these magnetic door curtain tiebacks.
A picture is worth a thousand words. ❤️
This sign is so colorful and cut. We really are glad we purchased it.
Works. Item is as described
Very nice very comfortable very cost effective.
I use these lights on my sewing machine in a basement and they give off a lot of light.
It was a good gift for my baby girl. She has to take it everywhere she goes now.
I love this bust. It is perfect for my needs and looks great.
Love love love it. Super cheap, came super quick, easy to apply, and still looks great and it's been up since April of this year so I give it 5 stars
For use with designs with a smaller stitch count. When using this stabilizer my designs always turn out well and the tear away is convenient.
Very beautiful curtain set. If you have a wide window I do recommend ordering 2, maybe 3 sets depending on how full you like window treatments to look. The colors in these match my kitchen beautifully and they do a great job of blocking out extreme sunlight.
Absolutely love this product and the concept of a thicker tea light! I used to be so bummed when other candles would burn wrong causing the wick to fall into the wax but with this purchase you don't have to worry!!
I tried smaller sticks and realized I kept getting my hands messy. But these are strong and long enough to do a great job stirring resin and keeping my hands clean
The price is right! This is a nice set, I needed something to protect my nice new and expensive comforter. It's only been washed once thus far. I love that it came with the extra pillow cases I needed and was looking for. The corner ties are more simple than I anticipated. You literally wrap the ties around the corners of your comforter. So far it's working though.
Sweet little furry owls for wreaths .
My grandson said assembly was easy and he likes it!
If you have the 3/4 width shelf, this will be a snug (good) fit. It holds six normal coffee mugs. Probably would hold eight matched tea cups. Happy with the purchase.
Bigger then I thought it would be. Very nice quality. I just didn't look that it goes from a 45 degree angle to vertical. I was hoping to add this to a dab rig with a vertical 14mm female stem but that's my bad... Still awesome. It took about two weeks to get here not bad.
I put this in my room and it immediately turned into a party. The set up is easy, you can put it in the ground, and it adjusts to your every need. Great price, quality, and well worth it. Would highly recommend it!
My wife was pretty satisfy with this squeegee. We have a lot of windows and glasses in our house. She was tired of cleaning the glasses with paper towel and realize how much towels she use during every cleaning. So we decided to give this a try. Not only does it make her cleaning a lot easier and faster, but it also save us a lot of money on paper towel. The metal material make it really really durable.
Beautiful and high quality workmanship.
Works just as well as original
I bought this for my Janome 6500 sewing machine. I measured the space prior to ordering but when I received the lights, they were 1-2 inches too long. I finally figured out how to make it work. These lights are very bright and perfect for sewing machines! I am glad I ordered and extra strip for my travel machine!
Nano towel it really does what it says . Great well made product , makes my cleaning task very easy and fast . Thank you and keep up with the great quality product I will order more soon .
these fit my vacuum great! went by photo because out model was in target but not listed anywhere. Thank you
I lost a similar one during my last trip. I like the softness of the material and the cover is removable. Came with eye mask that is super comfy.
This wreath is even more beautiful live! The quality and coloring is simply awesome! I highly recommend this!
Unclogs sinks and drains exactly as advertised!!!
Super-great wall-cloth :) Product as described, the starry are beautiful. I would buy again, for the price unbeatable and the delivery was also fast.
It's a very nice item. It's fits in with my decor. I am happy I purchased it.
It is a beautiful frame.
Just upgraded my closet to be more custom and these look great in it and are so much better then the plastic hangers we had. The price works compared to other stores. Have had no issues with these shedding like the black ones people complain about.
Bought these bags to store some clothes. The bag was big with plenty of room and was long enough as well. For the price we thought the quality was great. Would purchase these again.
Very well made frames. Looks more expensive than what it costs. I liked them so much
Really nice. Had it for 2 days now and am happy with my purchase. It fits perfectly in my duvet cover.
It really helped me stay organized. Holds all of my undergarments in my closet ~
Bought these for storing paint - worked great, and the labels were perfect to record the brands/colors.
Colourful and absorbent. Great to use in the kitchen
This replace my moms old breeze. I like the triple filter and I like only being able to use O-Zone when I'm away but still have the filtering power when I'm home. Nice unit looks good quiet. Great product
Absolutely amazing!! Better in person for sure!!
Does what it is supposed to do very happy with this product great price will be buying two more another one for the other side of stove and one for my work shop stove thanks for a great product
Different size bags, no vacuum needed. My mother in law changes her clothes closet with the seasons and these bags have come in handy with her storage solution. I'm looking forward to using them while traveling.
I went by the reviews and decided to buy these sheets, and I am so glad I did. They are good quality, comfortable, and the sage green is the exact color I wanted. I am thinking of buying another set soon.
These are the best thing for organizing fishing tackle, especially if they have leader tied on.
This product is awesome. My daughter liked it from day one and still using it. It's very soft and cozy, washed couple of times and no impact of dryer.
These are perfect for rearing Monarch caterpillars!
So small. So soft. So CUTE! This plush is so well made. It is not big enough for cuddling, unless you are a small child. I use this for decorative purposes and it works very well. The quality is spot on.
My husband likes them but they are huge and he already has big hands!
A great comforter for tge price.. Looks really elegant
It is exactly what I was looking for. It is perfect for my little girl. She was so excited to get it. It is made very well and so soft. Perfect for cuddles.
First time buyer from this company. Great smelling, long lasting, larger than I thought. Price was half the cost of other candles. Would highly recommend to any candle loving, value conscious person.
Husband's collars were too tight after washing shirts - these were a terrific, inexpensive solution!
Matches perfectly with other accessories in the brand. Solid little soap dish, I'm using for lipstick.
Great for white noise. Circulates a lot of air.
This product was used to raise my couch, which was very helpful.,
This product was exactly what was advertised. My son loved them!
Cheap and works great!
Nice product. Feels very durable. Using for a patient warming pad on an operating table. I prefer to heat it in the dryer for 10 minutes prior to use, which ensures even heat distribution. I wasn't a fan of using the microwave, because it created hot spots rather than uniform warmth. But, a great product, nonetheless.
Saved me when I needed it. I love the sound it makes. Great for sleeping. Blows plenty of air if you are near it. I have it on a table beside my bed. I have central air but my room is hotter then the rest of the house. Got the fan hoping to be more comfortable because I am always too warm. Works like a charm and drowns out any traffic noise. Looks really cute because it is compact and green. Quality fan and totally happy with this purchase. Would definitely recommend.
Fit well, soft & wash fine, not wrinkly
I love this machine -- I had received a different machine for a Christmas gift, and that one lasted 32 days before it died, so I had to get a new one if I wanted to continue my projects. I needed a travel size machine because the work space available on my desk is very small so when I spotted this machine and all its features AND that it was pink... I knew I had to have it. However, since the last machine I got broke, I was skeptical about this new one working... but its been 7 months now and its still working as perfectly as the day I got it. I highly recommend this machine -- in fact, when a friend of mine was looking for a travel sized machine for her birthday, my mom got her this one because mine has been such a dream to work with!
These succulent plants are beautiful. They were just as prescribed and fit great in the little pot that I had in mind. I also use them as photo props on occasion and they look real. Of course, they do have a plastic smell since they are plastic. But after you air them out for a bit the smell goes away. They came in package well and arrived here right on time. Overall, I love this little succulents.
Very good quality. Fits perfectly. Easy to wash. Best for the price. Definitely recommended to protect your expensive mattresses.
Fit perfectly and vacuum runs like new now! Will reorder in the future.
Nice trade! Really an amazing product! The AC in my house is old and noisy. Sometimes it cannot work very well. Especially in the summer, the house inner really like a furnace without a good AC at FL. Summer is coming, so I order this AC to fight with the heat! Quick logistics, only 3 days I got the product. The AC is well packed when I received it. To be honest, this product is really easy to assemble. Only 5 minutes, everything was done. It works extremely well without any noise. As for a 350 sq.ft room, just a while, I feel cool. Thanks for Media offers me this talent product.
Just received it check back in a month
A durable and bio degradable product, my customers love it.
Very comfortable, light weight and cool.
I've had a shredded memory foam pillow for years that needed replacing, it was just sad at this point (almost 10 years). I am so in LOVE with this pillow, I may need to remove a bit of stuffing as their online video shows, but so far I have been falling asleep and not waking until the alarm goes off. Without a stiff neck. I have purchased two of these and with each i literally took it out of the package and ignored it for a few hours and it fluffed itself by bedtime. My parents are always complaining about their pillows so I am totally buying them a set soon!
I love my wood burner. I got it to make a frame as a gift, but the tool is is so easy to use and looks great on the wood that I'm thinking wood burning will be my new hobby. I usually am not a huge crafter / DIYer so I was intimidated at first, but this tool is so easy to use -- it's just like a pen, and creates a really quality product. Can't recommend enough!
I use these clips for my curtain that slide to cover my windshield on my RV. Works Great
My daycare had a back to school neon glow dance and I used the tape to create a dance floor. I also used it on the walls and other furniture and it worked perfect. However, the purple does not glow under black light.
I love this clock. Looks great, simple, easy to read. Keeps accurate time. Perfect.
One of the best defusers bought
I'm surprised. This is good product. It's easy to use. And good price. And you can take it to travel
Great colors and great quality of paper.
I bought this for my wife. Her comments: “It does seem to make a better job of ironing. Light weight. Convenient to move around to different locations. Good size and does not wobble like an ironing board can”.
Love how to out into wine bottles to keep fresh! from John Bradford
great for floors and floor matts. I have used it 8 times to clean up kitchen and living room and it still has 3 bars left of battery.
Just as expected...love it
Very good quality face painting!
Nice size tin picture. Looks nice in the reloading wall.
Came just as expected. Box was all torn up. But everything present. Thought for the price they would be thicker but they are alright.
Easy to assemble-adds good looks to my patio and garden !Repels the rain...Great price !Thanks Amazon!JR
Bought this fan in 2011 & it's still going strong. Runs non-stop about nine months out of the year.
This is awesome for making cards! Keeps area clean and doesn't move your project!
These were exact replicas of the pads that came with my Shark Steam mop. They work perfectly!
Perfect size for my need. Love the rectangular shape. Mine is holding about 8 umbrellas.
I love the paint it's good for all over face and body and large areas !!! And an amazing price
The lights are great and I using them behind a curtain backdrop. I accidentally chose the wrong length, but I made it work. Make sure you read the description size. I slowly unraveled the lights so I didn't have the tangled mess that others did.
A great bargain. It's already proven it's durability . Accidentally it was knocked to the deck and no problem whatsoever.
Everything sent to me was identical to the original parts.
Great just as described fast shipping works how intended
Works so well! It is currently holding 8+ bottles of soap and hasn't budged a inch since I put it up. Great!
No more single pieces for me. This one big piece no slip for bathtub is great! A little tricky to put on but stays in place and we don't slip.
I received it on time and look forward to working on them.
I love them. They came wrinkled but I'm terrified to wash them even though they look and feel so sturdy. I feel like the Velcro will rip them up. Highly recommend them if you don't want to install anything. They have lowered our heating and cooling bills
We put it out side garden. Looks very real. Can not tell with other real plans!
my kid loves them but i agree the container is very small.
Great quality! I am using it as wall mounted towel rack. Spacing is perfect for large fluffy towels. Easy to assemble. Easy to install. Highly recommend!
Arrived promptly just as expected, thank you!
It really works - just read the instructions
I ordered, and then re-ordered this product, in both the aqua and the red pattern. We moved into a home with 70s or 80s oak & press-board cabinets & drawers. This product was my salvation. Thicker than contact paper, more like a vegan felt or microfiber, it cuts to specifications, lays nicely, is reversible, and machine washable. It does not spot clean easily, but it changes cupboard & cabinet space from ewww to ahhh. It is more expensive, but as others have mentioned, it's proven to be worth it.
Out carpet salesman told us about this product. We have dogs, and cats, it's a great product. I wish I would of known of this product before. Will only say one thing (which is no biggie) I wish the carpet sprinkle had a shaker type dispenser.
Great product for use in lessening humidity. Very quick receipt time
These were the perfect finish touch to keep the party favor bags closed and my daughter loved the colors.
Great price and arrived quickly
Fits perfectly in my drawer and now everything is organized! i love it
I use this foam knee pillow under my knees to alleviate lower back pain when sleeping or reclining when relaxing. The size is perfect, not too large for our full size bed. Although this pillow arrives with a zippered protective cover, I place it in a pillow case for better protection from body oils.
They are working great on my office door. Now I can do what I want on my computer. and not worry about little eyes.
Needed a specific size and wanted well made. Fit the bill perfectly. It is great quality and just snaps together. Looks great!
I like this kit, especially the scissors and other little tools are very good.
Despite me knowing how to use them I managed to figure it out. They came in handy and attached to any hanger.
I received this product couple of days ago, today we finally started using it after a couple washings. The quality of this product is very good, is much softer that a lot of similar products that you can see in the market. What I like the most is, it has a little hook thing that you can hang it up right next to your baby.
Beautiful and big. Heavy resin. Looks fabulous
Don't get me wrong this is a beautiful clock.. I wanted a clock to see at a glance.. I have macular degeneration and this clock has it all, big thick hands excellent on keeping time.. My problem is that I thought the black face, and white hands would stand out great, and it does. But ! I find I should have bought the white face with the black hands. The room that I have to have the clock in, the corner is dark and the black bothers me .. Too late I am sure to do any thing about it.. As shipping would be too much to return it and get the white color... I do really like the slim contour of the clock, it sets flush against the wall.. It has it all just not the white like I need.. But that is my fault.. Maybe I can find whom to contact to see if I can exchange it for the white with the black hands..
This was really great to place on, and the quality of the material used is awesome!
Added some excitement to our tree this year.
I own a home daycare and have a yellow lab mix that sheds with this vacuum you can see the great suction and cleaning right away. This vaccuum is in a different league than any vaccuum we have ever had
It's a good sturdy towel holder and it looks nice sitting on my counter. You can see the brand name (which I don't like) but if it's up against a wall and you turn it around, it doesn't show so no big deal.
I am very happy to buy it, it can keep my head and neck in the most comfortable condition when I need it, it can give me enough rest during the journey.It also comes with eye patches and earplugs, which is a really nice product. If you're traveling a lot, I recommend buying it.
Exactly what I expected
Perfect outdoor mat! Love the design and durability.
Not only is this a HUGE time saver, but it's two or three times thicker than some rather pricey roll I got at Walmart. Despite my over the top headline and obvious enthusiasm, I'm going to advise some NOT to buy this. If you're a bull in the China shop person, impatient or lacking focus avoid this. Ripping requires finesse or you'll tear adjacent squares and have a big mess. I used my thumbs on both sides of the tear and took it slow and steady. I went through two rolls while watching a baseball game on TV. There was very little waste and I accidentally tore one square. After I exhausted the first roll, I ordered five more. I'll eventually do drawers and cabinets in the kitchen and 3 bathrooms.
Perfect! Exactly what I wanted!
It's exactly what I was looking for. Beautiful artwork for the entryway.
Use this every night with just plain water to humidifier my toddlers room as she suffers lots of viral coughs etc. Has been amazing and we have seen a huge reduction in her respiratory symptoms since humidifying her room at night.
Exactly what I wanted! Lets in just enough light while still making the perfect atmosphere for my daughters nap time. The teal blue is such a beautiful vintage-mermaid blue/green color. I love them! And the seller was great to work with, the description says free shipping but at checkout I was charged $10, the refunded me immediately and were very prompt with their email response. Very happy with my purchase and plan to buy more colors!
This is not a small filter, but it is quiet and does its job well. On the whole I do like it.
I love using this paint for my miniature houses! It's easy to use, especially since they come in jars, and the colors are beautiful. Just a note that the color is slightly darker when the paint dries than it is when you put it on. I will definitely be buying these paints again!
Very lovely. Arrived well packaged and in good time.
Fits exactly where I wanted it to go.... study, holds my microwave and lots of other stuff. Great purchase.
Love this wedge. It's the perfect height and very comfortable. The cover is soft.
I will buy more! It's so cute and it works great.
If you can't stand the bottom sheet to be loose, you won't like these unless you have a very deep mattress. I like them and since they are cotton, I am sure they will shrink over time and fit better. Fabric is soft.
lovely product for smoothing out your paintings. Prolongs the drying process so you can work with acrylics.
We use this machine for getting rid of pet smells in our house. It has saved us buying many many expensive cans of spray air cleaner/deodorizer. We turn this machine on and let it run for about a minute then turn it off and the wonderful fresh ozone smell stops the pet odor all thru the house for most of the day. It works great. Just remember that this is a very powerful Ozone Generator so don't leave it on more than a minute or more or it will produce too much ozone. We really love this machine. My wife hates any pet odor and this machine really puts a stop to it.
Very happy with can't wait to give it to my baby girl to see if she like it's.
amazing staff wonderful customer service!!! They went far and beyond to accommodate me and I just love how it works!!! It has extremely helped with my allergies!!! Please look no further because this is the perfect item for your home.
It's a beautiful keepsake box. I really love it! Shuts tight, received it nicely packaged, and it's not too bulky but still made with sturdy wood. The details are amazing as well.
I like the large size. I use it along side my drafting table
Best way to order replacement bags and never run out or have to search for the proper size in the store!
I am happy with this product
Product wasn't what I was expecting so I returned it.
These pillows arrived timely. Nicely packaged. Soft, yet sturdy. Perfect for my project
Perfect buy. Amazing price and came packaged in a simple, cute, holiday gift box. Clips are secure and ornaments are cheerfully bright and sized perfectly (purchased the medium). Little did I know my boyfriend would be proposing the same night I gave him these to wear - so now they are forever part of our memory. Ha!
Baby received, the price is affordable, the quality is really good, buy a special cost-effective. This online shopping is my most satisfying one, the price can buy such a good baby is really worth the money, and the seller described exactly the same, received when the package is complete, the strict package without any damage, logistics is also very fast.
I am so impressed with the quality of these birds. So well-made and the birds are so well-crafted. Such great artistic quality to them - they look like they're in flight! I will be displaying them together with the tree of life and a couple of mockingbirds I also purchased from you. To me, these birds represent my beloved parents and father-in-law who have passed away a couple of years ago. It is my tribute to them. Thank you for making these beautiful products accessible to us!
I bought them as a gift for a little boy, He loves them a much. It was easy to put on the wall. Prints arrived in good conditions.
Before attaching this to the inside of your stainless steel sink, dab a little dishwashing liquid on the suction cups and they will hold on well. This has been attached to the inside of my sink for a few months now and it has not moved, even after being bumped quite a bit. The dishwashing liquid is the secret.
Does what it's supposed to.
This was a gift for my 16 year old daughter. She loved it!
Love them! Exactly as described and look great in my sons room
I ordered this product for my mother, who does not like to purchase things on the Internet. Everything about the transaction was effortless: I found them easily on Amazon, they were reasonably priced, delivered in days, and exactly what my mother wanted.
price and comfort were right in my budget
Love these sheets. Purchased them after we bought our new mattress. Definitely has deep pockets and they are comfortable. The fitted sheet stays on the mattress without a problem. So far I haven't had any issues with washing and drying them.
The pillow covers are strudy and durable. I washed them and all the pom poms stayed on. I purchased them for my guest bedroom because my mum and dad were coming to stay. I think they are cute enough for a tween or teen bedroom however. My parents did not complain - so I presume the cotton is comfortable. I purchased synthetic covers before (microfiber) which they definitely did not like, but these were a sure win.
Great product and excellent customer service . USPS marked my items as delivered and I never received the oils. Within 1 hour of contacting the company I received a reship tracking number . I was so pleased. They really take care of their customers.
This poster is really really awesome lol...... Looks fantastic with our other black light posters!!!
Exactly what I wanted
Easy installation and straight forward instructions. The remote is a little frustrating since it has a delay in the lighting reaction to button pushes. We cold not find any difference in the distance of the remote to the receiver. Colors are bright. Other than the remote, works as expected.
I'm an avid crocheter and these make working with dark colors or less than bright rooms easier. Love them!
Awesome product. Wife will love it
absolutely fabulous curtains... do exactly what they say.
Love this blanket. Great quality. Weight is just what I need it fits my needs perfectly.
Super cute, just like the picture.
Just wgat i wanted and need!! Love it!
Love how realistic these artificial fall leaves look! The coloring is spot on and the variety is perfect for fall crafting. Set of 1000 has me set to create a fall wreath for my home with enough to spare to create additional wreath/ wreaths for gifting! I could see these being great as a table scatter too. Just beautiful!
The tapestry was as advertised; the colors are exactly what you see in the picture which I appreciate because when you're shopping for a tapestry that fits your room aesthetic, color matters. I'm also happy with the texture of the tapestry as it appears to be good quality and not cheap. My friends complimented me on the tapestry too. Additionally, shipping was really fast!
I was very pleased with how quickly these tableclothes arrived, the quality they were and how they washed off a majority of the stains after one laundry cycle. We were getting married and I was shocked by how much party rental companies wanted to charge to use the table clothes for one night. In the end, it made more financial sense to just buy our own (and maybe even turn around and sell them second-hand later to recoup some of the money later). Thank you, Utopia, for an excellent product at a reasonable price that didn't break our budget.
my niece loves these
Padded. Easy clean for my cat fur. This is just the futon area not the arms. Well worth it. Great quality. Would purchase again.
These cutting mats are very durable and well made!
Though it is summer right now, i bought it for upcoming winter. Tried once. it heated fast. LIke it.
Good deal for the money, would buy it again.
This was a gift for a Raider fan. He loved it! Packaging helped it ship safely.
The effect is super good, the quality is soft, very comfortable to touch, more comfortable to lie down than imagined much better, beyond my expectations, very satisfied once shopping
Really nice, perfect color for my bedroom!😍
I used this on a cabinet I was restoring. It receives many compliments!
This is what I really need in my kitchen. Now I don't have to keep checking in on my food ever so often afraid it might get burnt or anything. The sound is really loud I can hear it upstairs in my room. I really like how it matches with my kitchen because of the stainless steel and easy to clean.
Nice unit correct size for me. No cord problems in fact well made snaps in to keep from slipping out. Highly recommend.
beautiful statue. Came on time and in great shape.
Good price, good product
love it its soft looks so nice in my bedroom
Put on a piece of styrofoam to over look my Christmas town. Granddaughters loved it
Great for hanging multiple towels and seems sturdy on the wall. Just kinda wish the hooks were a bit farther apart.
It's a very good vacuum I have no complaints about it. Very good investment.
I love these and would buy again
I bought these for my mom who did not read the instructions and put the whole container of beads in a vase that holds maybe a gallon. She ended up filling up 2 stock pots plus the vase with these beads and they kept absorbing water.
Used suction to hold to mirror- works great and looks great.
My brother-in-law loved this as his Christmas gift, very cool for a GOT fan.
This was a gift and it was well received.
Wonderful! Soft inviting and stays on the Mattress with no difficulty!! Amazing buy!!!
Good head and neck support. It comes with a pouch which is a nice because it keeps the travel pillow clean during travel. It comes with eye mask but I didn't get the earplugs. The pillow cover is machine washable too.
Lay nicely and look very elegant on our tables!
Excellent quality sponges and fast shipping. I use them with acrylic paints to create texture.
Wow! This pillow is so soft and cuddly, you just melt into it. It is large and takes up as much room as a small person. I bought it for my husband, who is recovering from knee replacement surgery. He found it too large to change positions so I took it since I mainly sleep on my right side. Not sure I'll want it in the summer but it's nice to have in the cooler weather.
I put this pad over one that was already on the bed because this pad is not heavily padded. However, it will fit in an average size washer and dryer. It is warm and quiet for sleeping. I would recommend this product and will purchase another one for the guest room.
This wall clock has been a great addition to our bathroom remodeling due to the minimalist design and colors. Performance has been great.
worked for what i needed
Great pillow case! Soft and confortable.
Exactly what i wanted!
My daughter loves these - very handy for all sorts of teenage stuff.
I bought this for my Instant Pot cheesecakes. Works great. Has a positive seal and latching mechanism that seems sturdy.
Used with our wedding decorations. Definitely looked more elegant than just plain hangers. We will use the rest on our Christmas tree in the future.
Very useful. Helps with clutter.
These smell SO GOOD!
I was hoping this would be more of a muted black, but the saturated black didn't bother me. These sheets are comfy and feel great. Im a sweaty sleeper and I didnt find them too warm at night. Def worth the price point.
fits all my stuff. but maybe the squared one is better cuz u can put it against the wall
We have three different kinds of sinks and these stoppers are malleable to work very well on all of them. Great for travel, too.
Looks great in my kids bathroom!
Shoe shelf hold about 30 pairs of shoes no problem. My only negative would be that really high heels don't reallly fit upright in it.
This is on my wall of clocks
I wish I bought this sooner than 7 months pregnant, it was the only pillow that supported my stomach and back to get a decent nights sleep.
Such a cute and soft wreath! It's pretty small but it's worth it for the Pusheen.
This bean bag chair is perfect. I needed to organize and was just short of throwing out all these stuffed animals but my kids helped gather them and now they have an awesome place to sit in their reading nook!
This is a beautiful candle, it came wrapped beautifully, and the scent is so wonderful!! I will definitely buy it again!!
I bought this for my office chair because I stay seated for so long and I love it
Love it! Nice and warm, but lightweight and soft.
I had been suffering extreme lower back pain with little relief. It was difficult to find any position, sitting or lying in bed, for relief. I decided to order this pillow. Just wow! I could not believe the relief that it gave. I could sleep again.
Soft, comfortable, covers good and fit as described!
It worked great for my project! Fast shipping
Great buy Amazon. Thanks.
Much bigger than I was expecting, but the bride LOVED it for her bachelorette party!
They hold your clothes
We haven't seen a moth since we've deployed them
This is a great little light for the top of the stairs. Rechargeable batteries last pretty long in the light, too. It's not too bright and the range of the sensor is perfect for the space. Easy to mount on the wall, too.
I really like this blanket, but it's a little small for a queen bed. I'd recommend going the next size bigger if you plan on using it on your bed.
Item were in excellent condition
Years ago my wife bought me a similar weather station she paid more money for and it NEVER worked properly and was very difficult to set up. AcuRite is a breeze to set up and works so very well. I love this thing.
I wanted a rose flower cotton quilt to overlay my comforter. It's absolutely gorgeous!
Nice, thick wrapping paper. It has a nice velvet/matte look with metallic foiling as an accent. I liked the coordinating 3 pack because I was wrapping a set of gifts and wasn't sure how much paper I'd need. I didn't want to get halfway done and have to switch to a different paper. I was able to use 1 whole roll on a very large box, and then use each of the others to coordinate on the smaller items. Especially useful was the multiple striping pattern. I was able to match up the stripes for a package that was larger than the roll was long/wise, and there was no visable overlap. The overall look seemed like I put more time and effort into the wrap (and the recipient appreciated it!)
The colors are bright and fits the bed nice
Love this! Put this on the wall above my bed and it looks awesome!
Very good for my village lights are bright I love it