is very tide and very uncomfortable
This is made from cheap materials -- think styrofoam egg carton material. If you took it to the park, it could blow away. This should go for 24.99 and even then I bet they would be making a killing. Also, the pattern could be more fun or more vivid. I would get something else if I were to do it again. Let's see if it lasts the year.
Too wide for sedan seats. We can't even use it because it covers seat belt buckle. I thought about returning the 2 I bought but I didn't.
Cheaply made would not buy
Received the old version of this “new and improved” shusher. I specifically bought this to get the version in grey that has raised buttons and a twist off bottom for ease in changing batteries and I received another one just like the one I had before. Very very misleading. Not happy at all. Now I have to take time out of my day and return an item that I thought was something else. i would order again but fear the same thing would happen.
Not happy its not the print I ordered and it sent me a boy print I ordered 2 both came in boy prints and im not happy but they are good they don't leak and my infant loves these
We purchased a bumper for our first child that was thrown away during a renovation. This product is very hard to peel the adhesive tape off the apply. Would spend a few more dollars and get something higher quality.
I literally received these yesterday, used twice today and it already has milk in it.... So disappointing and a waste of money!!
If you're looking for a way out of your marriage, you've just found it. Your love won't survive assembling this hulking mistake. The instructions were hard to follow, especially with someone screaming their eternal rage the entire time. If you have hearing aids, I'd suggest turning them off before you start. But, once you're done it doesn't end there. You will find new fury and hatred both for yourself and your partner as you realise the drawers don't work, none of them are aligned, and they catch when trying to open and close them. I hope you lift weights because you're gonna have to strong arm this drawer open anytime you need anything. The hardest part about this whole ordeal is that you don't realize how awful it truly is until after you put it together, and they require you to disassemble it to send it back. We won't be sending it back because a divorce is more expensive than the dresser.
Light stops working in a few days 😡
It wasn't the same size as pictured. They are not sticking to wall they started falling off the next day. Dont buy!
Its to small can even fit enough wipes
These were absolutely horrible, heavy, and bulky and not usable. I intend to return them .
The undersides of the papers were surrounded with mold. MOLD. The irony of the statement on the front with the mold on the back is appalling. Straight into the trash.
My son hated it. It almost rubs up against his armpits. Hes just learning to walk
Doesn't fit properly for the freemie system. Too long and milk starts to suck back up and through tubbing.
Had 2 months and the strap broke
Seller did not send all aspects. Only sent nipples and no spare parts
Very disappointed in this product. The first time I used the oven, the adhesive failed. I followed all instructions. Do not buy.
We received the wrong size. I'm due in 2 weeks and they still haven't refunded my return that they received in the 10th of January. Hoping i get it before my baby arrives ! It's kind of Important 😐
I was excited to get these as I was tired of having a gross rubbery mat, and these are really cute. I dried the tub thoroughly, then cleaned the tub with alcohol. Once that was dry I applied the stickers. After only 2 showers they were sliding and I almost fell. Absolute flop and now a waste of time and money.
We bought this for our daughter for Christmas and it didn't work out of the box. It was smaller than expected, felt very cheap and did not work when the buttons were pushed. We were returned it.
One star for cuteness and color variety. The rest needs reworking. The touch sensitivity is annoying as it changes colors & modes every time you touch it, which leads to the biggest issue with this nightlight. You HAVE TO PICK IT UP to reach the hard to get to, tiny power button in the rear next to the charging port. For some inexplicable reason, the remote does NOT turn the unit on unless you first press the power button (again, tiny and hard to access in the rear). Poorly designed. So basically to turn it on, you pick it up, press the power button, and since you're still touching it as you put it down, it cycles through modes. Did I mention it deflates/collapses easily, so you have to reshape it first before putting it down. By the time you set it down it usually ends up on the fast color cycle which is super annoying. Just make the remote able to turn it on so you don't have to manhandle it every time. Also, the charging port itself isn't a great fit for the charging cord. Really feels like you're brute forcing it in. And a full charge is surprisingly short so it's pretty much plugged in most of the time. This product obviously didn't go through any honest testing. Definitely disappointing and would not recommend.
This blanket was made for baby hobbits. Way too small.
I would leave zero stars if I could. I previously bought an almost identical Nuby placemat from Target and love it. The one I got at Target is thick silicone and my 9 month old son isn't able to lift it off the table. This one is flimsy, has a white film that I can't wash off, doesn't feel like silicone, and my son easily ripped it off of our table. I'm not sure why this one is so different, but I really don't recommend it.
Was told this would come with a travel case. It was missing when I received. Contacted manufacturer and they told me they know longer cone with it. So I paid full price and was mislead.
Wrong item it was a kids umbrella want adult Size beach umbrella
Absolutely useless. I thought this would be great to throw in my diaper bag for on the go changes but the wipes dry out completely in a matter of hours. I'm so frustrated by this product and cannot believe it's so highly rated. I cannot be the only person carrying around this hunk of plastic with dry baby wipes. Grrrrrr.
Cheaply made, Poor construction. Bought this to have a small stroller on a family vacation to Disney. 2 different wheels broken after 2 days in the park. Tossed it in the dumpster and rented stroller the rest of the week. Do not buy....
The purpose of buying these specific ones was because my daughter and I have a hard time finding the pacifier on the bed at night. I though this would solve the problem, but sure it did not.
The holes to hold the pumps are so far to the side that you can't even pump. I'm very disappointed in this product 😢
Warming function was horrid, returned it.
These pouches are difficult to zipper close, difficult to clean and do not hold as much food as expected. In addition, the product came damaged (one of the zippers was broken). Was sad this product did not live up to it's potential.
Complete waste of money and a useless product. Did not take away or even lessened the smell in diaper genie.dont buy it.
this plate works great though for a very limited time - we've had it for about 3 months and it's no longer usable. like other reviewers have mentioned, regardless of how we're washing it (hand washing w/minimal soap or running it through the dishwasher) it retains an overwhelming smell of soap that departs the taste on anything placed on the plate. its disgusting and given that I would never eat off of it, I definitely won't be letting my 1 year old use. it.
No ventilation. We had to make our own and even when we did so my child still couldn't drink out of it.
Returned item, didnt clamp well to my toilet, will get one that doesnt need to "clamp" on
Bagged ripped after the first use holding a Chicco car seat and being gate checked. It does help protect from overall wear/dirt, but don't expect a reliable barrier or complete rain protection.
Didn't work. It gave me wrong results
0 star. The most important balloon 1 is broken.
Well.. if you like bubbles don't buy this one. The bubbles hit the beak and pop. Could be mine is faulty and the thing isn't blowing hard enough to get the bubble blown out before the wheel turns. Used fresh batteries, going to see if I can break off the poor things beak. 🙄
Product is aweful. Takes 2 people to put together. And the screws and pre drilled holes they gave you split the wood. The wood is low quality pine or something very brittle. Also put extra holes in my $400 crib. I'm not happy at all!
After w days the right wheel started malfunctioning
I put two of these up and both fell down within a few days. I put them up with the command tape it comes with, them it sit for 24 hours without any weight as per the instructions and both fell down before the week was out. thankfully my my cameras didn't break but it did crack the shell. these are a great idea in theory but they need a better way to mount them to the wall. command tape just isn't enough. really disappointed that I wasted $25 between the two sets I bought.
Second tire worked out fine, however I was very disappointed when the first one had a pin sized hole at the bottom of the seal.
Never received this item. E-mailed numerous times. No reply
Used this very lightly until my daughter was several months old. Cover became ridiculously brittle and had numerous splits (with sharp edges!) by the time she was 15 months old, which makes it uncomfortable, not water proof, and prone to bacterial growth. I expected much better from this brand.
Def not waterproof! My car seat got soaked while traveling.
These are terrible! I haven't even had them for a whole month and they already have cracks in the tubing. They also Easily slip off of the connection port which is super annoying. Save your money and buy another brand or just actual spectra tubing.
Would definitely not recommend!!! Although the actual material that the bag is made of seems to be of good quality, the zippers are cheaply made. The zippers on my bag just won't stay closed. It has split open numerous times, spilling all of its contents. Imagine the frustration having to pick everything up with 1 hand as you hold an infant with the other arm.
Completely snapped during first attempt at use.
I'm writing an updated review after I've bad this bag for a few months. I love the space in this bag. It has a pocket for everything but I only store the essentials diaper cream, diapers, wipes, change of clothes and a sippy cup. The strap is already coming apart, it's almost completely frayed, the insulated pocket to store bottles is ripped and the clip to use it as a back pack already broke. I'm really disappointed in the quality and durability of this bag. The items stored in the bag are extremely light and there is no reason this should be falling apart in less than 6 months of using it.
Never was able to install
Literally can not get the back out to put the picture in. It's like the sides go underneath the frame and the back doesn't lift out. I used a butter knife to try and get it out and it ripped up the backing but it still won't come out.
Seriously Kate Aspen? You advertised and charged me for 24 and only put 12 in the packaging. 😡
I don't know if these were a bad batch, but the bags I got were wet and smelled moldy. I couldn't even use them. I had to throw them out because they stink so bad.
My one year old kid is able to pull that
Very very disappointed. I never received my package
Doesn't stay open. No music or anything really entertaining. Will never last up to when my son's is 3 with this poor quality
I purchased this one after I found out the 2 others I purchased from an on-line pet store were going to take 3-4 weeks to get to me. With a new puppy I needed one asap. So I purchased this one. What a disappointment! The "mesh" net was thin and easily ripped by puppy claws. There were NO directions with how to place it. The wall mounts were weak and fell off after one day. I was so upset thinking that the other 2 were going to be the same way and couldn't imagine why this net was highly rated. WELL when the other 2 came they were of much better quality. The mesh net was strong and solid, the wall attachments were big and once I stuck them on the wall there was no getting them off! There was a nice 1 page explanation of how to place the wall attachments to assure the gate worked best. WHAT a difference! The puppy has pawed at it several times and has not ripped it nor has the pressure he placed on the mesh torn the wall attachments off the wall - BOTH of which happened with this cheap version. Buyer BEWARE!
It doesn't help to collect any milk. Wasting money...
When the item arrived the product had already expired. I will definitely be returning this ointment.
I'm disappointed in these. I originally purchased some five years ago that were more durable with the adhesive. This batch pulled off with one tug by my infant.
Sigh. It is the cutest pattern and I was excited to have a nursing cover that works so well! It was also wonderful as a car seat cover. After 3 months of light use and washing in dreft baby detergent a handful of times it started to fade significantly and developed several holes in the material. I'll see if I can post a picture. Over all it has been so very disappointing. And the company emailed me 4 times after purchase to ask for a review. I'm not sure what other brands are like but I'm going to shop around. Or buy some knit fabric and stitch one myself.
Does not stick horrible and doesn't fit right anyway in the drawer due to the design of the lock
Very small and foot piece is a choking hazard, should not be advertised for toddlers.
Read great reviews so I ordered it but I don't like this cup. My toddler couldn't use it at first bcz she needed teeth to squeeze the juice out. She's a late tether. But I tried again and now she likes to turn it upside down & squeeze the top on her tray and spills all the liquid out all over
Ordered Feb 22 as of today March 28. Notified delivery would be after March 15. Amazon site says probably delivered. It has never been received. . Don't buy from this seller
I had to order a replacement because the first one arrived cracked. When I opened my replacement it was also cracked so I never even got to use it. Not a sturdy product.
The first thing I do not like about this gate is when open it does not go flush against the wall. It slowly moves away from the wall. It is in your way when not in use. In terms of it being "adjustable" it is only adjustable in 3" increments. The latching mechanism is flimsy and will not last. I ended up purchasing a different gate and could not be happier.
Doesn't work well in carpet.
Super disappointed with these. It didn't mention in the description that only the outside is “100% organic cotton” and the inside is “100% polyurethane.” If you're looking for a waterproof sheet (which I wasn't) these may work for you, but if you only want organic cotton for your baby to sleep on (which I do), don't buy these. It's too bad that the polyurethane backing wasn't mentioned in the description and that they were advertised as 100% organic jersey fabric. I never would have bought these had the description been accurate. Will be returning.
Came in different color, wasn't soft at all, and I doubt that it was 2,5 tog. So disappointed!
Purchased as a gift and I was embarrassed to say the least. Very flimsy and stringy. For the price Pillows might as well have been not stuffed. I definitely expected a way better and sturdier product.
Instructions are terrible and impossible to understand. Clearly written by someone who doesn't understand English. The music is much too loud and scared my baby. The suction barely got any snot out of her nose. Complete and total waste of money.
Didn't like this product because it peels off since the fist time we used it
These do smell nice but they don't stick well or work to keep bugs away.
#1 the clay is super sticky and hard to work with. #2. The clay is so firm I felt like I was going to hurt my baby making a footprint. #3. The stamps don't work really either. Neither does trying to write in the clay. #4. It cracked in a bunch of places. Waste of money.
This blanket is cheap looking. The fabric so thin for a blanket. Because the blanket is so thin, laying a baby on it for a photo would be impossible to keep the blanket straight so all the numbers would showed up. I am sending it back.
I dislike that it doesn't stay on the baby's belly button area, it moves up to his chest. Defeats its purpose.
It did not come as pictured.
The product was cancelled at the last minute and unavailable for xmas. Never received it.
This was the worst order I have ever purchased with Amazon. I bought it for my grandson as I am his care giver for his parents to work. The motor never worked properly. It finally died a few days after the purchase. I am not trying to sound like a negative ole lady, but I am being honest that this was a terrible product. My family has had better luck with theirs than I.
Great crib my son sleeps well he is 10 months ❤️
My <1 year old daughter pulled the foam off from the adhesive backing in only a couple of days which rendered the bumper useless. The real kicker though, was that when I went to remove the adhesive, I couldn't. It was stuck to the glass coffee table like cement. Industrial strength adhesive remover didn't even work. I'm relieved that it was only glass and I could use a razor not wooden furniture - that would have been completely ruined. Find another option.
Don't waste your money. My baby loves kicking so I thought these would be a hit, but you barely hear the rattle and they are super hard to get in.
My baby didn't like it. Back support seemed too high. My boppy pillow seems to be much more comfortable to baby.
did not work, big long bag with hole in the bottom.
I thought surely the other reviews saying the product cut their baby were an exception. But bo, this product is defective and cut my baby and caused him to bleed. They shouldn't be allowed to sell these. Save yourself and your baby and just buy the windi.
Product did not come with labels for newborn to 2t as clearly stated in description as well as on the package.
Too tight around the neck. My baby hated it because it's so tight around the neck that when he tried to put his hands up, it ends up chocking him. If the size is bigger it's worse because the extra fabric can cover nose and mouth when pushed up.
The person I sent this to NEVER received it!!! Didn't get my money back either!!! Doesn't even deserve 1 star!
Cheap quality. The glue is crap. Dont last more than 2 or 3 months. Don't buy this.
Do not buy this, big Waste of money did not work at all
Timer portion doesn't work. Watch does, seems durable but not helpful. Toddler just excited to wear a watch.
One of the lids of a container was not on correctly. I cannot get the lid on at all. There is 3/4 powder in each container
Product comes off and didn't work well at all
The suction was terrible and milk seeped out into the tubes easily.
Product came apart while riding in the car. Thankfully my daughter threw the beads that came off down instead of putting them in her mouth and choking.
These do not stick on anything. They just fall off
Wrong order, I selected the frog ones & the package it came in was OPEN! So disappointed.
The door piece broke immediately when I tried to hang it. No flexibility in the plastic.
The quality of the fabric can't be worse. Rough and stiff. Don't waste your money and time. Return it goes.
Did not receive anything. Dont know how to get ahold of the sellers.
Hugely disappointed! They sent the wrong color rocker and the wrong fabric cushions. When I returned it, the product I originally ordered was no longer available.
Looks used. Poor quality. All wrinkled up when delivered. Rough
Never received the item
It ripped within twenty minutes of using it for the first time. Waste of money.
The blanket has a stains on it. The the headband was wet. The box was dry. I can't give a half star.
I bought these for my infant, and according to the description, they should have fit him. Unfortunately, they were huge and bulky. On top of that, they didn't cancel noise in the least. I have a pretty small head and was able to try them out, as well as my seven-year-old, and both of us agreed that there was very little to no noise reduction when we were wearing these earmuffs. I am returning, and will purchase a better brand in the future.
I ordered this and it didn't come with the caps or the funnel
Cheaply made. Not worth the price
I really wanted to like these and I tried a similar set (the elephant ones) and the all have torn and now leak when my kiddos drink from them. Super disappointed and would like a refund. Beware they tear easy and are NOT durable. We were gentle putting them on the bases too.
The blanket is cute but I am also disappointed. When I ordered the blanket it stated that everything was included, that's why I ordered this one or I would ordered one that did! I love that the seller changed the description after the 1 star review. I'll be contacting Amazon not only did I not get everything that was stated. It was 12 days late.
I don't think it works very good and certainly not for the price 😢
I was sent wrong team emblem on the light and it took over 2 months to receive
My wife was looking forward to this pump because her breasts are producing more milk than the baby is taking in. I paid for fast 2 day shipping but it still took a week to get here. The directions are written in horrible English. You can see the cylinder going up and down but no suction. I pressed everything down tight and pressed the tubes in tight. No suction. My wife's breasts hurt and I'm a little upset this pump did not work.
I want to love this because Skip Hop makes amazing products, but this white noise machine is way too quiet. I can hardly hear anything coming out. I got a few white noise machines and this one is by far the quietest. The Hatch which is not portable is nice and loud. I got another travel white noise machine on Amazon that looked like a little bunny and it's nice and loud. I don't know why this machine is so quiet. I regret buying it, but that's probably why it was affordable.
Did not get storage bin and the table was the wrong characters it was suppose to be frozen instaed i got Ariel and belle..it did come early...and can not get a hold of seller to get it fixed u can only email them and then they responded saying they dont answer emails on friday or saturday because they are jewish
Really disappointed I ordered this and said blue bottles and received clear color do not buy ... also package was open!!!
The bassinet is advertised as a travel bassinet. Two of the four click-locks that hold the legs together didn't work after the first time traveling. The legs just fall apart now when you lift the bassinet. Also, it is VERY difficult to find sheets that fit. We were lucky to find the last place on earth that sells them so large at $20 each sheet.
Bought this and returned it. My baby didn't like any of the swing options he prefers the basic forward and back which this does not offer. I'd say it's too expensive. I think it has too many options that are not ever used.
I've only used this a handful of times and it's already falling apart. The seams on the inside of the larger compartment of the bag became undone so now there's a hole on the inside of it. I would definitely return this bag if I hadn't miss the return window; I had bought this bag before I gave birth and didn't use until recently. The bag is designed nicely but durability is quite poor. Used less than a month
I received my package yesterday. I was so excited and happy to know that it arrived, because my little one has been teething really bad and it's been a nightmare. I opened the package and inside was the Baltic box. The box was perfectly sealed. I opened it up and there was no necklace in there. Just these cards. So upset and disappointed.
This baby Robe was course and had no give to it so it was extremely difficult to put my baby in. It was so cute and I wanted to love it.
What the what is this! Big hole in the top of the head rest. This makes me so sad. I was really looking forward to using this product.
Very awkward to put on kid. By the time you are done putting it on because of the zipper the baby is awake
I would give this towel zero stars if it was possible. It's cheap and it has black stain marks all over it
I never received the product.
Don't buy this is so hard unbuckle ☹️ With twins, is more hard!
Tried these bottles for my 2 month old. Terrible less than a week and he developed colic again. Had to return did not work for me. These were also very inconvenient and prolonged the amount of time it took to make a bottle.
The first one I ordered, the bolt for the cover broke before I even got it put together. I should have known better than to get a replacement.. we now have a cover less toy box because the top broke off again!
I am only giving two because I like the design, but the quality is very bad. The sticker not holding on the wall and removing after one day.
I'd like to send these back, but too much trouble. Really thin and flimsy, not what I wanted.
I received the wrong blanket and cannot find contact information to return and get the correct one!
It was so scratchy and uncomfortable. There is no way the cover was cotton. It felt like polyester and made me wake up sweaty. The head part killed my neck. I hated this thing.
Broke after the first time using it. I did not even have much of a weight on it.
Purchased for a gift but thermometer came broken.
No practical for me. Went to trash can very quickly.
I have ordered this supposed 36" adapter kit TWICE and both times I have been sent the 42" adapter kit instead which is way too big for our banister.
Set was missing the 3 and 4 month sticker. By time I noticed it was too late to return/exchange.
Meh. I don't like these. I had lansinoh ones a few years ago that were great, should have just spent the extra money to get those again. Description says you can use these in the microwave but the packaging says not to. I did try it for about 10 seconds and it sounded like popcorn. There's no vent or whatever the description says to "open" for use in the microwave. Ended up ok but you really do need to heat them up in hot water which is not convenient for me or any breastfeeding mom I know. They are not full of the beads. Maybe two of the compartments can be full at a time. Because of this, they are very flimsy and it's hard to keep the warm beads on the top of your breast if that's where you have a clog going on. Overall pretty disappointed.
These bottles were great then all of a sudden they started leaking. All 4 bottles at the same time after about 4 weeks. Makes me very angry wasting my precious breast milk.
I would love to leave a 5 start rating, my grand daughter absolutely loves this. The cup that attaches to the desk is broken, I am currently trying to figure out how to contact for just the cup and not have to send the whole thing back. It is put together and my grand daughter would be so disappointed.
I received a used product that has black smudges on all the buttons. I will be returning this product.
Came without the leash portion which was the whole point of buying this . Very disappointed as we are leaving for Disney tomorrow . Don't buy if you are in a time crunch in case it comes incomplete .
These are horrible! They smell disgusting and off gas forever, and you have to manually stick three stickers on each corner, then they fall off in a couple months, max. Total garbage.
What a disappointment. The buttons were flimsy and barely worked. And the unit made a very loud horrendous grinding noise while spinning. So much so, that it scarred my four-year-old. Avoid at all costs!!!
Worst screen quality I've ever seen. I couldn't see anything but an outline of my daughter.
This is definitely a you get what you pay for product. This product is very cheaply made. The innertube itself is very thin and doesn't hold air well. The steering wheel doesn't stay on. It popped off the first time my grandson touched it.
not sure if is works properly and if just very slow to read the temperature. Not satisfied
When my infant sits underneath and kicks the legs its only a matter of time before the button comes undone and the leg goes flying and comes crashing down on her. She's only 3 months old now and its been occurring since she was even one month old. She isn't seriously injured from this but she cries a lot. We finally had enough and are getting rid of it.
beware. glue quality is terrible. it first had trouble sticking on cleaned dried doors then the plastic and the glu pad did not hold together! we had some earlier version that still is attached, the new white/grey plastic version is not good at all!
Loved it at first but stopped working after 3 months. So disappointing.
Both of my kids don't like it. One is 5 years old and the other is 3. I don't think this potty is as good as said by other reviewers. I will give it to my nephew. Maybe he would like it..
Constantly having to pure water to keep wipes warm and it doesnt get that warm at all
I am so upset I have order this in Nov and I still have not receive my package I have tried to contact the seller twice and I still haven't had no answer I try to track it and it's not giving me any results they cannot find the tracking number.. don't buy
It would be a great product if it stayed on.
I believe these bags would be a good idea if it were not for the fact that the very first one I tried to use was TORN. See pictures. Returning this product. Thanks.
SUPER thin/see through.
Product is good but company has bad customer service. Product didn't fit my crib and they wouldn't let me return the item because I waited too long to write them. I haven't opened it and would like to return it but can't.
Ice pack started leaking its blue fluid after 2 months of use, had to throw out. Bag is fine.
This seller is selling counterfeit wubbanub products. The dead give away is the packaging, but when you inspect further you notice the pacifier itself is nothing like the authentic ones in stores. BEWARE - This probably may be defective, poisonous, or god knows what
I put this item up as a full wall mural in my grandsons bedroom. The paper was poor quality and started to fall apart as the installer applied the glue to adhere it to the wall. Very disappointed. Wouldn't recommend this product.
Unfortunately this item failed us. We ordered this to help keep our 8 year old son with autism safe. He was able to get his buckle off without using a key and escape from the car. Thankfully he was found safe. But this product did not keep our son safe.
Not happy at all with these cups. Milk sprays everywhere when it is in the straw. The top also closes whenever my daughter leaned it over to drink from it. Ended up being a waste of money. And the search for cups continues...
I want to warn all Android users that their phone app is so buggy that you will not be able to connect to the camera. I'm using galaxy s10 I tried half an hour to connect to this camera, followed all their instructions but my app was switching between two screens and didn't even give me a chance to insert my wifi credentials in the app. Guess what, I checked in play store reviews, a lot of users are having this issue. Just check their app reviews in the play market (still not sure how well it will work for apple). I would really be happy to call their customer support and see if they could resolve this issue, but they don't have any support number to call them. I also wondered how they were able to have such a high rating on Amazon. The secret is simple, they are just sending 32gb memory card for free to people who will write a good review for the product. Disappointed.
Never received product!
Spent hours to put them on the wall, and they peeled off the next morning. Would not recommend this product!
Oh my god. What is this ? This clearly is not a diaper. I am 65 years old and have personally handled a thousands of diapers. This is nothing but 10 sheets of cheesecloth. Shame on you for using the Gerber name.
Hi, I mistakenly bought this product...never even opened the package...all I am trying is to return it. The return code I received, I presented to UPS and they did not pick up the package (per your instructions it did not work). Please resend a regular shipping label so I can print it on my own. Thanks. BTW, I did buy two of these gates from you and we love them. Solid product. I will change the review stars once I receive the label. (I only put one in the hope you will read it and help me out. Thanks. ).
Does not stick at all.
Flimsy, cheap, thin, horrible quality. I don't like to feel robbed of my hard earned money. This product is Nothing like pictured. It holds nothing and there's no strap that extends around the seat.
The product states that you can fit formula for three 9oz bottles and its not true, I couldn't even fit 5 scoops of formula powder in one of the spaces. It takes 6 scoops of powder formula to make a 9oz bottle so if I could barely fit 4 scoops then this was false advertisement.
This is ok. I liked it wasn't a net at the top so it was easy to clean but that was the only good thing-it's hard to get anything out of the bottom so if it slides down or if they finish what's in the top then it's basically just frustration from then on also i wasn't able to choose the color and it came in pink, I would have preferred a different color for a boy.
I ordered these and never received them
Really bad quality and when you wanna return and get refund the service is really bad, they never reply your request and complain, and you need to wait long time to let Amazon solve the problem.
Came broken or broke immediately after opening. Two sharp metal pieces were sticking out from where tension rod was broken, seems a little dangerous.
Hat bells were broken off on arrival. The rest of the items didn't arrive.
It was not comfortable for my baby! I barely use it one day and remove it from the car seat. The ears tightened his face and did not allow to adjust correctly the belts of the safety belt, which represents risks for my baby. I was happy to receive this product because it is beautiful but it turned out to be disappointing :(
The hinges do not work, but after reading the article in Saturdays WSJ I wonder about lead since it seems that this is made outside the country. It would be reassuring to know.
Color not as expected per the order, for a girl but received more masculine colors.
It sucks. It comes apart. My daughter can't stand cause it doesn't come out far enough.
I still haven't received this item so it's hard to give any review.
This storage bin has a toxic smell that will not go away. I should have read the reviews, but never thought this would be an issue. I would not put this in your home. I would not put this anywhere near a Childs room. I am calling the manufacturer to insist on a refund and I'm taking it to the dump.
Didn't even ship with the white bucket. Had to return to amazon and have a new one sent. Disappointed as we've had plenty of Baby Bjorn products and have never had problems
My baby did not care for this product as it moved too slowly and to make matters worst I couldn't even put it on his bassinet which was the original reason for it in the first place as it would not clip on the fabric which covers the WHOLE bassinet like a normal one.... will be returning
Waste of money. Charges and even turns red like manual says when charging but the remote doesn't work neither does the touch control.
Choking hazard. Gave 5 month old the bottle shape and she put it in her mouth and the small nipple park got jammed in back of her throat and she gagged and threw up. A dangerous toy. THe shape of the teether is wrong for babies as they put in mouth and it is so narrow it goes to back of throat and makes them choke. Should be taken off market- dangerous and obviously not tested on babies who are teething! DO NOT BUY UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES UNTIL THEY CHANGE THE SHAPE. HOw they could sell this shaped teether that has narrow parts that goes into mouth and into back of throat and gags babies is beyond me...they are totally clueless and irresponsible to put this on the market.
Well it's been 6 months and I still don't have the storage bin, so I suppose this review reflects more in the seller than the actual product.
I am on my second mobile, the first made a terrible screeching noise by the second day of using it. They happily replaced it however the second one stopping spinning a week into using it.
I placed this around my 6 month's neck. Within minutes, one of the beads broke in half! This is not durable at all! This is a huge chocking hazard!
Fell apart shortly after using
Ears became unthreaded, attempted to get another and another towel was sent yet I was charged again for another one. Very disappointed in the customer service.
My baby's fingers got caught on the sides of this high chair tray. There is a gap on both sides. What a horrible design flaw! I'm surprised others haven't listed this in their reviews. We are sending it right back.
This item DOES not Fit every stroller. It's a very terrible purchase. The elastic is very loose and just falls right off, one touch of your child's hand and this net is coming down. Save your money
Product came not damaged, however they failed to put the bag with all the screws in the box. So 2 nights before Christmas my husband and I scrambled, had to spend $25 on hardware and hours figuring out what type of screws to buy and how to assemble it. VERRRY FRUSTRATING! Open and check that everything is there!
I ordered this item not knowing it was $30 overpriced, then tried to cancel my order with it the first 12 hours of ordering and they did not get back to me even though it said it was going to take a few days to ship. When I finally got it I had to pay about $5 to send it back. I sent it back unopened and unused but was still charged a 20% restocking fee. This is outrageous and a huge ripoff. Do not purchase from this third-party seller!!!!
Stop working in less than a month.
Monitor video stopped working after 3 days. Audio still worked. Returned it.
heave, hard to maneuver, uncomfortable for the kids. I have been through about 7 stroller with all my kids and so far this is the worst stroller I have ever bought. I hate it so much I rather have my kids walk than take it out and push it. Not happy with this purchase and don't recommend it to anyone.
I've had this bag for just over 3 months using it during the work week and this morning the strap broke! I never leave bad reviews but this was not an inexpensive item.
I did not like that I had to hold the seat so that it did not move and scare my granddaughter. I did not want to tie it down as we needed to remove it for the adults. The included strap was fabric. Fabric and toilets do not mix.
Just bought two of these packages. After following the directions to boil them for 10 minutes, 4 of the 6 bottles have bottoms that are so warped they won't stand up. They are basically unusable, unless you want to spill everything everywhere.
This did work great while it was on my door, but I'm giving it one star because it broke the same day we put it on the door. Seller needs a more durable product. Don't waste your money.
Doesn't work well, not comfortable
Won't even fit the door knobs. Waist of money. They say rubber, but they are hard plactic.
The picture shows the old pacifier they used to carry and it Came with their new updated pacifier which my baby will not take, the only reason I bought this was because they no longer sale the old style pacifier and i was thinking this came with that one because of the picture
Absolutely horrible- Do NOT buy!!! Why Amazon would you allow a seller this bad...this product is not worth $1 much less $10... I asked for a refund but highly doubt I'll hear from the seller based on the other reviews. Amazon - please remove this product before someone else gets suckered into buying this. I certainly will never buy anything again that doesn't have any reviews!! Not worth the 1 star I have to give to do this review.
Concept is good but not thrilled with the product. The writing is too faint, then when you try to remove it- very hard to get off. Second week of use (we only use them twice a week) one snapped in half.
Get an opened item with wrong size. Ordered NB but got XL. So disappointed with this time purchase
My 22 month old can EASILY unbuckle the chest buckle - we have to cover the buckle with duct tape EVERY time we put her in the seat. VERY disappointed
Difficult to assemble and more difficult to mount on wall
Two small for a normal seat belt. Probably for a child seat
The pump broke after a week of use. It quit turning on, which is ridiculous given the amount of money it cost.
Does not work like the old "Happy Baby Baby Food Grinder of the 80's. BOO! HISS!
Not we were looking for
I ordered two only received one :/
Came in pieces so it was hard to put the bodies together. I ended up throwing mine away because of how cheap it looked. Nothing like the photo.
The magnet system is a good idea...but none of the stickies stuck, so it is not working for us. We need new stickies but cant see how to contact the company just for new stickies, instead of having to go through the whole return process =/
I found this carrier to be very bulky and wife. My baby was uncomfortable and legs were very widely spread. It was near impossible to use and took a team to get it on and off and baby in and out. I returned it immediately. I've heard many moms say they love this one but it was not for us
I purchased this mat to protect the rug under my sons high chair but the mat doesn't stay in place. It's thin fabric moves and bunches too easily that I just gave up and stopped using it. It did not work well for my needs.
I tried couple times during my baby's shower. It kept falling down and my baby refused to wear it after couple times because water still get into her eyes and on her face. It's very hard to adjust it. After shower, I saw several hair in the water which makes me feel even worse.
Disappointed. Product came a day late after being notified it was out for delivery and would be delivered before 9pm. After 9pm, was updated delivery delayed. New delivery date for following day. We had an early flight and would miss delivery so I could not bring this with me and it was a gift...also left with no time to get new gift before leaving. Came home to find package with item-opened it and it was damaged, box dented and cracked. Somewhat expensive for what you get too, small lamb and small book. Overall, very disappointed.
I'm not someone who typically complains about a little off-gassing (things often smell a bit right out of the package) but these mats absolutely reek. I left them outside for weeks, draped over chairs on our covered patio, but they still smell. No chance I am putting these in my car! Frustrating because I foolishly tossed the packaging, assuming the scent would dissipate.
These were huge. Used to using flats and folding them into thirds to insert in covers. These couldn't possibly do that. Can only be fixed folded as the diagram shows.
First off the shower plug does not go back down, then it never seems to dry off, and lastly there is good padding on it but not in the right place,
These do not last very long and it traps smells no matter how hard you clean the pouch. They also stain almost immediately and it's a pain to clean under the seal that lines the bottom so food gets trapped very easily. Definitely would not trust putting these in the dishwasher for that reason. They were great at first but after 3-4 uses I had to throw them away.
Less than a week and it broke. 😩
The width adjustability on this gate is badly designed, or should I say non-existent. Although there are multiple tension mechanisms they do not freely adjust to any width. If the width is not exact to the setting the gate just falls off. There is NO tension included in the technology.
Packaging is not customer friendly - excessive, overly strong and tight zip ties that are difficult to cut (cut my finger in the process). I suggest Amazon require more customer friendly packaging. Volume is not user controllable - some of the Baby Einstein toys are loud while others are barely audible. Poor quality control.
Whether it worked on wrinkles or not, it felt great just as a facial massager. Lasted all of 2 weeks before it broke...
I really loved the diaper bag when I first got it ! It's so similar to the fawn design diaper bag and half the price ! Which I soon realized was a bad thing , I purchased the bag in September and it's only December and already the main zipper broke ! I can't even use it anymore SUPER DISSATISFIED!
The break on our first stroller broke after 3 weeks use. Amazon very efficiently sent a replacement which had the same problem after just two weeks. Clearly there is an issue with the breaks on this stroller. Avoid buying it - a stroller without a break is dangerous.
The product arrive with broken packaging. There was a strange strange in the stand.
The package was very damaged and so was the product ... very disappointed!!
When immediately cancelling the order the company had the official cancel info from Amazon and they billed me and sent the item anyway. I immediately sent the item back and 7 days later I'm still waiting for the refund
I ordered a bunch of these to have to give my 3 month old gripe water, as well as his supplements that he needs in breastmilk (instead of having to pump and give him a whole bottle for 5 drops of probiotics and 5 drops of vitamin d) They are a pain to close. You can't simply screw them together, they have weird little tabs that have to somehow weirdly line up. I've had a few spills when this hasn't been done right They are an awkward top heavy shape, so they tip over easily. This is extra annoying seeing as how they don't have caps to at least protect the nipple if this happens. The measurement lines rub off fast and easy. I've washed the one pictured twice, by hand, super gently with dawn dish soap and air dried yet somehow the numbers rubbed off. They're easy to clean though. So there's that. You're better off buying a different brand that has the units etched into the plastic so they can't rub off. Pros -easy to clean Cons -not always easy to screw the top onto the base without risking leaks -awkward shape means they can tip over easily. No cap to make this less of a problem -units rub off almost as easily as dry erase.
Too good to be true. I rarely leave a negative review but this product warrants it. The pictures make this look amazing. Unfortunately, what you receive is not the same quality. It's like ordering a high-def image and receiving the correct image, but in standard-def. Deceiving advertising. Too bad, loved the idea of the raised areas but this is a poorly made product. I saw someone else mention this but the manufacturer responded saying the person works for a competitor. Turns out their review was accurate.
Loved the capacity and portion size so I used it soon after I got it. It cracked the first time I got food out of it. One tray is lost and I'm afraid to use the other.. I cannot recommend it and will stick to silicone baby good trays.
Update: I was so disappointed when this broke after a dozen uses. It no longer steams which has made it useless. The blade has dulled as well. This was a big waste. I never thought I would be the Suzie Homemaker type who makes her own baby food. My little one has a lot of allergies so I feel better about giving her food when I know exactly what is in it. This makes it so easy. All I have to do is chop up some raw veggies, set the timer and walk away. It steams it and the blends it to a puree. I am usually able to make enough for 2 days at a time. It can also be used to steam or blend only.
Hard for my baby to suck the milk
Gave my baby a rash on the check every time he slept on his side . I contacted the company and they didn't seem to care .
I like the way the bag design but the top leaks and milks get to everything. Then I lost a good amounts of milk for my baby. Bags are too defective, not once but with multiple purchases. I will not try to buy again.
Sad excuse for an organization product. It's extremely flimsy and not very well made. Doesn't even lay flat against the door!
Sorry! This does not work! Can I send it back? It is useless!
Disappointed. The rim around the edge makes it difficult to clean without rinsing it in the tub. The worst part is that the loop that you can hang the seat from has a gap in the plastic. The seat eventually slips off the command strip that holds it against our cabinet and come crashing down (inevitably in the middle of the night).
Not worth the money Very disappointed when I saw this Mat how small it truly is not worth the price!!! Very unhappy!!!!
Cheap cheap cheap. Cheaply made, poor quality, small, feels like paper not quality for laundry
Bought it two weeks ago. The case is already cracked in 3 places. Haven't dropped it.
This would be fantastic- the idea is great. However, the way it unfolds and sits on the toilet, my kid's bum gets pinched sitting on it. It was a waste of money for us, I tossed it.
Very poor material. Also very messy and could not see the imprint well. Was also discolored along the edges.
Not the same nuby spoon that I expected the entire spoon is too soft and flexible
When I washed that, started to smell like plastic, I read and it seems foam isn't healthy, especially for babies!
DON"T WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!! It is WAY TOO BIG for a baby starting to eat solids. We tried it only ones and my little one couldn't eat from eat. After one use with banana the rubber also stained in a gross yellow color.
Item is very cute. My daughter wanted this for her future son even though it wasn't organic which is what she's trying to use. she thought it was super cute it but it had a not natural order to it. we didn't even wash it to see if the odor washed out. since the baby will be in his bassinet most of the first part of life we don't want him breathing in anything with a toxic odor.
They sent the wrong name. Trying to resolve but have not heard back from seller.
The bag is a lot smaller than expected. It did not fit a dr brown baby bottle in any compartment. I returned it.
Not pleased at all got these for my son and it's pink. False advertising. They need to show the actual product instead of making people think it's a different color. Never buying from this company again.
We went out for breakfast at a diner I used to work at and I was so excited to try these since baby girl is eating table foods and won't keep anything on a plate. When we were finished eating, we peeled off the placemat and it destroyed the finish on the table!! I am so embarrassed! Wish I never wasted my money on these.
The product came in broken condition. Very flimsy piece of plastic. Doesn't hold up heavy pot lid.
I purchased one, thought the plastic screw not fitting was a one-off issue. Ordered a replacement and the same thing is wrong. There is a large plastic screw in the bottom that holds two flat circles together to clamp the mobile onto the side of the crib. But the piece that receives the screw doesn't actually have any threading or any lip for the screw to grab onto. I tried putting on the crib thinking the weight would keep enough pressure to not wiggle around and it just fell apart. Do not purchase unless you are ok with permanently gluing or duct taping the thing onto the crib.
-very thin - things are very spaced. -material quality
Pacifiers were sent in a design that wasn't shown in the descriptions. I was fine with receiving any of the 4 sports designs shared but received sports designs that were pink and had pink hearts on them. I tried a second time in hopes of getting something different and still received the pink/hearts designs.
The seller contacted me about wanting feedback about their product.....I did by email....no answer yet...don't buy this for ur 2 month old baby...the nipple is too small.
It came on time. I really wanted to love it. Size was good. Not so durable. Super staticky. My daughter used if for 10 min. and didn't want to use it any more. The stitches came loose the second day when my daughter tried to open the cover. I will not recommend this.
Didn't work for me. My three year old pull the door strongly and this lock was not able to hold the door.
This bag is not the black and grey shown in photos, it's more of a navy and light navy grey color. The material is cheap and crunchy, definitely not anything like what is pictured on the outside or inside. I'll most definitely be returning to try a different brand. Disappointed.
No instructions came with this product. The gate wouldn't stand up when I got it together. Went back into the bag, haven't used it. Glad it didn't cost a lot!!!
The shade is too transparent and barely creates any shade Also due to the rectangular shape it does not cover the slanted back corners of a normal car backseat window The one thing this has that is better than other models is the optional hook to go over the window so you are not reliant on the suction cups to hold it up I ended up returning this item as it barely reduces the glare
I tried to install this item, as advertised and it did not work. The placement of the buckle and the strap adjustment do not line up with my car seat. My son also did not like the concept of having it on before he fell asleep. "Just in case."Obviously, you can not install or adjust the device driving down the road. I have a diono carseat.
😮..... SHOCK 😫..... SAD 😥..... DISAPPOINTED I'm redoing my living room thought I found the perfect center rug to match pillows , drapes everything. It just came a few minutes ago. And when the postman place the package at my door it's a SMALL package . And I'm looking forward to a nice size package (rug) , I OPEN the main package and SAW IT'S THE CENTER RUG 😯. Right then and there I'm VERY UNHAPPY ( TOO SMALL) very much so. I DIDN'T PROCEED in TAKING IT OUT OF THE CLEAR PLASTIC. I IMMEDIATELY call to RETURN IT. now I have to look for an other center rug. So disappointed. I see where it's NO LONGER IN STOCK AND NOT SURE WHEN. THAT'S A GOOD THING. NO ONE ELSE NEED TO BE DISAPPOINTED. Truly, Unhappy Customer
When I took them out of the clear plastic bag they felt cheaply made, and looks extremely cheap. Like I bought them at the dollar tree.
Poor design. Hard to use. The timer sucks! Takes too long to work.... ended up as a night light.
This is the rare glow in the dark ceiling moon that DOESN"T GLOW IN THE DARK. Was very happy to give it to my Toddler but to say the seller picture is a misrepresentation would be an understatement.
Never received it, even though it shows as delivered
Did not keep snacks fresh even for an hour.
I bought this product and the gate was not leveled or closed. I returned and the replacement came exactly the same. How is that possible??
If I had most of the packaging, I would return these in a heartbeat. I ordered these because they were supposedly slow flow nipples but they are too fast for our newborn. Do not recommend if you're looking for slow flow nipples. Disappointed.
I bought this to hang stuffed animals in a child's room which has worked for me in the past, but this one didn't work very well. This one was kind of cheap and not really worth the money.
I never leave negative feedback but Amazon customer service has been horrific lately! To buy a stroller at this price point and have the frame all scratched up as soon as you unwrap it is just in acceptable. I suspect this is more of an issue with the dark frame. I contacted them to replace with any other color and they refused! I have had this item here for a week! Their 2 day shipped was delayed 5 days, got this a week later than needed and now I'm told I can't exchange the color. ANY other retailer would allow it. If you're spending this much money on anything SHOP LOCAL!! Amazon has gotten too big to care about us loyal customers!
I was expecting better resolution the images are pretty blury. The camera is cute but I thought the resolution will be better as well as th sound. The original camera works best.
Poorly made. Looks better in picture. Cheap looking when you open it up.
Edit: the product worked fine for a week... and then it broke. The whole mechanism got really hot and then it didnt work.
My toddler literally pulled every single one off the door knobs. Do not waste your money. They are cheap plastic!
I would like to return this it is too flimsy
Returned item. After assembly the seat was touching the floor and would not swing with my baby in it. Cheap bar materials too.
Did not rec'd the item
This didn't last more than a month. We live in New York and need something to actually protect the baby from wind and weather. All the velcro ripped off and it tore. A huge slit in the front part which is supposed to protect the baby's face .. I'm about to look up a better quality one and spend more because this is not it chief.
This device will cause your baby a lot of agony. Each time your baby get hungry, she will cry until she gets her milk. Because this is a slow machine, it means that she will cry for several minutes each time. In a year, that's 5 min/time x 10 times/day * 365 days = 12.7 days of pure crying and suffering. Be nice to your kids and remove the stress. This it a pointless 'invention'. It also broke in a couple of months in my hands. The easiest is to use a microwave that heats the milk in 20 s. Works each time and is totally harmless, as long as you don't overheat it. There's a lot of misinformation due people doing stupid things with microwaves in the past but don't worry about it. Be nice to you baby and don't buy this product
Very cheap and plastic looking
Very disappointing. Sprouted a leak first time using. Also felt it is a bit too big to act as a lower back pillow.
I returned these as soon as I received them. Product description says they have an envelope closure, but they do not! They are open at the end. Buying these was a total waste of my time.
These are ginormous and I got the smallest size. It's super bulky under clothes and almost looks like they're wearing a diaper.
I have liked other sleepers in different patterns but these particular ones have a massive horrible zipper that makes them unusable.
Misleading picture! I recieved a neck scarf not a blanket/wrap...also headband is NOT included...very dissapointed but for $3.00 i was able to just throw it away.
The size was not as described, but I was still able to use it
I bought this for my daughter as a first straw cup however, she can't even use it. The straw is too short and doesn't even reach the bottom of the cup rendering it useless. I would avoid purchasing.
My original review is below, but after having this for a while as a secondary seat only, I say don't buy. You cannot get this seat tight, the latches are merely metal clips that bend too easy, and the base being flimsy only gets worse. My daughter sways in the back the whole time we drive. I'm actually trading this seat in to be recycled and replacing with another Graco. No way in heck this would last long term or in an accident. Not worth the risk! I purchased this seat to compare to a graco 4 ever all in one for quality and also fit. I have a 2014 Chevrolet 1500 crew cab truck, so space is tight from the rear facing seat to the back of the front seat. After having these seats side by side, I have to say the graco is worth every penny. It's very solid in construction, no wobbling, quality fabrics. The plastics are quite a bit sturdier and not flimsy whatsoever. I don't have any doubt that the 4 ever seat will last 10 Years. The safety first is a good seat, it's just not on the level of the graco. The plastics are noticeably thinner, slight wobble, the fabrics are softer but don't keep their shape (it came with the headrest crumpled up) and are warmer than the graco, something important to keep in mind for our Texas weather. The base on the safety first is narrow and sways on hard floor or car seats no matter how tight the belt is. For being taller in height, I'm surprised to find that the graco fits better in my truck. The safety first takes more room reclined, and has many less recline options. It's also wider than the graco. Had my daughter not spit up on the safety first as I was testing it, I would return it and get another graco. The difference in price is well worth the quality. When it comes to budget, I just don't think car safety is the pace to trim dollars. It's important to note that the graco can serve as a backless booster and handle 20 pounds more. I'm hoping the safety first will last as a secondary seat, but for those shopping for a primary seat, please save your dollars and invest in the 4 ever. My vehicle and my husbands have quite a few safety features that not all vehicles may have, which is the only reason I'm comfortable keeping this seat.
Wierd spandex like material. My skin felt like it was snagging on it and it felt awful.
Returned this because it didn't work (or at least I couldn't figure it out).
I am outraged and so disappointed, I went to boil the bottle to clean it and notice a small dot not thinking anything it was a hole and it completely melted the bottle. I barely had it in the water. I am so upset.
The bookshelf arrived missing half the hardware required to assemble.
I ordered a brown changing table and it came in White. I am expecting and this is not except a bowl when I requested an order Brown. Why was it sent in White? It's hard for my to left and etc. Being pregnant. I need the right color.
Never received it. I received an empty bag with bubble rap.
Upon first wash the hats came undone/unglued and my baby never got to use them. So unfortunate because they are sooo cute!
I bought this item a few months ago and just took it out and tried inflate it today as I am just now getting to the point where I can not sleep comfortably and there is a sizable hole in the seem for the belly cut out. Due to it position (the seam where the pillow is put together) it can not be patched. The pillow deflates in less than 10 minutes without there even being weight or pressure on it. Since it was a couple of months ago, it says the product is ineligible for return, yet it has not even been used once. I would have thought that this product for it price and reviews would have better manufacturing. A waste of $70.00 +
I did not receive this item
After just one month of use, these replacement parts broke. The plastic piece that that fits into the flange (as pictured) literally cracked off. I've washed these only by hand so the poor quality is shocking.
Held not even 2 oz of milk and then started leaking despite my airtight suction against my skin
They do what there supposed to do. Supper easy to install. They were shipped fast. Update these all fell off stickers Don't hold.
I purchased two of these car seats. We are very unhappy with them. 1) The cushions come off too easily and don't stay on well when reattached. In particular the cushion under the child's legs comes off all the time. 2) it is too difficult to pull the harness strap tight. My wife can hardly pull the strap tight enough on my child. I have to frequently come behind her to re-tighten it. It is like there is too much friction on the pull strap. 3) When no child is in the seat, it rattles horribly! Both seats we purchased exhibit the exact same issues. We paid top dollar for the best seats on the market and are really regretting our decision.
This is the worst stroller I purchased I t doesn't go straight, constantly pulls it to the right, there is no straight alignment, you fight to straighten this stroller and get tired. Made in China and there was no quality control not to see this bad alignment.
These are HUGE! Ordered newborn size and received GIANT diaper inserts!
The swing malfunctioned a month after I started using it. It will swing very fast on the lowest setting. This is not safe for a baby. I've reached out to graco twice, but they have yet to respond to me. Very disappointed!
This is literally just a BOWL. Nothing else.
Way to small and not the right size. Very thin and flimsy very disappointed.
I was so happy when I receive the package but When I put the CDs in there was no sound on none of them not happy at all
Very cheep, it broke the next day
Probably a good product but unfortunately received one that was used and had to return it. Very disappointing.
Extremely disappointed with the outcome of my order for this dresser! I initially ordered it about a month ago and was really excited because it matches the same design as my sons crib. Received the dresser and it was damage in several spots. Contacted Amazon and they had someone pick it up and delivered a new on (this took close to 2 weeks). Well I received the new dresser and guess what.. damaged! So disappointing! I contacted Amazon and the customer service rep did issue a refund (obviously) but was very nasty about it and overall not helpful. I asked how can I go about getting this same dresser without it being damaged and their was no suggestion. Currently second guessing Amazon as a whole!
WASTE OF MONEY, DO NOT PURCHASE. THESE ARE NOT AT ALL ADHESIVE, JUST KEEP FALLING OFF, TAPE IS NOT AT ALL STICKY. MY BABY CAN SIMPLY PICK THEM OUT. DO NOT BUY.
It just didnt work for my baby. Wasnt close to my nipple size or shape. Nice shipping though.
The timer was great. Easy to use. It's not at all waterproof. My daughter washed her hands (like 3s do) and got water on it and it completely died. Bag of rice and it was up and going but off a bit. She washed her hands at preschool and it was done for. Wish we'd paid more attention to waterproof watches - this doesn't handle water well at all. It wasn't submerged. It's a bathroom and it's going to get wet with little hands learning. Very bummed to lose $20 down the drain.
cheap, arrives all smashed up from being shipped from china
Good context but the material is too heavy so it doesn't latch on for long. Not to happy my liquid gold milk spilled everywhere
Pretty cool concept.. unfortunately it did not work in finding my baby's heartbeat. A little too good to be true so I've sent it back for a refund. But I am a nurse and you could hear great lung sounds!
These are super flimsy and annoying to deal with. They did not help me or my child brush his teeth. Felt cheap and like they were gunna break in his mouth. Do not buy.
Still waiting for my package. I ordered with one day shipping and its been 4 days and nothing.
if you do not bring the pump you must change the photo eye this is incomplete
I honestly would want to give this 4 starts but i was disappointed that it came with a hole in the net and I was wondering if anyone else experienced fhis! I am trying fo reach out to the seller but i cant. I really need them to see this! Im having my baby girl soon and i wouldnt want this to be an issue esp when babies get curious and start poking things around
My dog managed to rip a hole in the mesh in less than 8 hours after installing it. It's pretty flimsy but looked nice enough.
did not work for my little daughter.
Do not buy this if you have other small children or pets. The top mobile part doesn't even secure in place and is easily knocked off right onto baby! It's a disaster waiting to happen!
It came with a hole ... I tried contacting the seller & recieved no responds
Cheaply made. They won't stay in place and rattle when you're driving down the road
I ordered two items from this seller and only received one. After writing I received a form letter telling me about the history of the company. No help what so ever. I'm not giving up yet but it looks like they do not really care at this point. I think I may have to admit to myself that just just got ripped off.
This brush sprays water everywhere!!! I'm soaked when I'm done using it. It also doesnt fit in my pump parts.
Finding these completely useless, cumbersome. Must be some magic to keep it wrapped up.
Micro USB charging port was broken, camera couldn't be used .... now have to wait for a replacement. The camera looked like it had been used or returned previously.
These stickers never actually came! I don't know if it's the seller or Amazon's mistake, but I can't seem to get anyone to make it right.
Get a cover that zips. This one was a pain to put on. It also ended up ripping.
This alarm clock is terrible! Buttons are really hard to push, setting the times are overly complicated and worst of all the alarm never goes off at the time it's set to go off!
The wood is very light nothing like the picture
I got these hoping they would be similar to the 360 cup. But I'm taking it apart the first time to wash it the top broke- rendering the whole thing useless
They seem like they work but when my kid pulls on them hard enough they just pop open. We've used a hair dryer to pull them off and re-position with the same results. We installed them before he could open cupboards so we didn't realise they were ineffective untill he really started exploring. We used them in two homes (ours and Grandma's) and on multiple cupboard/drawer styles. They just don't work.
This will not stay hooked together
When we first got this monitor it seemed to work well. After about 6 weeks of using it the screen became very dark and it is now impossible at night to see anything!
I been trying my best to give this product 5 stars but after using it for several months, it has failed on me when I needed it the most. The product will continue making sounds however will often stop and not work when the main piece is put back on. I wish I was still in return status with this product. Now I have to find another solution to clearing my baby's nasal passage.
Disappointed bc they don't pull down or retract like they're supposed to do. The inner bar seems to be the issue.
They slip around and don't absorb anything.
I purchased this item for my son and told him to be very gentle with it, as it seemed fragile. We rarely took it off the base, and after a couple months it just stopped working. No amount of charging would get this thing to light up. So, now we have a plastic moon-shaped paperweight. It's garbage.
Not sure why these have such rave reviews. They do not stay on and have actually become a favorite chew toy for our 9 month old. We were looking for something to protect her from our marble coffee table and are very disappointed with this product. She crawls up to the table and takes them all off. They are on the floor most of the time. Good thing they are cheap. I would not recommend these.
These looked cuter than the green ones we got at the hospital, but our baby hated them and kept spitting them out every time. It has a very weird design on the part that goes into the mouth - flattened and not rounded.
SO unhappy with this product. The second I opened the box there was an extremely strong toxic odor. As I pulled everything out the odor only got worse. I don't know what the toxic smell is, maybe the paint or something but I am very dissatisfied and likely won't give it to my daughter unless the smell subsides.
These little knee pads slip & slide but worst is they ride down & are not useful as knee pads.
I purchased this bed for my granddaughter. I did't realize the pictures on the bed were stickers. When I took them out of the box they were folded and I could not use. Call Delta, after much discussion they sent another set of stickers. This set came folded in an envelope and could not be used. Call the company, left messages, finally called and talked to the secretary of the President of the co. I was called back by a women who was very rude but send me a third set of stickers. The bed is not very sturdy. All in all I don't think I would buy Delta products
These are not worth the price. I would put one in my bra while breast feeding my baby on the other side. It didn't collect enough to be worth it. I ended up just washing it out and not saving any collected milk because it was only a couple drops.
Suction was horrible and got mastitis. Do not buy. Correctly put together and light weight was so excited to get and was so disappointed.
I ordered the 4oz and they sent the 8 oz. The packaging they came in said 4oz. Doesn't fit my bottles. I needed them for daycare this week...
The Velcro ruins every blanket it touches. There's no way to cover it. Design is idiotic, the Velcro sides should be reversed or just use an adjustable strap. Wish j could return.
It is not easy to adjust and it is not easy to set up and down. And as others have said, it is easy for little ones to try to climb out of (even new walkers). In fact, it broke while I was trying to take it down. Do not buy!!!
It doesn't look like the photos it's very small am definitely going to return it!!
The battery that I received was defective and didn't hold any charge at all. I emailed the company and didn't really receive any help.
As soon as I get it, i run to buy some batterys... what a surprise, It don't work, only turn on the red light and that is...What a waste of money.
I wanted to love this so much. I am so disappointed. I don't know who these babies are that get zipped in this and then sleep for hours like other reviewers have said. It didn't work for us. First of all, I can swaddle like an expert. This contraption requires four hands to keep a wiggling baby contained and then another to zip it up! Although it does keep the baby from rubbing his face, it's not snug enough to keep arms from reaching the mouth (which my baby likes to do, then wake himself up). It does probably help with the startle reflex, but you're baby likes to be snug and right, this is too stretchy. I sent the woombie back.
These are definitely not the greatest for staying cold. Not even sure I can get 20 minutes out of them before they are warm.
Very unhappy my bouncing seat was not wrapped a box for shipping it was shipped just like that with my address wrote all over the box, no protection it was left out in the rain totally destroyed when I got it.
The pieces have splits ...painted over. The threaded pieces pull out before the screws get tight. Some dowel holes were not drilled deep enough. A VERY DISAPPOINTING PRODUCT..... YOU SHOULD NOT TRUST THIS THING WITH A CHILD
Seems to be too hard for the baby to teethe and chew on. Not recommended.
Peeled within a week
Disappointed. Arrived with paint chipped and missing. Scratches and some pieces don't align. Missing screws. This was my sons Christmas present so It's upsetting.
It didnt last long the stickness didnt stick well. Even as i just peel off the tape the adhesive was coming off as i peel. And my corner protector keep comming off every couple day. the glue is still on my corner it just the cover comming off and i had to put the cover back onto the glue.
I bought this doll for my Grandchild. She did not have it even a week, and the leg broke right off. I am so unhappy with this product. She is so disappointed. ugh. $20.00 doll, and it falls apart. NOT HAPPY!!!!
Worst product EVER. Have gone through two of them in a month and am sending second one back already.
Update: now we've had this tray for only two months and it has totally broken - the zipper portion that attaches the backer to the tray just randomly failed today. It has not been moved around as it just stays in the car so I don't understand how this happened. Another person mentioned how the backing piece was folded in half and it seems like it never truly wanted to conform to the shape of the tray and the stress must have been too much for the zipper. So now the tray won't stay attached to the backer, one of the buckles is broken, and it's messy since it stains easily :-( This works great for my toddler except one of the buckles broke within the first few days of using it which makes it much more difficult to use! The material is also not at all stain resistant. My daughter managed to douse it right away with a messy substance and it'll forever have a big red splotch since nothing has been able to get out any of the stain. Otherwise, it's quite functional. I do wish the mesh pockets were better designed for holding a drink also but they really don't hold much of anything.
Great system but did not feel safe using on my daughter's car seat. Installed it with the car seat(which already comes with anchor ties that are a pain to clip and unclip) and secured it tight. Did a pull and yank test and it came unlatched from the anchor. I thought maybe it wasn't clipped in all the way so tried it a few more times with the same result. Would not feel safe in an accident with these installed.
I was very hesitant to order these because whenever I have used this style they never lasted long. But I couldn't find anything else for the price and the plastic hard ones are impossible to find these days! So I ordered these and of course one of them already broke within a few weeks (the plastic opening falls off so it cannot close). Also the material attracts everything so they're always covered in dirt, sand, hair you name it.
Never received it. Need money back.
The straps get frayed within a month.
The hair brush came with strands of hair in it already!!! Why would I pay for it brand new but get a used set.
Bought Oct 2017. It stopped working. Has a short in the control panel where you can select speed and sound. Our 11 month old just started sleeping through the night in it and now it doesn't work.
Got it Friday & as of today (Monday), no relief. My poor guy is miserable. I had such high hopes that this would be what he needed. I wouldn't waste your money.
Returned this product. Was not comfortable for my child at all
It doesn't warm up and we just started using it recently after the baby was born.
Way too small. I should have read the dimensions. My toddler has a toddler bed and these look like they belong in a dollhouse. It does look nice and I would be happy if it were a few inches bigger.
Didn't work for my son. I tried everything. I followed the steps. tried over and over. I have been trying since before he was 3. He was doing good once I stopped this and now he has so many accidents a day. This did not help. It was a waste of money. Do not buy. I have potty trained 3 other children so its not that I do not know what to do.
Horrible product. Slippery, and very flimsy
The brush is too soft at least I can't brush my 2 year old hair wit that
Within 2 minutes of me putting this mesh up, which sags terribly and has no way of adjusting, my 10 pound puppy put a paw on it and completely tore the straps off of where they connect to the wall
It doesn't truly secure my toddler to his chair. To add even more irritation, I ordered the black one as pictured and some beige colored one was sent to me. Not satisfied at all.
Pretty disappointed in this purchase. It didnt fizz or melt. I had to crush it with my hand to get it to mix in the bath and there was no scent once it was in the tub. I definitely will not purchase these again.
We liked this product in the beginning very much. after 3 weeks the different colors stopped showing up one after the other. After 4 weeks the item was not usable anymore - no light at all
Looks like the seller snagged this from maybe TJMAXX for $13 only to resell on Amazon for $36. Save your money and shop around first...
Box arrived damaged, unsealed and very dusty. Contents of box are dirty and scattered inside. The purpose of this item is to feed my newborn. Umm.. No thanks. I immediately reported this. It's disgusting!!
Absolutely terrible build quality. Two orders and same issue with the Bluetooth button breaking into the ear piece in less than one month. Not even bother returning the second one. Noise canceling is ok at best. Nothing compared to active noise canceling headphones.
The loop in the sound is noticeable. Used while sharing room with newborn and found it hard to sleep. The heart beat is a very clicky and artificial sound. Would be a good prop for the tell tale heart, but not for soothing sleep. It does have a nice low profile and a battery option, but it doesn't matter when you don't use it.
These decals do not stay on the wall. I applied them as instructed and they keep peeling away and eventually falling off. We have other decals on the same walls and they have stayed put for 5 years without any issue. Horrible product.
The spaniels Head is very squishy and mishapen! It's eyes look very unprofessionally painted! I know that it's real because it has a LPS marking but please make sure to other buyers it looks normal
Does not read accurately
Not sturdy markers sign won't go away easily
Product picture advertising is misleading. The product is tiny! My slim 8months old can only fit her butt on it. The rest of her has to lie bare in whatever surface the mat is placed on. Not suitable for travel in my opinion.
Battery died very quickly. Bought replacement batteries and it still doesn't work. Waste of money
I hate that i even had to put down one star at all. This was the biggest waste of money ever. I opened the box and ALL the wires were disconnected where they were supposed to be soldered together. Luckily i have a soldering iron and i soldered everything together going by the picture. I turn it on (after a solid two hours of assembling) and it works. I left it on for about 1 minute and then it completely stopped working. This was the most frustrating product to deal with and he biggest waste of money ever.
I was charged twice for this item. Once it's used I'll let you know what I think but for now I paid double and don't even know if it works.
Does not work for large breast women. I was not able to return for a refund! Not happy with the product.
I really liked this plate until my daughter pulled on it while eating and the base just came right off.
Bought this for my 20 month old. Washed it twice and it is coming apart at the seam. Would not recommend.
These suck and did absolutely nothing.
Poor quality. Doesn't stop the bad smell of diapers.
Concept is good, but baby won't keep mitten on... she would rather hold it and chew, which can be done with any teething ring
WORST PURCHASE! Used it on ONE flight and it ripped beyond repair, DO NOT BUY!!!
Not clear at all. Looks like a fun house mirror. Total waste of money.
I also received the wrong product. I received the 3 swaddled blankets and not the dream blanket. When I looked at the sticker on top of the plastic wrapper it said dream blanket on the barcode. Obviously the wrong tag ended up on it, but some attention to detail would have saved me a trip to UPS, and shipping and labor for amazon.
Very cheap material not worth the purchase
It just looks awkward. I bought it because we were going on a long road trip and I thought it would work but it just doesn't and it looks super awkward!
Disappointed with the lack of softness on this towel. Seems quite rough for an infant.
1 Camera won't stay connected. Would be great if it worked.
Garbage do not order. Bad customer service still trying to get a refund
Charged once and couldn't charge again
The rounded railing guards have no grip and will roll/slide on rail.
My baby basically falls out of it if i dont seat him in a specific weird position.... i have tried everything including taking the whole thing apart and assembling it differently than instructed and it is a nightmare. I have a better swing at home (this was for my work) and would rather spend 3x the cost of this one fir something that actually does it's job.
It's the most awkward thing to put on and try to figure out how to wear it in a comfortable fashion. I returned it before I put a baby in it.
Screen started ripping within first few weeks of using it.
This was a waste of money. When the 1st 2 did not install properly, i thought i was clumsy. But another couple of tries (with more locks), i realized it's a bad design. Still have some of them left, which I did not even bother to try. And the 'free' corners included are not self sticking. Don't know how that would work. I guess that's what you get for trying to be cheap. Don't waste your money on this - spend some more & get something that will actually work.
Hard plastic that snaps together. Doesn't close well leaving sharpish edges where it closes.
If I could give this less than 1 star I would. I can't review the product itself because I never got it. The company that sold it however was terrible. After waiting 3.5 weeks I finally reached out to them to see where my shipment was only to them be told they wouldn't be sending me the bottle nipples that we needed. THEN they offered my refund, but not until I contacted them. If they had not intended to fulfill my order they should have been the ones reaching out to me. Terrible customer service on their part!
I've been a loyal Britax customer since LO was born. This is probably my 6th or 7th Britax seat I've bought. The first one of this type that I ordered was damaged upon delivery, maybe that should have been a sign but I ordered a replacement seat. The second seat I've used without issue until a few months ago when I tried removing it from my vehicle and the buttons to remove the belt wouldn't budge. After lots of prying and pushing they released and I was able to remove the seat. When trying to reinstall a few days later, same issue but I was finally able to install the seat. A few months later, same issue, but this time I am unable to get it to lock when trying to reinstall. So, the seat is worthless. I'm incredibly disappointed that since I'm only a bit after a year of ownership, the seat is now garbage.
One of the stools is cracked, can cause potential danger
Its like an inch thin and less than a ft long long. A sweater would be more comfortable to sleep on.
Bought this product thinking it would work for me but didn't. I'm 5'10 and with breastfeeding it does NOT fit over my chest. Way to short and baby literally sits in my face. In the process of returning. Quality is good and light weight.
Overall, the product in the box is good. A bit pricey for what it is, but daughter loved it nevertheless. The poor rating is due to customer service. If you ever need a replacement part, you are SOL. I have filled out the "contact us" section over 5 times now in attempts to order a replacement spring and chain that the movers lost. I received one response and then no reply to my response. Some of the WORST customer service I have ever come across. BUYER BEWARE, you are on your own after buying this one...
Terrible didn't work I tried them in several places and they would not stick ..
I don't leave a lot of reviews; but we had this in our shower so that we could give baths to our toddler. We had this bath prior, and it worked fine for about 4 months. I would've hoped for a little more durability, but for the price it seemed reasonable enough to use it. Eventually that one deflated, so we went to order the same tub again. The first tub that came wouldn't hold air, so we just returned it as defective. The re-ordered tub also had the same issue that it wouldn't hold air, so we are done with this product.
Sent this back. Baby is not a fan and flings it off.
Have not received this at yet,.
Way too small had to return these.
Cheap and flimsy product. Very poor lighting. I would not recommend this product to anyone
was not the correct dimensions listed about half that size and was so thin and poorly made that I can't not even use it.
The product doesn't hold a charge, and the color changing light is horrible! Save your Money!
This doesn't work 80% of the time! It just turns itself off. When it does work, it has an extreme lag, the sound quality is crap, and will freeze and show video fast forwarded to catch up to live. Don't buy this!!
The formula was not at the right mixture. I put in the proper adjustment and it still was watered down. The idea is great but just doesn't work. The formula would also be clumpy in the bottle after it was made. Very disappointed.
I have had this product for four months and the little guards that go against the wall are falling off. The metal rods are now poking through and digging up my walls and hardwood. Would not recommend! I'm very disappointed
We bought a pack of these and the baby goal diapers as well....we have had for a year and this Brad has started leaking where the buttons are in 3/6 of the diapers. They held up for a good amount of time but lasted I would say only 8 months before they stopped being usable.
I didn't get the angel bookmark, therefore I can't give a review!😪
Couldn't use it at all. Suction has a small connector, vacuum cleaner large, impossible to connect
I couldn't figure it out and when I tried it it really hurt
Very very thin material, basically sheer. Stains did not wash out easily. Both are in the trash now
this product was great for two weeks. With that said I could not actually tell what my son was doing in the dark because the night time vision was so cloudy. I know it is cheap but do not buy this camera if you want to see your child wirelessly. now less than a month in it won't even connect. What a complete waste of money. Buy something that has better reviews.
Love it, light weight, folds small, turns in a 360 without issue and comes with a little visor for some shade for the baby, what more could you ask for UPDATE: I am so displeased with this item, I purchased it because I was taking an international trip and joggers are hard to handle when you are alone and with a small child. I purchased this stroller to make the trip easier however after having used the stroller a week before traveling the wheel some how got cracked and caused it to wobble and not properly maneuver the stroller. I realized the cause for the maneuver issue at the airport, and I wish I had saved the money and just stuck with my jogger/stroller since it is a LOT more sturdy and that wouldn't have happened. I also did not realize the height of the handles being an issue until had had lengthy use for it, i am 5'6 and the handles are a bit short for me. Update: I got in touch with the seller and they reached out to the manufacture since they are not the ones to keep parts on hand. I received the new wheel and replaced the broken wheel, however it is still struggling to maneuver properly and it is really frustrating because I'm not sure what to do with it
I bought this with high hopes for hands free pumping but it didn't work for me. The angle never aligned properly to maintain suction and I still had to use my hands to keep the pump at a certain angle. Great idea and I'm glad some people are able to use it with good results but no matter how I adjusted, it just didn't work.
I did not like it at all because after I installed it came out in 30 minutes after
Fell apart after two washing.
Very poor quality. I just took out the orange bib and realized that its already torn along one of the buttons. No way to contact the seller and complain. Will contact amazon to return the item.
You guys sent me children socks when I needed baby socks...the ad and packages says 6 to 12 months not years
I can't be the only person who thinks that a nursery center means actual center with playpen not just the accessories that go on the top of it. I looked at all the pictures. Read description and reviews and was pretty confident that it's a complete set, therefore a center, and was quite surprised when received it. It was supposed to be a surprise present, good thing that I decided to assemble it and not just leave it in the box.
Nipple fell to the bottom of this sippy cup last night and all the contents fell into my baby's face almost strangling him.
When I received this product, it was not the way it was described and that is why I took a chance in buying it. I have to give credit to Amazon and Prime, they will do everything possible to make the return very easy and I love that service.
I was also sent the wrong item. I received the rattle instead. I'll be keeping it because it's cute, but I'd still like to know how I can get the stuffed hedgehog??
The stroller seems great at first but after a few months use it's not as versatile or as easy to close. The front wheels get jammed frequently making it hard to go straight. The worst part is closing it now. At first it seemed fine but now it is almost a pain to get closed I don't know if the squeeze in handle has worn or what but I almost have to jam it into the ground to get it to close/fold in. Opening is still easy but closing has made this a stroller I would not recommend or buy again. There is no way my wife could close this and I literally had to squeeze the handle my hardest while pushing the front wheels into the ground to get it to finally close and this is a re occurrence not just once in a while.
Baby slides down. Defeats its intended purpose
If I could give this negative zero stars I would ! For one the belts don't fit around my baby's legs right which is unsafe obviously. And the picture shows a more quality car seat then what it really is . Definitely go with a chick if your looking for a very nice quality car seat . We have a return started and ordered a Chicco like our other son has .
The deer has glasses on. You can't really tell in the pictures unless you zoom
Did not work for our parent unit unfortunately
The protective frame is a cheap piece of plastic that came with scratches on it. The first time I set the frame up, the support stand on the back broke completely off.
We waited several weeks for this to arrive. It was wonderful when we installed it. The lights were bright and my kids LOVED it. It works as a showerhead but the lights stopped working after only a couple of weeks. If the lights hadn't gone out, I'd have given it a 5 but the lights are kind of the point. You get what you pay for, I guess.
Zipper broke on the hamper bag not even 2 weeks after we got it.
I bought this chair after reading the reviews. However this is a very cheap chair. It started falling apart when I was putting it together. The back support started to break which is so dangerous. I had bought it to feed my newborn, but I cannot risk sitting on that chair with a broken back. While the chair looks very nice, the quality is super cheap and I would warn new mothers before buying this item. Rather spend more money and get something safe.
Terrible. Such a waste. They are very obvious under your clothes and won't work unless you have long nipples that can extend into the holes. If you have flat nips or nips that are less than 1.5" long, you're out of luck. I'm going to give mine away to someone who will end up using them
These are genuinely terrible. I had a six pack and after about two months only have two left and they're on their last leg. Rip easily and the tab falls off and then the bag is stuck closed and you have to try to get it open but the bag rips. Or the bag rips if you put too much in it. For bags that are supposed to get 30 uses a piece, I didn't use one of them that often. I don't think i used any of them more than 10 times before they broke/ripped/the tab fell off.
Both of the cups arrived broken.
No hardware included. Box looked opened from previous purchase.
The mouth piece and tube had a strong chemical smell to it. This product if for infants and children. Amazon should think about where they store products for children and make sure unsealed product (like this one) isn't contaminated! Started the return process and wife threw it away because it was contaminated....now out $20.
Did not work. Save your money.
Zipper scratched babys face and neck
I'm very disappointed at this product. I initially bought them because they look sturdy but they are not at all! My 11 month old pulled them off right away. I put 3 sticky dots on all of them and even like that he was able to take them off.
Unfortunately, even grownups can hardly get anything to come through the straw.. the non spill flap barely will open. We both sucked our lips inside out and could barely get any water through it. Just horrible. What a waste of money. We won't even let our granddaughter try this, she would start crying expecting to actually be able to drink out of it.
It isn't bright enough to help with breastfeeding at night which is the whole reason I purchased it.
I like the material but the fit is tight and pulls my sons pack and play mat kind of together making it lumpy
Product came with no instructions, the gate was not even a perfect rectangle. The sticky tabs included spelled paint after on push from a 9 months old baby.
These clips look beautiful but they don't stay on my baby girl`s hair. They just fall down since they are too loose. I couldn't use most of them at all because of the above reason. I just wasted my money, that is it.
The guards don't stay attached, keep falling! DO NOT BUY THIS, POOR QUALITY!
This is how my package arrived. A part of the crib is damaged. I'm beyond upset.
This is a waste of money if you have young puppies that will be occasionally running into the net. This is only the second day we have had it up and it ripped twice. Plus when I took the no damage hooks that were provided off my wall it tore the paint off the wall. If I could give this no stars and write a review I would of. This was a total waste of money.
These parts are not included. Send them to me
Ordered blue and received pink.
I bought this because it said it was 48" long. My daughter is 50" so I thought this would be perfect. Nope! It barely covers her knees. Not the length that was advertised. Very disappointed
Product defiantly leaks and made a mess when we used it. I bought a quantity of three since it was minimum purchase quantity and my daughter really liked mini mouse... however due to the leakage from the straw I was disappointed cuz I will never use it again.
Very flimsy toilet, definitely pay an extra $4 and get a summers one. Return and its been 10days and have not seen my money back in my account
It is hard to use. No way for it to clip together. You have to hold it in three different spots while trying to hold the baby
Bought it for Christmas to replace a smaller chair. Used it for two months and the back screws popped out from my son just leaning on it every day like s chair should be used. The wood seems cheap and disappointed in construction.
The material is not good. it doesn't soak water and aren't smooth.
My dog just went right underneath it and he's medium sized. Not for smart animals.
These didn't work well at all for my spectra S1. The twist connection was weak, I lost 4 oz of milk because the collection bottle just fell off. Cheaply made, don't waste your money or milk.
I wanted this product to work perfectly but alas it has some issues that may render it useless. It does not stay put in our tub, once installed and filled it stays put for about two minutes and then leaks all the water out. I have watched the video and followed the instructions but it still will not hold the water for more than two minutes. Probably will be less once my son is not in the infant seat and can splash around. I would return it but I chucked the box already.
Did not create a seal to stop the water from draining
This product is the worst product ever. You can't fold it to fit in your car and plus it very heavy and large to go through doors.
The thermometer broke after about 1 week. Not worth the money.
I got this about a month ago it's not working anymore before I bought it I read the reviews and that is the reason why I decided to get this one but it let me down not worth the price to last a couple of months when I have use it twice. I would return it but I don't have the box anymore.
I loved this sound machine at first, but the sound part of the machine quit working after about a month. I tried a second one and the exact same thing happened. We returned it for a different one with the same brand and haven't had any issues. We use it every single day for naps and keep it on all night long.
Baby has no interest in it
Very small. Very hard ... not safe 4 kids Hoped to be soft and larger . No.
Not what I ordered. Recieved safari animals instead of woodland. Very disappointed.
Item not as pictured. Nipple is different.
In picture it appears to work on most faucets. Not the case .. only on flat ones
Oxo have lots of great products except this one. The other bottles are really good. This one no! Do buy it!
Returned as it just a cheap piece of plastic!!
what happened with my order came open I'm dissatisfied
I was really hoping this would work! Very Disappointed! First, it is way too small. It will probably only last for baby up to 3 months. The syringe is also very loose, hard to attach and makes medicine squirt way too fast. Also, the nipple has a weird shape. If you have a picky baby it is not shaped like your average paci.
I needed something convenient and small to travel with since I use baby wipes for everything. This is not it. It is bulky and does not hold very much at all. I use cottonelle wipes and they are a little more than HALF the size of the container. The spring just doesn't do anything other than press the wipes so hard that they rip every time. The opening on top is too small be my wipes do not come out without ripping. I just open the whole thing to get my wipes out instead of the top which takes away all convenience points. I considered returning it the second I got it simply because of the size. But against my better judgement I opened it and tested it... I do not like it at all. Due to the packaging I am not sure if I'll be able to return it. Fairly disappointed. I'm sure this would work better for people who use bigger or sturdier wipes.. But this simply is not compatible with my brand of wipes or the purpose I bought this for. I will say it seems to be made with quality material.
This matress pad is NOT WATERPROOF. Period. I purchased to put add some simplicity to our mornings, as our newly potty trained 17mo old daughter wets the bed about twice per week. It not only dampened the sheet underneath, but the additional mattress pad & sheet were damp & smelled like pee. Returning immediately. This mattress protector is soft, thickness is minimal, large & easy to put on. DOES NOT PROTECT MATTRESS FROM LIQUID. NOT WATERPROOF.
The product was smashed against the container making the item unusable. Total waste of money.
I have had these bath toys less than 3 months. I cut one open today because it looked discolored, and it was filled with mold and mildew. Not safe for babies!
They open weird when you rip the seal off it doesn't come completely off and they are bulky
Not an easy chair for my 14 month old to get in and out of because of the table. Poor design, also the screws that come with it to assemble don't hold up well. Wish I could have returned it
Like most, we learned to love these little candies in Italy where the are manufactured during the winter months. Unfortunately, I have yet to figure out how to enjoy them back in the USA. I have ordered them from 2 different vendors on AMAZON and, in both cases, they arrive with a crystallized or leaking liquid center (the coffee). Simply, they have an extremely short shelf life and are very sensitive to temperature extremes. If anyone knows a vendor who can provide a fresh product, please advise - many of us would like to know.
This product is attractive, but it doesn't do what I thought it would from the description. They show it being used as a backsplash, on countertops, etc. I only wanted to use it to cover a wooden box that I used to stand a mannequin on in my shop. It sticks, but just barely. If you bump it or something brushes against it, it comes loose. So I pulled it off and used it on the floor of the cabinet under the sink, and it does okay for that. I cannot image it being sturdy enough to be a backsplash or a counter cover.
Window shades keep falling off the window. Don't stick very well or at all. Trying to figure out in purchasing suction cups so shades can stay up. Waste of mone
Handle was bent over when it arrived due to how it was shipped. Base of item is cardboard, so may not be very durable. I hoped to put the OXO wipes dispenser in one side (it fits) but I could see that it would weigh down that side and bend the cardboard more. Returned.
I will have to give this a 2 stars only because I expected it to be better. I usually don't care to write reviews but when it comes down to durability this stroller is not good. Second day of using the stroller it the wheels won't turn smoothly or correctly. It is hard to push around corners. Im thinking of oiling the wheels. The cup hold is very cheaply made. Other than those two things I like the shade it gives my daughter.
It's a good bottle but with a toddler that is teething. The nipple won't last. He has gone through three nipples. Leaks everywhere.
I felt that this would be a good purchase. I received the product in good condition and did the intial wash in my dishwasher on the top rack with my other baby items. The tray came out warped. I tried to bend it back but was not successful. I am going to try and return but I just wanted to inform people to beware of cleaning in the dishwasher. Even it top rack it is not safe.
The hat came ripped. I did not notice the seam unsewn until after my nephew opened it. I sewed it right there. The gives are.no more than dollar store gloves. Although, he loves them.
Two times we had a problem with break and stability of this stroller is not good.
I like the idea but it's to big it should have a longer Velcro
Don't bother with this "hands free" pumping bra. It doesn't actually hold the flanges in place to make it actually hands free. Also, the cut-outs for the flanges are quite small so unless your nipples hit EXACTLY in the right spot (spoiler alert - mine didn't) then it won't work for you.
Worked great the first few times I have used it. My little guy is 8 weeks old now and both pumps have holes in the bottom like it's splitting at the seam. It now doesn't hold any milk. I've only used them a total of 10 times..
Not what I thought I ordered. They advertise the ladybug/turtle and I got the flamingo clear pink one.
This product claims to work with most major brand pacifier but it doesn't. Annoying
I used this for about 3 months before the first zipper broke and now after 6 months of use I can no longer use it because the main zipper has broke.
Not what I expected, my baby did not like it.
This still leaks. Every single time your child puts this down to the side, it will leak. It's not spill or leak proof. We have four and they all do it. Ruined my couch.
My daughter who is 9 months old can pull them off the corners.i really had high hopes for this.
I ordered this for my 8 month old. I can't even suck through the straw, so I have no clue as to how she would be able to. Literally no liquid will come out. I have checked the parts and nothing seems blocked. I don't know how any baby/toddler could use this.
Don't get this pump if time is important to you. It takes 3x more than medela.
very hard to get a good print with this clay
Not worth the price. Fabric is a weird felt (the texture is odd and feels very cheap). The side pockets are useless and maybe hold 1 diaper. I got it because of the size, but I wouldn't recommend or buy again.
A bit too soft. Worst thing was it made her head dripping wet with sweat after only laying on it for a short time.
The grey one ripped on the the first use. Just putting it on the mattress normally made it fall apart. The white one has lasted 3 uses. I wouldn't recommend them.
It actually works well. I just wish it had better quality. The little plate for the switch came off and broke after the first time I turned it on. Now, I have to use a pen or something pointy to turn it on/off. I could've returned it but I was too busy.
Not worth it. The plastic latches on the bottom constantly come off so I tied the fabric in place. Cupholders come off and is very uncomfortable. Save some money and buy better. Hate there carseats
I would not recommend. Babies can peel the cushion right off. Also does not stick well and it looks like once I take it off it will take some of the surface with it. Not that thick so you can still feel the sharp edges thru product.
The straps are legit. The screws are horrible. Two broke while installing. I wouldn't trust them. If you buy some better screws you ,hopefully, will be fine.
This is not good for my car seat it just goes straight down and doesn't hang for baby to see. However she does like the toy.
I found this tub pretty ineffective for an infant. It doesn't fit into my sink so it didn't work for me, measure yours if that's what you're buying it for. As for the toddler part, we will have to see.
Very short, If you are taller than 5'4” this isn't the stroller for you. Handle height doesn't adjust. Also very small. My 8month old fits but my two year old was too big for it.
They break really easy
Music doesn't work but for a few seconds and lays back really far.
I did not receive the item in the picture. The item in the picture has rabbits on it, this one has stars which is not what I wanted.
When the socks first arrived, I threw them in the washing machine. I prefer to wash clothes before the first use. Well several didn't make it out of the wash. They had strings hanging, ears of the animals falling off, and just coming apart. Very disappointed and surprised given all of the positive reviews. Do not recommend purchasing!
I did not think it was worth the price I paid, I took the fingerprint of my baby's foot and hand and it was very irregular, with terrible failures, I think it's not worth paying, wasted money. I did not receive any books
Great bottles. Wish u knew it didn't come with automatic slow flow and disappointed that I didn't get any lids.
Product is nice, but ripped in several places in less then a month. Light weight and way to use
Nice car seat but literally impossible to install.we have went over the handbook over and over tightened and retightened and the thing still just falls right over. I still haven't used it and we ordered about a month ago. Very expensive also
Although I love the idea that I can check on my babies from anywhere, the fact is this doesn't work as good as I hoped. The camera constantly loses signal and resetting it takes much longer than it should. The image is poor and is often blurry and dark during the day time. Overall disappointed.
When I first got this toothbrush I was so happy with the product. It does a great job brushing all sides of the teeth at once which is difficult to do at this age. However I was shocked to see that it grew mold after a month of use. I've never had a toothbrush do this before. I added pictures to show. Great idea but not worth the price for the amount of time we got to use it. Also not worth risking brushing your children's teeth with a moldy toothbrush.
I read the review about this and many people said this was bad quality so they are right I buy them anyway because the price but the bags it tears really easy every time that I try to start a new one and so hard to pull the bags they don't slide easy I need to push my diapers down really hard because they are to tight in the ring. Not worth the save some bucks.
My daughter loved this but it is very soft. She bit right through it after using a couple times. A definite choking hazard.
Doesn't seem stable enough to hold baby.
After about a week these came apart. The adhesive came off and my baby was able to open the draws again. Great idea just not sturdy.
I was disappointed that these were so small and don't stay put. I also felt like you could see them through my bra and shirt. I will try something else next time.
Very very wide shoes. Only good for babies with extreme foot chub in comparison to foot length. The velcro also doesn't hold well at all. Super cute, though.
Don't buy this thing if you or your spouse is not AMAZING at putting things together with instructions that make no sense. The instructions were awful. And I've bought some pretty crazy stuff in the past my husband has (successfully) had to assemble- but this was ridiculous. He even had to change some of the hole sizes to force the screws to fit causing the wood to break in some places. I read the reviews for how bad the instructions were but I figured I'd be optimistic- I regret that. Don't make the same mistake! Not only that, but it's also made of flimsy garbage materials.
Seems very poorly put together overall. Has quite a bit of "wiggle". Will most likely replace. The supplied screws are cheap and will be destroyed during install.
This is a great chair used it for a week and noticed a sharp metal object sticking out towards our sons leg. Seems some type of spring has failed as you can see in the image will be returning this.
Bought for my 6MO. She was frustrated because it was hard to grasp. The balls are arranged in this tight-knit circle that isn't easy to grab hold of. It was too big for her to wear it, but too small to hold easily. She was also frustrated that the beeds were too big to chew on. I really wanted to love this toy because it's wooden and unique, but it just didn't seem like it was easily-navigated by a 6MO. And at this price, I just couldn't keep it if baby was underwhelmed.
To be fair, I realize now that these bags are not at all what I was looking for, which were the Pump and Save bags specifically. So these night be great if you're looking for just regular old breast milk storage bags. But the description of this product is really deceptive in that it specifically mentions and pictures the pump and save bags. So basically now I've got another hundred bags that I can't pump directly into which sucks, but I'll survive.
Bought for monster jam but as soon as I opened the package I knew they would break if my toddler wore them for longer than 5 min. I did not even want to chance him wearing these so I bought a different brand (Mpow) and they are far superior. I am giving two stars because it does block SOME noise but very very little. Price should be less than half of what it is currently listed for.
Product seems to be great, but very disappointed in packaging. It was all ripped open along with the plastic bag around it. When I purchase a new product I expect the packaging to be intact.
Tnh i feel disapointed because those spoons i received are blue and I actually want the pink like the pic. Yes it said color may vary, but I thought I will get green if it's not pink. So I guess I will just give these blue spoon to my friends baby boy then.
There was nothing with this to make it stand securely. You just open it up and sit on the ground so my 7month old goes to touch it and it folds back up and falls over. Pretty disappointed
The buckles are really awkward to buckle. It was hard to get a good fit into our Nissan Quest minivan. Seemed like a poor quality seat. We ended up returning.
I think this would have been OK, however it came defective where the back was inclined and the baby could not sit up straight. Therefore, it was hard for him to eat. We had to return it.
No teaching songs list and the box was beat up and looked like it had been returned and reshipped.
I purchased other flower solar lights which last much longer than this one. I would not buy more of them.
It smells horrible. After few washes still stinks. Cute design but not for food with that smell!
While functionally this works very well, I was very disappointed by the quality of the material. The foam inside had a funny smell and came with yellow spots. I had to air it out before being able to use it. Also, after one wash the cover already started to fade and looked as though it had been washed 50 times. It definitely helps with breastfeeding, making everything simpler. However the cost for the material itself is more than it is worth.
Is very small is more like a pocket blanket to play
Product was broken right out of the box. The "hinges" that make it open and close are cheap plastic and were cracked and in the bottom of the box.
These were way smaller than I expected I guess I should have read all description I thought they were bigger for a six-year-old
They make the hooks on these extremely thick, so it won't hang on most doors and allow the door to also close. I'll have to search out and buy new, thin hooks to make it useable. Otherwise it's pretty much as expected.
This is a nice wearable blanket, but it made absolutely no difference in the duration or quality of my daughter's sleep. I wasn't hoping for much so it wasn't a big let down, but this is kind of an expensive product as far as sleep sacks go. She is almost 7 months and wakes 4+ times a night. My touch alone has never soothed her (she only wants to nurse) so maybe that's the problem. The weighted portion is pretty lightweight; I was expecting something a little heavier, but maybe for a baby it's more noticeable. Overall, it seems like a nicely made product, but I'm not sure it does what the company claims.
I didn't think it is easy to use and accurate, I returned it
Cups seem sturdy, but slippery
My daughter really likes the night light and enjoys being able to change the colors but the light has a short in it and when she picks it up and moves it around it will either change colors or turn completely off. For that reason alone I am giving it a 2 star review because she basically has to leave the light stationary and not utilize it the way she wants to.
It's so ugly in person. I don't want to hang it. Quality looks cheap.
These fit like the munchkin ones but they do not hold the smell in at all. Won't buy again.
Didnt work to well for my infant who is constantly moving
The concept is really nice but the adhesive was awful. One tug from my 14 month old and it popped off.
I don't think it helps with gas since there are lots of little air bubbles that forms when my 6 months old is drinking
super easy to assemble but not at all stable. Will be returning.
This machine has a mind of it's own, if you leave the sound machine on too long, the overhead lights turn on by themselves...waking up the baby. Grrrr
I did not like this product. To me, it smelled like rancid oil with very little rose smell. I gave it an extra star because of the natural ingredients, but for now I will be sticking with California Baby's version which smells really good!
Function was great, held my pump and was easy to nurse in. However the stitching in the back was very uncomfortable and itchy. Ended up returning it.
I bought this mat to replace a standard rubber bathmat. It looks cool but its not very comfortable on your feet. The spaces in between the "bubbles" pinch your skin. In hindsight, I should have purchased another standard rubber bathmat.
They only think I didn't like about it everything else is good
Was good for 2 days , then noticed it started falling apart. Had to return due to broken lose pieces
Not happy with the quality, heavy piece but no option to slide/pull towards front to take out the kid. Otherwise ok.
First of all, this wrap takes forever to put on! It's not comfortable, and doesn't support the baby enough to make me feel comfortable taking my hands off him. Now, I do have a pretty big baby. He was 14 lbs by the time I started using this, but it should support at least 20 lbs so I think just the way this wrap works (and all other wraps like it) is just not ideal. I'd only use it on a very tiny baby (less than 10 lbs) because they seem to fit comfortably in wraps like this one. My boy is just too big! We prefer the carrier that looks like a back pack. Much more support and I feel safe having my hands free! On a side note, I like the fabric this wrap was made from, and it seemed like my baby was comfortable at least while I had him in there.
Cheaply made. Zipper wouldn't stay closed.
Worked for 2 months and then the lock mechanism stopped working.
didn't stick to window
Supposed to be either 100% cotton or cotton blend. Mine was 65% polyester and 35% cotton. Not comfortable to sleep on even after washed.
Poor quality and not as described.
Much smaller than I thought. Still let's smell from diapers through
I purchased this to hold back animals and have yet to use it because it is so wobbly. First, it was very difficult to get the parts to clip together, so I thought it was going to be sturdy. However, once together, it just flops about. Additionally, no matter what I do, there doesn't seem to be a decent setting for it to fit flush against the wall. I am still curious how it is portable with how much of a pain it was to pull apart to adjust.
It's ok. Cheap looking
Definitely not for use as a teething reliever as advertised as the bristles keep falling out and end up in my infants mouth.
This bib is hard on my baby's neck. It's uncomfortable with the hard plastic. I went ahead and purchased a silicone one with a softer top and velcro closure and it's much more comfortable. I wouldn't recommend this and I have 2 toddlers.
Cute bag but cheaply made. It started falling apart even before we used it.
Not easy to get the food on the fork, super thick. I was hoping they would be easier to use but I guess I'll keep looking.
The only problem is a large bump in the middle of the bottom making it very difficult to get food out of it I would not recommend.
They look better in the pictures but i didnt like its quality at all. They look very cheap in real and does not absorb well enough. I don't use them unless i have to
Didn't see a difference in my daughter from her teething. I guess it doesn't work for everyone
Doesnt work on all cabinet
Smaller than I expected.
Super cheap doesn't stay not worth it
We bought this specifically for the bowl, was glad to see additional items in the kit, thought “what the hay?” They are all silicone; easy to clean. My 1yo can pull the bowl off from his high chair platform with ease. I despise the hassle of Amazon returns. Disappointed.
Returned mine. The space in between the pillows was very small. I am very skinny, yet I could not use this when I was 8 months pregnant. I don't see how this could work even if you have a tiny belly... otherwise it was well made.
It's an amazing swing and I LOVED LOVED LOVED it when it worked correctly. My daughter is 8 weeks old and she is 10lbs 8oz and the swing sounds like it struggles to move her and it just keeps getting louder. Plus the vibration goes in and out. Sometime it just won't work for a couples days then it fine. I paid $200 for this swing. I feel like it should last longer than a month and a half...
These liners are stiff and thin. They shift. I ended up having to use them with a viva paper towel because soft poo leaks right through. There's always poo on the diaper gussets.
Very cute bed but one of the drawers came damaged. It looks like a forklift went right through the box. There was no way I was returning it. My husband repaired it. Second piece of furniture in a week that came damaged.
Deception in size. Very Tiny. Does not look this large in person. Would order bigger if it didn't take so long to ship.
Sounds ghostly... cute but I don't turn it on at night. Creepy sounding like in a Stephen King horror movie.
I was expecting more from a toy so well liked and at this price point, but my daughter doesn't really dig it (she is 5 months now, so maybe that day is still to come). She has a non reaction and other toys get her much more excited. Its not poorly made or anything, but I haven't found it to inspire much interaction.
I really wanted to like this product but the liners arent long enough to use with our mama koala diapers. They also dont stay in place, especially when my son poops.
Bought this in September and it worked great until November now it will not charge.
Sheets are looser than I expected
Leaks, like a faucet
Its about 8 inches tall with almost no sinking in when laid on. My son is 8 and his head so high up on this pillow. He tried it for one night and woke up with a terrible neck ache, asking to switch pillows. I can't imagine using this on a toddlers bed. Had to return it.
Arrived on a timely manner. Unfortunately, didn't do much for my kids symptoms
The string to hold the paci is really long and thin. I prefer the paci clips with the shorter thicker strings so that it doesn't get wrapped around the baby's little fingers.
While the concept is nice it was a waste of money for me. This didn't change my little one sleeping habits. He still woke often. Also, it would be nice if it had a zipper at the bottom so that diaper changing would be easier. Undoing the Velcro is SO loud at night!
We've had these for a while and they never get played with. We've tried on multiple occasions and they are just really boring.
I bought this to keep my baby out of the front hallway (away from shoes). When I set it up in the doorway it immediately cracked on one side (no, I didn't have it too tight). It's not very sturdy as far as the overall construction of it. It's very flimsy. It'll work for what I need it to do (after I fix it) but I wouldn't recommend it.
Works fine but it is clunky and much more inconvenient for the light switch function for adults. Other cheaper types I found have worked better.
Worked great until the monitor quit working for no specific reason.
Not that cute... didn't like it in person and the star lights are not that great.?
These little toothbrushes are a great size for toddlers. My son really loves it. The problem is that you need to check them carefully as the base of the brush tends to get moldy faster than other toddler toothbrushes in the market. I find myself throwing them away often and it's frustrating, but the size and shape are great.
I struggle with this. What I love - The size is great. My wife has one she bought at Walmart that doesn't tilt, but is padded and straps directly to the headrest. The downfall of hers is how small it is, makes it hard to see our child. I decided to get this one for the size. It's size is perfect. I notice my child can easily see me as she does give me eye contact. What I hate - It shakes. Any sort of bump in the road and this thing shakes. You have to realize it's on an arm. That tilt function you think you really want? Well it's not entirely a great thing. It doesn't matter how tight you have it strapped to your headrest, or how tight you make the ball joint. IT WILL SHAKE. It's simply too long to keep stable. If I were you, I'd be looking for something without the arm to reduce the shake/vibrations. EDIT: Seller refunded my purchase. Great customer care. I'll probably look into more of their products because of that.
Decent, but the door does not properly attach so it can't be used. We have it up against a wall and just walk over it.
Maybe it's just me, probably is. But I try using it and it doesn't pull any milk out. Yet my breasts are leaking daily so I'm not sure. It just seems as if the suction isn't strong enough. I'm 35 weeks pregnant.
Worked great for our Disney trip, but one of the blades had ripped by the end of our 4-day trip
Within a week of having the covers, the plastic part that holds the dvd player broke. I have not yet had these for a full year and already having to replace. The clip broke that secures the cover and the dvd holder is not durable. Not worth the money
The storage is great on this organizer but we always have to remove it when we fold our stroller. That being said it is quite annoying having to put in on and take it off.
Seems like a good quality seat and my baby likes sitting in it. but I cant get the tray to lock into place. every time she hits it, it flies off
This carrier is stiff, unlike the original ergo!
Super flimsy. My son is maybe 35 lbs and I did not feel comfortable letting him ride on this. I also felt like it would tip my stroller over if I wasn't holding on.
Used three times, and the battery is down. Charged for a whole day and no response.
My daughter seems pretty indifferent to this. It's not a miracle maker by any stretch. She still wakes herself up with the startle reflex. But As just a sleep sack it does it's job.
Doesn't stay stuck to the bottom of the tub.
Seems like a good idea but I found I didn't really need it.
Huge. Maybe would fit a 6 - 9 month old. Nice quality material and color.
It's a good bracelet. The rocks look very raw unpolished. Some have little holes in them. The color was definitely very dark. I was disappointed because I specifically looked for a light butter color and got something like dark cognac. The clasp screws in place very securely, safely and easily. It has always stayed in place and has been easy to put on. Next time I buy one I'll try a different seller.
Returned it. Didn't know I couldn't wash it. It looked somewhat too small.
The sensor isn't very good so it stays on all the time the only light that is bright enough to use is the white light the colored lights are pretty much useless.
The playmat looks really nice but some of the pieces when put together don't match well. I bought two of these sets and a lot of the tiles looked like this picture they had holes in it. It makes me question the durability of the mats.
I ordered white and it came black. I wished that they would pay attention on the color that they will send.
Sterilizing it and now misshaped and shrunk and not usable
This potty training toilet is really cute with the cute little song when you fake flush and is really cute over all but it hard to clean with all the pieces and crevices. The plastic I think is so porous that it just absorbs whatever goes in because nothing I use gets the pee smell out of it when it's cleaned
Tiny and cheap material but does look pretty in photos for as long as the baby fits in the space... a typical baby might fit for up to the 2nd month if laying down but that's it until they can sit.
I bought these pads in hopes to make sure I didn't have to keep Spending money on the disposables nursing pads. But I was wrong. The material, although is great the pads don't have any silicone gripping holds, so they don't stay in place. I do use them for my baby as spit wipes instead! They are absorbent.
I have 2 other Graco Nautilus 3-in-1 carseats and they are wonderful. However, this updated model does not require you to remove the straps as your child grows. All you have to do is adjust the headrest. And I believe this is the problem. The straps are extremely difficult to tighten, something I never experienced with the older model. Perhaps it is because the straps weave through the back of the carseat and down to the headrest, causing too much friction. I spoke with Graco via phone and they said it should not be difficult to tighten the straps. Not sure if mine is defective or just how this particular model carseat is made.
Looks great, really fancy packaging, but my baby didn't sleep any better because of it.
Very sturdy, stylish bag. But it has too many pockets and compartments for my taste. I can never find anything quickly. And all those pockets make it bulky too.
This diaper bag came with some great options but it's not exactly a quality bag. We've only been using it for 2 weeks and it's already tearing in places. One pocket on the inside is completely open on the bottom and useless.
Right out of the gate the color screen isn't color. The box didn't come with any padding when the product was shipped so maybe mine is defective but it's definitely a black and white display with a bright light on in the room. Considering the price this was a disappointment for sure.
Not easy to clean , bad product.
Loved this, but fell apart not even 3 months in, while in the airport. And I can't return....
Nipples very flimsy son did not like. Only able to use about 3 days and had to switch back to old bottles
The product box arrived opened and the product looks dirty and used. I have another seat like this purchased previously and we love it. This one was for a new baby. It should have been new and spotless!
No lining and feels super cheap! It offers no support either. I would not recommend to anyone. Serious waste of money.
Definitely not leak proof. My son loves it, but when he's walking around and tips it at the slightest it leaks like crazy. Wouldn't recommend whatsoever.
Does not get the bottom of bottles
I'm so bummed! I love this backpack diaper bag! It's adorable and fits great but the zipper already broke on the back side compartment that lets you sneak into the bottom of the backpack without unzipping the top :( I'm still trying to use it but my stuff falls out. Such a bummer because I really loved this bag :(
It was nice while it lasted, but that wasn't very long. I used it while breastfeeding a few times a day but after two weeks, the stuffing/innards started to separate right in the middle. I was hoping to use it for tummy time for when the baby got older, but won't be able to. It wasn't worth it due to price and the life of the product.
It's cute but doesn't work correctly. After the first run thru of songs, it only works for five seconds at a time. Frustrating. Don't buy.
If I had it to do over again I would not buy this product
it is broken quickly ,Returned
these could have been much cooler if you could actually make them work together. i thought they could all link up but they dont allow water to flow thru enough to make the next spin. my kid was bored after a few baths. now i hear them fall from the tile in the middle of the night and it scares the heck out of me. not great but good concept. keep improving
this was a gift for a child with Autism not sure if it helped or not!
it doesn't stay in place. Not worth the price
I found it difficult to use and then also found there's a no return policy that I was not aware of.
Mounting on the corner wall is a bear with the screws. I'm not sure how the screws are supposed to stay in place when there is an open plastic channel above them. Poor design. Also it's nearly impossible to screw the screws in based on the angle of the product itself.
Unless you willing to wait for at least 15 mins to warm a 5 oz bottles out from fridge. Don't buy it. Basically the warmer keep you having hot water to warm your bottle immediately, so you don't have to wait a few mins for hot water come out from your faucet, but the temperature is showing what the water temperature is in the warmer, not the liquid in your bottle. I would rather buy other warmer.
Instructions were difficult to follow. My husband accidentally broke a piece while assembling (probably wouldn't have happened if he could understand the directions). Might just keep it since it's sill halfway functional and the item is now currently unavailable.
First off, this would be easy to make yourself. It's just a giant strip of T-shirt material sewn at both ends. I found the holes to be too large to serve any purpose. I was using a muslin blanket as a cover, but didn't want to have to worry about baby pulling it off of me when she gets bigger. The holes on this cover are so large that I'll have the same issue. I also don't see how it can be worn as a shawl or scarf because it just slides off my shoulders.
The stroller is about as sturdy as you'd expect for the price and carries my 32 lb 3 yo around. However the sun shade is so small it doesn't do much except make my toddler think it's extra cute. Most frustrating, though, are the wheels. If you are at a stop and try to go in a direction they aren't pointing in, they will lock up, and you must manually turn them with your foot (read, kick and mutter words you wish could be curses). It feels like this happens to me every time I start out on a walk and half the time I stop to cross an intersection. Add on to this that I, a five foot tall woman, constantly kick the wheels. It's maddening and makes me reach for the bigger bulkier stroller in almost all situations.
Good but it arrived without sling
This is tiny. Barely covers a small basket. It certainly didn't look that way in the pictures. Also, very see through. You can almost see where the fur was glued to the sheet holding it together. Pretty color though, I will give it that. I can't afford much as I have just stated photography so I will Have to make it work. I just Stuffed a bunch of blankets in the basket and layed this on top so you can't see how small it is.
Does not stay inflated.
One of the pair wasn't okay and not easy to close . Sad to pay for the second which doesn't work
I am still using this but I am looking to buy another one. It works but my baby's face is distorted like we are in a fun-house. Funny, but not what I want.
Worked great as a white noise machine for two months but was never able to use the accompanying app successfully. I emailed the company, receiving no response more than three weeks later. That was the main reason I purchased it. Our child did like the white noise it provided, so we kept it. Today, the battery is dead and it won't charge. Will likely be returning it. I had high hopes and was disappointed. I do not like that once you purchase the item and download the app, you also need to purchase books or songs to use with the app. Just seems like a money-making scheme that doesn't actually work.
Only had these a couple of months and the hole in the lid where the stopper goes has already cracked. The lids do not fit properly and always leak. And after going in the dishwasher, there is moisture build-up between the picture and the outer plastic.
Why don't they come with lids so we can send to daycare?
Didn't fit our Delta children's bassinet mattress
It was pretty easy to put together but is much quicker with 2 people. The color is nice. The biggest problem I have is that when I decided not to use them as bunkbeds, but rather side by side as 2 single beds, THEY ARE NOT IDENTICAL AS SHOWN IN THE ADVERTISEMENT TOTAL FALSE ADVERTISING! Had I known this I would not have purchased them. As you can see in my image, the headboard and footboard on one has posts that stick up but the second one does not. Even if I remove the guardrail on the second bed (which I will) they still are not identical AS advertised. I called their customer service to make sure I wasn't missing something and nope! They confirmed they are infact different. Not happy but too big of a pain to return them.
Dents and scratches right out of the box. Be careful not to over-tighten the screws as the material cracks as you assemble it. There was a hole missing for wooden stabilizer which is also cheaply made and break on assembly. The drawer left a bigger gap on one side than another. This product is not worth half its price. The only reason I am keeping it is to save the headache of re-packing and return.
This worked great the two times we used it, but after two uses in one week, it no longer works. Tried replacing batteries and still will not turn on.
After a week of use the seems started separating.
Pros: collects leaking milk. Easy to clean and use. Makes your boobs look extra perky Cons: I leak a lot of milk so they fill up quickly, and this makes the shells very hard to take off without spilling. The hole on top makes it easy to pour out, but this makes it easy to spill the milk if you bend over (if you have a computer job, this might not be an issue. But since my job is cleaning the house, this makes it impossible to clean up anything). Also, they are super uncomfortable and they make my boobs even more unnecessarily huge.
Really cute but it will not stick in the shower so my son can't really play with it when he takes a bath
Overall I'm disappointed with these cups. They were supposed to be leak-proof with the plunger piece in place, but they were not. I put one in bed with my daughter for nap and she woke up all wet. The plastic also doesn't seem very durable. She's dropped one of them on our driveway once and now part of the plastic is gouged and is rough. There are also teeth marks on another and she doesn't bite stuff. If I could return these, I would. The do seem to wash up well in the dishwasher, but that doesn't make up for the other issues I have with them.
I love the way this diaper backpack looked and it's features. I've been so careful when I've used it because some of the seams on the pockets have started to tear and the lining of the cooling bottle pockets ripped off with VERY LITTLE USE. I take good care of my things but wow, you need to skip ordering this bag and go with better quality. It's a shame because I paid decent money
I like the idea of this product however it does not work for us. Its way too large for my finger so its not secure when I brush my daughters teeth. I can fit in on my thumb but it's incredibly difficult to get the right angle. I will need to purchase a different toothbrush for her. Money wasted.
After less than 2 weeks, my son (8) was able to chew through it. I don't think he was chewing that aggressively, but we will see how the second one in this pack holds up. I've asked him to try to be gentler with it...but we will see how that goes.
I purchased this stroller as an alternative to the Baby Trend Snap n Go double stroller once my twin boys started to outgrow their infant carrier carseats. I have the Baby Trend Expedition Double Jogger that was a gift, but it is way too big to use as an everyday stroller. After comparing, contrasting, and praying for weeks and weeks, I decided on this J is for Jeep double stroller. Price definitely played a part in my decision, as a mom of twins, when you have to buy two of everything, you want to make the most economical choice possible. My first impression was that it was very cheap looking and flimsy. It is described as burgundy, but it looked way more purple to me. I wasn't happy about this, but I let it go after many people told me it didn't look purple to them. It is lightweight, which I love. It also does not take up much space, an important factor for a mom of 3. But the wheels are plastic, which doesn't make for the most smooth ride. The middle tires twist while the side tires to straight, which makes it wobble from time to time. In addition, it is not the easiest to close. You should be able to use your foot to kick the lever to close the stroller, but many times I find myself in the middle of the parking lot stooped down and pressing the lever by hand just to get it to close. My biggest complaint of all is that the harness does not secure my boys, no matter how tight I pull the straps. They are always able to wiggle their arms out of the chest part of the harness, then they lean forward, which propels their whole body forward, allowing them to drag their feet on the ground. They are also able to lean over and touch the wheels at this point, and there has been an occasion where one of their fingers was smashed. I am returning this stroller and plan to purchase something with better quality wheels and harnesses, or possibly even a belly bar. I like the thought of a side by side stroller so that both of my boys are able to see what's going on, and they seem to take up less space, but I may have to go with the other type. This stroller was a disappointment. The only good thing is that I don't have to use it much because we don't go out a lot where I would need it. Lately i try to go to stores where I know they have double buggies or make sure someone is with me so that we can each but one of my boys in a buggy.
Pain to use. Returned.
Bought this because I have a newborn and a 2.5 year old. Thought this would be perfect unfortunately it's not. The inside pockets where th me kids sit my 2.5 year old can't access because she fills the seat (she's only 27 lbs). We walk a lot just around town using the sidewalks or street. This stroller is not smooth! I have a Britax stroller and it's super smooth and we loved it. This stroller rocks the kids like crazy it picks up every bump. Wish I would of bought the britax double stroller
I bought these specifically for the leak proof quality. I pack fruit in my daughter's lunch every day. Her lunch bag is sticky everyday from the leakage.
my grandson has not even gotten to sleep in this yet and the joints have gave way under their own weight. Years ago I had something similar for my own kids that went on their twin size mattresses and popped up as a tent and it lasted until the youngest outgrew it. Very disappointed.
This did not come with certain parts like to hold the battery in or it didnt come with the batteries like it says on the box. I am not happy about this at all
Too small of a diaper bag to fit all of the essentials in. It's also awkward at the top where the main opening is - very rigid, not flexible.
We love MAM products, so I figured I'd get the bottle brush to go along with them. I really am not a fan of it - the silicone bristles do not seem to clean breastmilk out of our bottles well and there is always a fatty residue left behind. We've had much better luck with traditional-bristled brushes. The end is the perfect size for cleaning MAM nipples, but not worth the cost for a brush that doesn't work well.
It does not recline. When my kid is asleep it looks uncomfortable only because of the single seat position it offers.
Be careful - 3 of 6 latches were already locked. It seems they were sent to somebody else before
Fit is too small for a newborn. Not even stretching the material helps.
I was so excited for this gate. I wanted to keep my 2 year old out of my kitchen and also away from the dogs. It took him less than one day to figure out if he pushed on the gate far enough the doors would pop open. It works for my dogs but not my toddler
Came broken and SHARP. Glad I noticed the possible danger.
We purchased this product for our daughter for Christmas. One month later the green light bulb has blown and now only shows red and blue stars.
Likes: Arrived quickly Affordable Soft Easy to clean Dislike: The pillow/nap is folded in half to roll which puts a crease in the already thin pillow The stitching on the pillow came out within a couple of washes (we never put in the dryer) The velcro wore very easily
The idea is what we needed but they don't stick well
This projector got delivered to my house on July 26th 2019. It is now September 7th 2019. The rotating motor burnt out last week so it no longer rotates. So this product only worked for 5 weeks. I don't have the packaging for it anymore so I can't return it. I'm debating if I should try another one and maybe it was just this one that was faulty or go with a different rotating projector from another company.
As others have said, the assembly for the napper/changer is a nightmare. The instructions are somewhat unclear and the actual maneuvering of putting it together is very difficult. Most importantly... When you finally get it put together, the napper tilts and leans to one side when you put your baby in it. This is extremely dangerous. We put baby in it for a few minutes and when we looked back, she was nestled against the side of the napper with her face practically pressed against the side. She could easily suffocate. Luckily we were not planning on using this as her main sleep solution. The original PnP is fine, don't waste your money on this. It should be recalled, honestly.
over price and the kid doesn't like it. totally wasting money
The pockets in the inside were too were too small for most baby items making it a bottomless pit. The pockets on the outside were too tight.
It's a great idea, but its as flimsy as a plastic hanger that they use in clothing stores. Our daughter pulled on the door I heard the beginning of the break. Had it been sturdier I would have also liked it to have some type of extension.
This gate was terrible. I say was because it lasted two months. I should've known a Velcro gate wasn't going to be worth anything but I thought it would last longer than it did at least.
I was really excited about these kids because I've been wanting something easier to clean and safer for my son. I bought these in February and within a couple of weeks the red lid had a split in it and got thrown away. It is now July and the blue one is unusable and the green one has a couple of splits in it as well. I'm pretty disappointed and hoped they would last a lot longer. As far as leaking, they did a pretty good job of reducing the amount of leaks but in the right situation fluid will come out.
We bought this for our second baby since a different version works great with our daughter. This one cuts in and out part of the time, will randomly become unlinked and makes the same beep as low battery. Important if you don't check the screen.
Broke in 7 months after purchased.
Bought this for our newborn daughter and it worked fantastic for 2 weeks before it stopped working reliably, switched batteries and even tried the power plug it came with and still didn't solve the issue. Take your money elsewhere and get a more reliable machine.
Leaves behind a chemical odor and residue.
Did not fit the spectra valves snuggly, so the suction was very weak. The company reached out and offered to accept a return, but the shipping would be my responsibility, so the refund wouldn't have justified the cost of these. Disappointed
I am an under supplier so I felt like it was super wasteful to pump straight into a bag when I was only producing an ounce on each side. These would be great for someone who produces a lot though.
The peppa pig bin is inverted. My toddler keeps asking me why peppa pig text is upside down. I'll need to go for replacement.
We really enjoyed this monitor for the first few months after we had it. It doesn't pick up a lot of background noise which is nice. I like that I can flip between the two cameras easily. After about 10 months the cord has stopped working. We have to plug it in and push the cord back and then try to secure it in certain positions for it to charge. The picture is one of the positions that actually secures it so that it is charging. We have tried different cords, taping it, taking apart the monitor, and really nothing else works and lasts through the night.
This isn't a bra, it's an attachment for one.
I purchased two of these for my classroom. They were planted right away. Neither of the plants really grew. They just sat there. About a month after they were planted one started to have its leaves turn black. Soon after the first one turned black and died the second one is also doing the same thing. I have other creeping Charlies and they are growing and rooting like crazy. These appear to be healthy when they arrive but considering every other plant loves the conditions in my classroom these were a huge disappointment.
Unfortunately, these seem to be slightly smaller than the ones found in big box stores and they do not work on our knobs. I was excited about the color options, but they do not work on our old glass knobs that are hexagonal rather than round. If you have a newer home with typical round doorknobs, these probably work fine.
Music only worked on 1 of the 2 watches i ordered for 1/2 a day. Now just the lights flash when the timer goes off. Definitely would NOT buy again
The day after I got these, one of the wooden rings broke when my baby dropped it on the floor from a height of less than two feet. The wood is not very smooth and evidently quite cheap and brittle.
The mixture of large, medium and small stars is great. They also keep their glow for quite some time. However, unless you want to use the putty provided, don't buy them. The adhesive on the stars does not work. I didn't want to use the putty as I was worried it would mess up the paint on the walls. After placing the starts on the ceiling, 2 hours later over 1/2 of them had fallen off the wall.
Too big and clunky to use for a baby. Just awkward and the baby didn't seem thrilled like they are when they've used a smaller version in the past. Clip on it is too intense, the teeth were just too sharp!
My daughter slept on it probably twice when she was a newborn. She didn't like it at all. In top of that, it is hard to assemble and the rocket function never worked.
They leak, it is so sad because you save this milk then it leaks all over. I have another brand that gives me no trouble, I am scrapping these and ordering more of those.
I bought this bassinet because I thought it would be great to have my newborn closest to my bed. However, my nb wasn't happy with the new acquisition. It was too big for him which makes sense since babies spend 9 months in such a reduced space. So I ended up buying a less expensive in-bed bassinet that fits in the middle of my bed and works awesome. Now that he is 2 months old I gave this another try, and while my baby can now sleep in there, I don't use it because 1: when my baby is moving the bassinet shakes a bit and makes me wonder if it is safe; and 2: he wakes up on the right side ( I'm attaching a pic) because the bassinet is slightly tilted to the right. (And yup, I already checked that the bassinet is properly installed)
A little big. I think the premie size would have been a better size choice even though my son is 9 months old and 20lbs.
I did not like the way this fit on the table, it did not fit tight and we were afraid that it would not hold the baby
Won't stay on! Baby just pulls it off over and over. More frustrating then anything
Can be hard to suck up the liquid sometimes. It's like the straw suctions into itself and stops you from getting much liquid.
I think this product was a refurbished; all of the parts were open. The tray is loose and is moving loosely. Not very happy with this item but I don't have the time to send it back.
Misleading product. Only two
Bought this for my moms car as a second car seat. My daughters head has no support at all. When she falls asleep her heads just falls forward. Doesn't tilt back at all.
Ugh! The monitor NEVER holds a charge. Even when it is plugged in it says less than 5 minutes of battery life remains. The screen shuts off constantly and needs to be rebooted and unplugged then plugged in again. Such a hassle. I don't recommend this product at all. I wish I had purchased a different monitor system.
Not the greatest, but you get what you pay for? Waterproof yes, but not absorbent in the least.
My LO liked this sippy cup but it would always leak. We ended up with another brand instead
I specifically ordered the red bottles for my little girl because I really liked them but received the blue ones. I love these bottles in general but wish I would've gotten the ones I ordered
Some are too small to give to my 6 month old
I bought this for my preemie but I couldnt fit any of the washable liners in it and it leaked so bad I only used it once. Loved that it was small though
Was disappointed to see how thin and floppy this was. I have had a good experience with a different pillow but lost it years ago. It was perfect for my son. Now that I am pregnant again I needed another pillow They are a must when you leave the hospital! These should just come with every car seat! I will be returning this and trying a different brand that is sturdy and thick. Not happy. Though the foxes were cute!
The layers don't stay together like my other muslin quilts so when you fold it you have overhang of the layers - it looks sloppy. Also this isn't as soft as my others of different brands. Prefer Addison Belle ones - it has kept its shape and is softer.
The handles are so big they were actually hard for my son to hold. He likes the cat picture but we almost never ended up using these.
I bought this product because I needed a pacifier clip for my son to prevent having to wash the pacifier multiple times a day. This product did not attend my needs and was too big to clip anywhere. I would not recommend this product if you are also purchasing to use the pacifier clip.
Liked it. But then the ice block got a hole in it out of nowhere & the blue stuff leaks out.
Winding part didnt work
My nipples fit into a 30mm nipple shield when it comes to a breast pump and I could not manage to get the Medela nipple shield size 24mm to fit though the lactation consultant was able to get it on, barely. So I bought this nipple shield as my last attempt at a shield to help with my attempts to get back to exclusively breastfeeding my four-week-old. Unfortunately, there was absolutely no way for this thing to work. With Medela, you flip it back and put it on to create a suction. This does NOT do that. The silicone it is made out of is very thick, very thick and dense though you can pull back the butterfly wings there is absolutely no way for it to stay on as there is no suction. My nipples could not fit even when I was able to stretch out the opening by pulling the wings. I'm assuming if you're nipples are small enough you can just put them inside and hold it on using your fingers but if you have large nipples this is impossible. So this was an absolute waste of time and hope but nice concept if you have small nipples.
The pink spong came right off in the 1st attempt to wash
These are cheaply made and fell apart after one use. We were so disappointed. The color was great, and we were hoping that they would last.
The hole that makes the food go out is too small The food stuck in it.
This is a nice concept, but is not big enough to hold a purse. I had is in my car for about a month and one of the straps that holds it in place broke.
Not sure if it works. Never moves off of the one temp
Very thin material, see through. Bought just as a temporary crib mattress cover before baby sleeps in it.
Did not hold the lavender scent after just 2 loads. Very disappointed. Maybe it came from an outdated batch ? Could not find a "use by" date anywhere.
Not v comfortable while holding but doesn't cut baby skin
This potty seat is cute but i really dont recommend it for potty training. It slides all over the seat and isnt secure at all and makes my son nervous. Because it is not secure and slides around, it also means my son cant climb onto the potty by himself without help. Also, pee seems to get in between the cushion and the plastic which is gross and impossible to clean. I really want to return this because it was also missing pieces upon arrive and over all not a good product at all.
I am using this as a daily highchair for my 1yr old. It doesn't look comfy and my baby is always slouchy in it no matter how I fix posture. Another thing is the ink that spells "Summer" on the tray is coming off and it gets everywhere! It smudges up the feeding tray and baby's fingers. That's why I am returning it. But I wanted something that folds away nicely and doesn't take up much floor space and very light. This met my preference about 70%. It's also too short than standard highchair.
For my 11month old granddaughter. The music is so low you cant hear it. The colors and softness was good. Would not recommend it .
I used for 3 weeks and the zipper is already broken
It does the job for the most part, but it's very very thin, so if you have a boy that pees a lot, do not use this as a cover for something you don't want to get ruined bcuz whatever is under this will get pee on it. The liquid does go right through it. But overall, it's good for using it as a cover for public restrooms, etc.
I gave it 2 stars since it's very absorbent and I didn't have any leaking but the edges where the plastic touches my skin are very itchy.
Super easy to use, it took forever to try and line these up to each piece. My daughter is a hulk at 18 months and has broke off multiple of these from our cupboards. The few she hasnt broke off are very convenient to use, but they are NOT durable nor do they adhere well. We spent over an hour applying them to our bottom cupboards
Over all this camera and monitor is wonderful!! But the battery life was terrible from the beginning! I've now had it a little over 3 months maybe and the monitor just gave out on me...it will not turn back on so I will be returning this monitor tomorrow.
Straps that go around headrest are sewn upside down causing buckling and drooping when cover is installed. Should be sewn from top of item not bottom. Did not use because of this.
Too heavy, I returned
We use the bassinet for nighttime and balls and our baby sleeps very well in it. I like that it had a rocking function, although it's not always smooth. However, the problem is that there is a huge rip in the cover after one wash. The baby puked and pooped all over so it needed to be washed but after one gentle cycle, the seam tore and there are tons of loose threads.
This mat seems like it would be great but mine arrived super dirty, had tons of human hair all over it, and dents and chunks taken out. It was also missing some major pieces. Definitely returning!!
Not useful for my baby and very expensive
I really want to like these bags. They're nice and sturdy however I had I really difficult time trying to open these bags. I bought the 55 count first to trial them. I just finished the box and out of 55 over 12 of them tore when I tried to open them due to the tough seal. Towards the end of the box I also noticed some of the milk leaking thru the top of the plastic where the ziplock and bag are connected. Now I'm paranoid about the previous bags I had stored and if there's any possible compromise in the bags. Definitely frustrated!! I really don't know if I want to repurchase these or not.
Does not stick well. Falls off of wall.
VERY stuff, babies wont touch
The air line that is comes with was junk and the plastic piece at the bottom split when I attached it to the pump making it unusable. Very frustrating when you're all ready to start pumping and then that happens.
Very cute but Im very disappointed the wing was broken even before it came out of the packaging. I'm sure the seat will still work fine.
We have had our gate less than a year and a second piece of it has broken off. First, it was the pin that allows it to swing open. Luckily my husband had access to a welder at that time and was able to fix it himself. Now one of the bars one of the extender has fallen off completely. I'm not satisfied with the quality if this product at all.
Too small and light not very good
These did not work the adhesive was not durable
Why on earth would you send just 1! Like how does that even make sense, we have 2 breasts people! I'm returning this because I buy a gently used pump for the cost of (2) accessory kits ! What a joke
The blankets aren't as big as I thought, the fabric is of poor quality and it balled it after one wash making it look like they been around for many, many years.
It's just ok but what is really irritating is the battery doesn't last all night when it's fully charged. I shouldn't have to have it plugged in all night. Unfortunately this is the second set I've bought. The first one the monitor got broken and you can't buy a single monitor just a camera or set. I see the battery issue hasn't been improved in the 3 years since my first purchase...
The motor died after about a week of use for the vibration in the bassinet/seat, and the bassinet part has curved walls the my newborn can easily roll into and cover her face so I won't let her sleep in that part
I really loved the idea of this bib because the Velcro on the back of the bib fits comfortably around my babies neck. I also like that it rolls up into a small little pouch that you can take anywhere. BUT my biggest complaint is that when I sanitized it or ran it through my dishwasher, the color now bleeds on to my son's shirt and neck. Even after I've let it completely dry. I have no idea why this is happening. Also, it's not very big (wide) so it doesn't cover my baby very well. He ends up getting food all over his clothes. This big is better for babies younger than 6 months and who are not eating finger foods. Otherwise you're just going to end up with a mess.
Product was listed as 'very good condition'. Description also said the product was repackaged in a new box, however it was in original box and the box was opened and had signs of abuse. Product was taken out of original bags and was thrown inside the box. Would have given more stars if product description listed the product as being 'used'.
didnt work for me. did not get any milk with this, chose to get an evenflo manual instead which worked much better for me
These nursing pads may be cheaper than the branded pads but it shows in the quality. These nursing pads roll up and don't stick to the clothing as needed.
These are extremely hard to screw on in place.
After a few uses bottles leak on the lid where the straw bends down. We still use them but have to make sure our son doesn't tip them.
Did not stay in place. Slide down most if the time
This high chair won't fit most high back chairs..... or even medium back chairs for that matter. We have tried is a number of times and various chairs while traveling and it always leaves our child nearly suspended above the actual seat of the chair. Not comfortable or safe. I would not recommend or buy again.
I so wanted to love this gate be ause of its tall height but the arm is leaking fluid. We have had this installed less than 2 months. I am not sure if the leak is going to reach my carpet. Is this a flaw? Does anyone else see leakage at the arm?
This is nice. Just too heavy For our little one to hold.
Too large, and awkard
Gets moldy and discolored within 6 months.
I bought this product to keep my young children out of my cabinets. I liked the thought of not having to drill holes in cabinets or having large bulky locks on the outside of handles. I received my order in a timely manner. I was under the impression that “12 pieces” meant 12 locks...super excited about that! I was very disappointed when I opened the box to find only 10 and even more disappointed when 2 broke while installing. So now, I have 5 locks which have lasted about a month and a half. 3 locks have broke off or the adhesion has dried up. Overall I'm not impressed and wouldn't recommend this product.
Headboard is cracked on both sides, right out of the box. The holes for screws on the drawer were missing and once I got it figured out the "wood" split. The drawer was the main reason I wanted this crib and its terrible. Cheap, cheap, cheap... Don't waste the money. This was a gift from my mom and we were very disappointed.
These SMELL. It's a very odd smell. I've no idea why they smell so bad/weird, but I'm hoping it goes away, as I threw the box away due to the fact that we we're moving and I just threw all the cardboard away at once. Also they're not very strong. Dont store anything heavy in them, but they're ok for lighter items.
It wouldn't fit over my six month olds hand and he was pretty uninterested in it.
Initially I quite liked this product. I used them as lids everyday over the many cups and jars I had at home. Always hand-washed it with care with good quality soap. But later-on they started developing black, fungal mold-like things. I tried using scrubs, baking soda and all the DIY clean-ups I could find, but there was no stopping this stubborn, black, growth. It almost seems like the growth is from the inside material itself, even if I scratch with my nails this growth does not go away. Plus the cups started stinking too. I was no longer sure if that was because of the growth or the silicone material itself. So I'm planning to discontinue using them for my child. Please see the pictures to get an idea.
Great idea and so happy they offer these but not working for my 4yr old. Ordered two, keeping only one just in case it works when she gets out of booster seat.
The gate looks nice and pulls out easily, however it makes a very loud clicking noise as the gate retracts back in. Not ideal for a room where you are hoping to keep a sleeping child.
I really wanted to like the space saving OXO, but the Phillips Avent is way better. You can fit a lot more parts, you can fit different types of bottles - including glass and Comotomo, and it gets a lot more airflow. I stick it next to the sink and hang everything on it and it easily slides into the corner of the countertop when I'm done. Today I cleaned six bottles and all the parts separately and it even has space for your baby bottle sponge! Best drying rack I have found! The OXO had 9 pegs while the Avent has 16. Plus you can stick the Avent into the dishwasher and it comes apart easily. The OXO once put together is practically impossible to take apart. The top shelf of the OXO I feel like just clutters parts and doesn't help them dry. Especially if you're usung Comotomo, the OXO is not a good choice. OXO makes great products, this just isn't one of them for me.
Product came and the bottom cup was broken. My toddler said he couldn't get anything out, the holes were so tiny I actually has to make a slit in each one for him to be able to drink. Spouts are pretty hard to clean.
I thought these would help with the smelly diaper pail. Didnt work for us.
I thought these would be a great alternative to the disposable nursing pads after I read some reviews. I found they never fit right and made my shirts look odd. They are great to wear at night as they are very absorbent but I wasn't able to wear them out of the house.
Zipper broke after 3 months of use. Now I can't zip the bag closed so it's useless.
Mine doesn't spin very easy. It holds a lot of bottles and does what we need it to do but I can't spin it to get the bottles in the back. I would rather have went with a different option but I needed it and didn't think it was worth the return.
The adapter works with the Medela pump. Unfortunately, it can leak breast milk when unscrewing it from the bottle, which is very disappointing. Seems as though there should be a seal that prevents the milk from leaking.
I was excited to purchase a backpack to carry all baby things more easily, especially since we were planning our first real trip with the baby at the time. Within a month of owning this backpack it began to fall apart. We did not use it in any unusual manner and were not particularly hard on it, but did use it regularly. The inside top pocket tore first. Then as we were traveling in the airport a strap broke and the top hanging loop came undone - not ideal for rushing around an airport. Then the foil of the lined pockets began to tear and come away. In a matter of two months this bag has became pretty much useless. I was very disappointed as it seemed like a good sized, stylish bag.
I assembled this product but the hight of the toilet is critical for this seat to work. In my case my toilet is 2.5 inches higher and the first step ends up on an angle vs being level with the floor. The design should have been a bit smarter to account for different height fixtures. I am thinking about screwing 2x4 to the legs to get the right height but I think I should not need to have to do this. So i can not recommend this product.
The concept of side by side screens is great, but the resolution left much to be desired.
This duck works great when it isn't flipped over. It's so hard to get it to stay upright. Also, it is stuck in the Celsius setting and will not change to Fahrenheit, even after following the instructions on how to change it over. I like that it flashes green or red and I'm sure it's very accurate, but those two things are what keep me from giving it a higher rating.
It's not that great so you can work with it
It worked well while it worked but a toddler trying to wash her own hands was bound to get it wet. Didn't work after that
To little to be a lunch box for 6 years old Maybe for fruit at veggie .. not even a sandwich
Not soft, cumbersome, looks cute, we will regift
I want to return this
I'm sad that this case is not for an AC like which the outlet would have you need to exit from the bottom of the case.
Super cute but does not suction to table at all.
Such a bummer. I bought this for my baby and to be extra safe I went for the silicone sleeve. As soon as I took it out of the box to wash all the parts the silicone was stuck to the glass on two of the cubes leaving ripped silicone and residue on the glass. This is a major bummer as I was really looking forward to using this product. Haven't used them yet so they might be great but this aspect was really off putting.
I returned this because it didn't work like we needed it to work. I like the cameras that you can move. We spent a little more money for a better camera.
Files are too rough to be used for a babies hands. This is not suitable to be called baby nail file. Unless you plan on filing a baby bear cubs nails ;)
It shrunk a ton after drying it and barely covers as a shirt, let alone for breast feeding with a baby under.
Falls off of the wall easily. Got to keep wall moist for it to work. Doesn't take much pressure to get it to let loose.
I got this to make prints of my dogs paw. No matter how lightly I press, it's just a big black blob. You cant see any small details. I tried with my hand, and still just a big black blob.
Product stopped working after 3 months.
Amazon delivery missed the driveway and drove over my yard to deliver this 1/3 lb package. Left major ruts in my yard. Very very disappointed. NOT USPS or UPS this was AMAZON.
Paid for extra shipping just to know it's gonna be a day extra late
I've been very disappointed with this plate. I've been using this plate with my 1 year old for about 5 months and I've finally given up. He rips the plate off his high chair very easily and I spend my entire meal babysitting the plate. It's unfortunate that this plate hasn't worked like I had hoped, but if your baby is determined to pull it off he/she will figure it out. He has washed well in the dishwasher.
It gave me hell to try to put on my wall. I got so FRUSTRATED I just threw it in the garbage. It looks like it's made out of that black tape.
Unfortunately this sleep sack is much larger than our other newborn size Halo Sleep Sacks. We like the cotton but our 2 month old (11 lbs) is still too small for the newborn size we received.
Nice color but the top is so warped it only closes by huge force.
We really loved this little guy but after a couple of months it no longer charges. I tested the cord and it gets power so it must be the unit itself, which is a shame because its rechargeable and the battery is not replaceable so now we have to replace it.
Update: I have used for a couple days and the nipples invert every ounce at least! Sometimes it doesn't pop back up unless you unscrew the lid to get air in then milk drops everywhere. Super annoying and bad quality. AVENT!! Bring back your classic nipples! Why change something that was perfect?? Now I have to find new bottles. The real is very very green in person. Not just a light tint of teal like in photos. Still cute but not what I thought I was getting. The nipples are, like everyone says, super thing and flimsy compared to what they used to be. Not a fan of the new style, seems cheap, but I haven't had leakage yet. I will update when I have used longer or if they leak.
I wanted to use these carabiners on my stroller for when I go grocery shopping. They worked great while they lasted...which was only a few weeks. A part of the latch broke (on both of them) leaving it permenantly open and unable to close. Overall I'm decently disappointed.
The clamps are not well designed. They clamps slipped on the metal bars of my walker. The clamp screw stripped out before I could get it tight enough to hold a can of pop. I wound up wrapping a piece of rubber around the bar and then carefully tightened the second clamp to the walker. Fortunately there were two holders provided. I can't honestly recommend this product.
The adhesive is good, rips paint off when removed, wasn't strong enough to keep my infant out.
Both of these water bottles leaked within just a few uses.
Only received 6 of the 10. Wondering where the ither 4 are at. Giving a 2 bc if this. It would be a 10 if i got what i ordered.. can i please get the rest of my order. Disappointed
Really disappointed with amazon merchants who just ship any color assortment or any style of a product you spent time selecting. This happens all the time lately and is unacceptable. We got a totally different set of bibs than what we ordered and since we needed them right away (baby is teething) couldn't return them and reorder. Not that we really have time for that as parents of a 1 year old anyway when it happens with so many orders. So we now have 8 bibs that do not go with the clothing we bought them to go with. Not the end of the world, but does not make for a good consumer experience.
Adhesive is poor, keeps coming off. Avoid this product
Purchased 8 months ago and both broken now.
I bought these to have a backup set. I've used them about 2 weeks and the valves are already not working as well. When I use my original parts I have no problems but these cause my spectra to make a weird whistling noise and I get way less milk. Stick with the original parts!
Cute hat, itchy material. Enough said.
Very complicated to set up and the components felt cheap.
Really easy for a child to move around. Floor is scratched up now we need to get it fixed. Very light weight. Got the blue and it really hurts your eyes. Can't justify the price for a cover.
I just received it. It looks great but the strap I got is from another model. I will have to return it.
This really wasn't for me. Maybe it was user error but I could not get this on to where I felt comfortable putting my baby in it.
It's big enough for a large car seat and some more. But construction leaves to be desired.
It didn't feel stable or secure and our daughter didn't like it.
Very uncomfortable for the little one. When jumping, the hard putter ring is very uncomfortable and my son refused to stay in it.
It is very cute but it keeps falling on my baby face, it's not really safe even that it's a very light weight.
The gate gets the job done I guess, but it is a pain to get it to latch. We have 3 different gates installed and this one is definitely my least favorite!
My husband and I bought this baby monitor for our son. We have been using it since he was born and he is now 3 months. We picked this camera as it's WiFi, able to access on our phones, pick sounds to play from it and adjust volume with our phones. The camera has been a complete let down. The camera goes in and out on a daily basis as well as the sounds. The camera is completely floppy and will not stay in one place so we are not able to angle it. We initially liked the idea that it is easy to adjust and move as needed,however, with the floppy camera end it is not easy to do so.
It is very cute, but the clip doesn't stay clipped well at all!!
Stiff part around the neck to be able to see baby is not as stiff and can fold in half and many times it closes up and makes it hard to move and see baby while using. I'd spend more money and get a brand name one with a wide U shaped opening at the top instead.
The discription said 4 different toys. Where is a monkey? Might return this if they didn't answer.
These leak really bad...like puddles
Missing the latches for the door portion. No reply from seller.
You get what you paid for. I didnt like that the cap where the film goes in is flimsy. And also the product itself kind of looks cheap. But overall it works okay.
small was too tight, medium was too loose for me. I thought this was less fabric compared to others but still felt like too much cloth. my baby did not like the too tight feel and medium didn't feel right either. I wished it worked out but it didn't. my intention was for privacy with breastfeeding.
Cute but the velcro dividers do NOT stick well. Also, I don't like how you can't make 1,2, or 3 sections, you can only do one big one or 3 different sections.
Don't waste your time if you don't want to spend hours assembling. None of the pieces where marked. The instructions where extremely vague and the nuts and bolts came in an envelope. Just all mixed together and thrown in there. It took a lot of guess work and praying to get the job done. I would say spend the extra money, you clearly get what you pay for in this situation.
Was excited for my LO to start holding this bottle. We have exclusively used MAM bottles and pacifiers and it's all he will use. It was REALLY hard for him to drink out if it. Plus the bottom it not vented one and my LO got lots of bubbles. Tried using the handle on other MAM bottles-it didn't fit right and made them leak. Pretty much a fail all the way around.
Doesn't work. Would love it if it actually moved around...
I've ordered 4 different sets and styles. First style I ordered blue and got pink, the next never came and I got a refund. The third was suppose to be the designer blue ones and again came pink including the replacement I requested from amazon and the final set again suppose to be blue got lost, have not arrived, and working with amazon again to resolve. I understands colors/style may vary but when the title says boys I don't expect pink with roses. While the cups themselves are amazing ordering from here is not. Super frustrating.
Bought as spare to share with mother in law. We also had damage to corner of seat, also the box was almost completely open when it was delivered as if tape had been cut. We have video camera door bell and can see that no one tried to steal, just poor packaging. Returning for the b safe ultra. Very upset with the situation considering the price.
It's a sturdy stool for my 2 year old, but the one I got had a messed up print job (which is what I bought it for; my son loves Sesame Street). I thought about keeping it but I just couldn't stand looking at it after a couple of days. Sent it back for a replacement and hope to get one that isn't messed up this time.
After receiving my item and trying it on my 19 month old nose it didnt have enough suction to remove ANY snot of various kinds at first I thought maybe it was not slimy enough or too thick but then i tried it on lighter snot and the same effect. It only produced enough suction power to lightly feel the force on your fingers not in a nose. It maybe better suited for a newborn or smaller nose but it didnt create a vacuum of any sorts in his nose at all I never even got a chance to see how it worked. Really wanted it too though 😪
Not a good fit for women with smaller bust. Too much cutting of the product that eventually does not have a sleek fit in your bathing suit
this item was ordered by mistake. did not want this time. not padded enough seems cheaply made.
Item came packaged in a simple box without any cushioning or padding. The wood sides of the gate were broken into three pieces. This is entirely because of the way it was packaged.
So to me this product was a waste, every time I attempted to imprint my babies hands or feet they would come out messy or or incomplete. I was not able to make one print out of the 4 or 5 sheets they provide. Not easy to use do not recommend it.
Easy to wear. Cute design. My little one seems to like it too.
I really want to love these bottles but the one thing that drives me crazy is that when you put the lid on over the nipple, liquid still leaks out if turned upside down. The lid doesn't push hard enough against the nipple. Other than that, I like the bottles. Am I doing something wrong?
These were exactly what I was expecting and arrived on time but the package that contained the pacifiers had been opened already, like it was a return. The description said nothing about this being a returned item...
This did not work every time gave me a different reading. And every reading I got said i was dead. Lol horrible. U get what u pay for.
I did not receive the item I ordered. I ordered the classic Pooh design pictured but received a green modern Pooh design instead. Very disappointed.
Like the product if my son wasn't afraid of it while in the bath tub :(
My little one said it is uncomfortable and we have a standard round toilet seat and the training seat would not fit it in!!!!
I'd like to see the baby whose hand this fits on. This thing is too big and my baby can slide it right off without any trouble. A great concept, but too big for my normal sized baby.
Beautiful stroller, but comes Chinese instructions and no English. I was able to put it together based on the pictures, but still don't know how to fold it.
These cotton ball were not jumbo size they were not size I through they would be. They were ok
Luckily I have Google whole home Wi-Fi and I can reset the internet away from home. The camera seems to not connect 90 percent of the time unless I reset my internet. All my other wifi devices have no issues. This thing is junk. If it always hooked up I would give it 5 stars.
The material is very soft, the patern is classic and i like that the product has multipurpose. However,the stitching is terrible and i wont return it just because i dont have time for that since I ordered it for travel purposes but i dont think I would recommend this to a friend.
I'm disappointed in the picture quality. It's very blurry and even hard to see the baby. We had an older version for our first kid and it was much better. Also I don't like how many buttons you have to push to just turn up or down the volume. Again the older version had volume control right on the device.
Wasn't very helpful.
Worked great at first but died after a few months. Replaced batteries but item itself no longer will work.
I got this so my strong, independent 1 year old that don't need no mom could feed himself his prune pouch. It took him under a minute to discover his hand fits nicely inside and he can still squeeze the contents of the pouch all over the place. Nice concept I guess but it wasn't worth what I paid.
Love everything except the mat. Doesn't sit right and cant fold it back up. Its awkward.
I bought 2. One for me, and one for a friend. One was completely broken, and the other feels fragile. I'm scared to actually wear it. It is advertised that it turns when you twist the nobs, but it does not. I would not have bought this in the first place, but it was FALSELY advertised. The description ALSO says it is made of high quality materials. Read between the lines. made WITH good quality materials is NOT THE SAME as having a product that is high quality if the assembly is really bad... Get a cheaper one. It will probably be just as good as this one. I will be returning.
I really wanted to love this product, but unfortunately my newborn son did not sleep well in it at all. I ordered it in the middle of the night when I was exhausted, hoping for some better rest for us both.. but that didn't happen. I tried it for about a week to see if he would adjust after reading reviews that said it took their little one some time to get accustomed to it - but it didn't work the magic I was hoping for. I ended up returning it unfortunately. I know all babies are different and I am happy for those that this worked for, but that wasn't the case for us.
This product didn't thrill me, but it seemed to be a good option for what I was looking for- to secure things to my stroller. The product is INCREDIBLY HARD TO SET/RESET your personal code. I nearly broke every nail trying to hold down the toggles and spin at the same time. I now understand why this would be discontinued. Not a great user friendly/ ease of use item.
I was looking forward to using this nipple shield as last resort to help my baby girl latch. Everything else has failed and this one did too. Initially it helped with let down but the nipple material is so thick that my baby would gag. I'm so disappointed. Have become an exclusively pumping mama and bottle feeding. Maybe it's helpful for some but sadly it did nothing for us.
I love this bag and how spacious it is, but the inside pockets came apart within the first week of using it. Now they are just holes in the bag and can't use them.
Fits very tight on my 6 month old boys. Leaves red mark on their heads. So I try to wash their hair and rinse asap and take it off. On a positive note, it doesn't leak.
Smells good but not tear free!
Too heavy!! We couldn't believe how heavy this is before we put our son in it. It also didn't make sense where you sit him down, he didn't sit directly down, and the strap that came up between his legs was super uncomfortable and odd. This is very top heavy. Not happy and returned.
This was not for a full size crib
The mirror is great, everything else is junk but I guess that's why it's free. The bib is very small around the neck and the sun shades do not stay on or stick.
Makes a lot of noise. Difficult to clean
Of the six, two locked in place before I could even size them to the door frame. Two slipped right out of the locked part when My toddler tried the door, and one is working great. Great concept, wish you could unlock and resize to use again. They will only work over my door frames on the largest size.
Material is very thin. It barely controls it is like wearing a one-piece swimsuit. However, it is very comfortable and it is warm for the winter. I won't return because I already use it but won't recommend buying
Too hard for little hands to use
This arrived fast and was easy to install. Problem was that the reflection in the mirror was actually very small. It was difficult to see the baby. Instead of providing an overall perspective of the car seat and baby (as well as its surroundings). It would have been a winner if it provided a mirror that showed things closer than they really are!! We returned this nonetheless as will continue searching for a replacement. I do not recommend as wife did not like it either.
The mesh bag is fine but the suction cups or sticky hooks don't hold up. I followed the directions - cleaned the wall, attached the suction cups and waited the recommended amount of time before adding weight to the bag but the cups still fell off almost immediately. Same thing happened to the hooks that were provided.
this is how my changing table came very disappointed now I have to wait many days until I have my money back and get another one
My 10 month old hated this toy. I bought it because I thought it would be good for the plane ride. I stuck it to the table in front of me, and my baby got so mad that she couldn't pull it off the table that she cried.
I purchased two of these to cover our changing pad. While the fabric is a great print and is super soft, unfortunately, they do not fit the standard changing pad size. The fabric is completely stretched across the pad, giving little to no slack in the dip part of the pad.
These are knock offs of the Medela accessory for the breast pump, but they work well enough. I ended needing to buy authentic medela membranes later which is slightly thicker.
They leak and are very hard to clean and totally need taken apart ( a royal,pain). Don't know how to get them replace but she loves her Skye cup (not me)
I absolutely loved this monitor when I got it in February. That feeling QUICKLY diminished after my child was born mid-April. First, it doesn't hold much charge time. From fully charged it dies within 3-5 hours. Not a problem, I will just keep it plugged in at night. Now, here I am with a 4 month old and the charge port just broke...in the middle of the night. I'm trying to find a temporary solution to hold us over until morning. The internal part of the charger broke. Of course, to find a replacement monitor is almost as costly as a new monitor with 1 camera. I am the only one to ever touch the monitor so I know it has been handled with care. I recommend IF you buy this make sure it's going to be stationary.
I've had this monitor for 4 months and while it served its purpose i would not buy it again. It had a decent photo quality, I like that it moved around and had good night vision. However, the battery died and it would not hold a charge after 4 months. I now can no longer use it and I spent over $200 on the monitor and an additional camera. Very disappointed.
My product was left out in the rain and now it's wet and some of the invitations got damaged. Not sure why the mail person would do that because normally my packages are left on the steps and that would have made it safe from getting wet.
Very pretty design, however the seams are coming a loose . I will be returning this blanket :(
The design makes it very hard to wash baby's lower body
Crib is really nice and sturdy. The only problem is we have a dent snd scratch on the right side of the headboard as seen in pictures. We did contact the manufacturer and hoping Amazon can also help us with this. We purchased 2 of the same cribs as we're expecting twins. A bit disappointing just because we have been researching for cribs for a while and thought this was perfect! Other than that, crib is good.
Every bag I opened , leaked and wasted precious milk . Pretty bag, just not the right bags for me .
It was tiny, my baby would fit it for like 2 months. Also way to expensive for the quality. Very cheap
Not happy with this. No suction at all . It's going in the trash bin . VERY DISAPPOINTED
Not very helpful. Very small. Probably better off doing a home made sticker chart.
I found it hard to put together and not all that well made. Came with a crack.
I set up the camera and it was fine, a bit grainier than some monitors I have seen, but it worked. Had my daughter in her crib last night and she woke up. I went to turn the music back on to get her to fall back to sleep and IT WASNT WORKING! It worked when I set it up and put her to sleep, but it won't work anymore. Contacted customer service and they said I can return it, but there isn't more in stock. So, unfortunately, I am giving this only 2 stars because it's mid range quality and if in one night the music stopped working, makes me wonder what else might stop functioning. Have to return it.
Giving 2 stars only, night light is too bright, monitor doesn't work without charger, picture quality is poor
Cheaply made! We've had ours less than 6 months and the carry bag ripped and the chair bottom where baby's feet go tore completely off. We barely used this bc our baby boy is very big for his age (even within the suggested requirements of this chair) and at 7 months he could tumor over in this by leaning forward. So if you have an average or below weighted/height baby this may work but if your baby is on the bigger side do t waste your money!
While I loved the look of this diaper bag I had to return it for a couple reasons. I didn't like how the top opened up. It zipped straight across and I was looking for more of a school type backpack that zipped from one side to the other. Also it was one big compartment and everything would've just been thrown in. Kinda like when you have a big purse and can never find your keys because they end up on the bottom.
I have purchased these 3 seperate times and this last time the roll I received was not perforated well. Each sheet would only partially tear and I had to finish the rest of each sheet off with a pair of scissors. This is a pain when you are trying to quickly diaper a baby. I am going with another brand next time.
Great concept and worked better for my boy once he turned three but this is my fourth one! They die so fast and stop working even if u put a new battery in it!! I guess it's just cheap.
The decals are MUCH smaller than what the picture shows... I was excited about decorating my daughters room hoping it would enough and I now need to order 2 more for it to look nice
Does not keep food warm for long. Two hours is the highest it has kept a bottle warm a and this is after wrapping the bottle in a cloth. Not worth the money
Love the bags but the bottle warmer broke very quickly. I bought this on prime day and I was very pregnant and planning on purchasing the bottle warmer potentially. This set seemed like a great choice as it was about the same price as just the bottle warmer. The bags are great. I've tried using other brands but these spoiled me. Great size and love the twist off top. I also use the storage for the bags in my freezer so they freeze flat. However I've only needed to use the bottle warmer a handful of times up until now. Now that I'm returning to work the bottle warmer will be used way more often and it totally broke! The water still bubbles in it but it never gets even a little bit warm. Very disappointing because it's only been used a handful of times in the last few months that I've had it.
Not a huge fan of these - they don't seem to be “strong” enough to clip little finger nails and I find myself ripping my son's nails more often than not. Definitely planning to get a pair of safety first ones again. Wouldn't recommend these, but maybe I just got a bad pair?
Idk if mine is just defective, but the screen does not completely close. It defeats the whole purpose if bugs can still get in. Pretty bummed as I was excited for my little one to hang outside.
The edges came off in a few days.
The product itself serves it's purpose for the short time I will need it. But in all honestly it's not made very well. Besides the fact that one of the zippers get stuck, It's too small to fit the entire infant seat. It doesn't reach from top to bottom. It only stays put on there because I'm able to hook it on the shade part on the top. Even then it has huge gaps on the side which is no good in Chicago winters and I have to use another cover over the top so wind doesn't blow through it.
I haven't even been using this towel for my baby for a month and it's already ripping. I'm very disappointed. I think the quality should be better
The pillows started losing air as soon as 10-15 min! Filling in air was easy but after following all instructions as mentioned, the pillow felt firm and full but just after 10 minutes it started to sag. I checked to see if the seal might be loose but it was well intact. The pillow has leakage somewhere. Did not use it for long as i ran out of breath, refilling it again and again
These swaddles are awkward, not self explanatory and the head hole is too large for a newborn during the period you want to swaddle. I ended up not using them at all though I had washed them up so I couldn't return them. She is my 6th child so I just used regular blankets to swaddle like in the hospital instead.
This is a fantastic nursing cover for anyone who has a tiny head and no shoulders.
It was okay, I couldnt really close it right, it was flimsy, and it only lasted two month and it ripped.
It's a great product with one major flaw, the battery cover keeps coming off which leaves the batteries exposed.
Was fast delivery but had a stain on it when arrived
The toys were individually wrapped. But the paint for the faces were smudged. There was a brown stain on the pink cat. The packaging and sealing was atrocious. It was half opened.
The design is so pretty and we loved as the presentation. HOWEVER, the quality of this product is really bad and not soft at all.
I know most baby blankets should be lightweight, but I seen this and thought it would be much heavier. Its really thin! And is constantly shedding.
I've already had to replace two due to the suction going and not working. These are a different kind of duckbill valve than I ordered last time, and I should have gone with my original company again. These are awful. The other brand lasted months, without issue at all and I only replaced them due to discoloration and once or twice due to suction lessening. I should have returned them after the first one went three weeks in, but didn't and I regret it. I'm just hoping they get me through the next two months until my pumping journey is done.
Like space and number of pockets but lining inside came apart within 2 uses. Outside pickup strap started coming apart first pickup with very little in it.
Is supposed to hold laundry. Or blanket but it just collapsed and will be used as a beach bag or a over night bag. Not really happy at all.
Very cheap but will keep rain off. Like a vinyl poncho material. Will rip easily.
I purchased the cloth diaper sprayer on October . i started using it maybe 2 weeks after that. Everything had been working fine until last week. i have noticed that the Lever to spray is not working properly. when you press down on the lever there is no pressure and little to no water coming out. we checked the connection to the water source and they are fine. Upon further inspection the lever is damaged and will not spray at all . Please advise on how to have this replaced ? ** I have emailed the company directly but have not received a response. **
Don't get this if you have sport bucket seats. it does not fit over the headrest. it would be better if the headrest strap is longer.
Even though this is a kid's stool, it cannot hold more than a few pounds. Do not buy
I like the concept but I'm done using these. The bottle is much more stable. You can't really move around while pumping with these bags. Also, as other buyers have mentioned, once you open it to use the milk in the bag, and you only need portion of the milk, the milk in the bag leaks everywhere.
Looks terrible in t-shirts or any type of fitted top. Very lumpy. Works fine for pumping, but wouldn't wear it out in public.
It's just as crappy and flimsy as the stuff u find at Walmart.
The thermometer worked great for the first month, now it's been 3 months and you can't clearly see the numbers on the display (see photos attached). It still shows blue, green or red light but it would be nice to know the exact temperature.
Really cute by your sink but awkward to use. The old fashioned bottle brush works much better.
They do NOT suction... they're cute. The idea is cute. And you can store food in them. But, they do not work for their intended purpose. Which is to leave the bowl suctioned for the baby to practice eating.
2 of the zipper pockets ripped within the first couple of weeks. I did like the style, but very poor quality
It's a cute toy organizer. However, it came damaged (see pic) and i put toy balls in the bottom part and after a week the paint came off and got stuck to the balls. I never seen anything like it!!! And when i touched the area the paint seemed to be soft. I want to know now what kind of paint is this and is this safe for my kids????
It's hard to install! Very cheaply made. I guess you get what you pay for.
Light, relatively easy to install, but does not have adjustable base so it wouldn't fit in my car (2014 Ford Focus). I read it was a better choice for smaller cars and I can say this isn't the case. It didn't fit in my husband's 2015 F150 with the extended cab either. I was so excited for the price and ended up shipping both the cars seats I got back the very next day.
One of the stabilizer feet/flaps snapped off during first use. Oh well
Does not stay up or support my sons head. It feels like it would be comfortable if it worked correctly.
Did not help with the flat head
I liked them when they worked but had a lot of issues with the adhesive. My 2 year old twin boys were able to pull them apart because the sticky wasn't strong enough. They also didn't stick well on different surfaces. Sometimes the latch would also get stuck. I have since replaced them with a similar type (different brand) the latch is different (kind of like a button you slide up to unlatch) with stronger adhesive and it is working better for us.
Is very cheap looking
wayyy too small for what I needed... I didn't pay attention to size
This is not good at all! My kids play After a few days,look so bad and dirty!!
I liked the "idea" of them, but more of a hassle than a convenience. You can't buckle the seat belt without constantly sliding the piece up to pull the belt to fasten.
Concept great, execution poor. The idea of having an app to monitor your baby is good but the app is been awful for months since June or so. Customer service will dodge questions and tell you to reinstall and delete the app for any issue. Would not buy again, way too expensive to work 25% of the time.
Good nipples but don't stand up over time. I really want to score these nipples higher, as they are the only ones my picky EBF baby would take and that was after 3 weeks of consistent offering. My 2 star reasoning is they get micro cracks on the inside and if you're not super delicate with the nipple brush specifically for these nipples, you lose the "active" part of the nipple and milk will just flows out of it without baby suckling. I have 6 in rotation and my daughter goes through 4-5 a day at daycare. Ive had to order almost monthly because of finding micro cracks. I've only been using the Kiinde system since mid October. I really hope Kiinde figures out something without affecting the feel of the nipple.
The pacifier's color changed after a couple of days! Also too big and covers the nose of our 1-month old.
I wish it was a better fit for our stroller... it is waaaaay too big for our stroller and probably and other average strollers. Maybe better fit for a double stroller.
The color does not match the picture. It is more of a dull blue then the vibrant hue depicted. The material was very poor quality, rough and thin. Not appropriate for delicate baby skin or to keep them warm
i just got them and i`m not pleased with them at all.maybe ill change my opinion later but so far....
I wish i could love this but its still to tiny for me. I also really like having a water bottle holder and it doesnt have one.
You get what you pay for!! I really liked the simple look (and the price) of these shelves, but the quality is definitely lacking. I got 3 shelves, but only 2 are functional. The screws are soft so they become easily stripped and good luck trying to get any of the pre-drilled holes to line up. I was able to put two of the shelves together, but the third one is useless. So now I have 2 shelves instead of the 3 that I was hoping for...and since they are already assembled, I'm not sure how I would even ship them back. I'm very disappointed in the quality of these shelves...waste of money.
I was really excited to try these. I have a little one who gets into everything! But... the adhesive was no match for him. He quickly pulled them off completely.
I wanted to love this bath but I hate it. I have a regular double sink and no matter how I situate it she seems to have her head tucked into her chest and she constantly slides down and so does the bath. Can't wait to buy a different one.
Her bonnet has come completely unstitched. My little granddaughter loves this doll but the stitching is not what is should be for a little girl who loves to cuddle and play with her dolls. Very disappointed. I would not recommend this as a doll to be played with. On a better note: The color of the doll is vibrant and they did a great job on the stitching of her name.
front wheels are terrible, always getting stuck and don't roll well on smooth surfaces
It is cute, but after one wash, the elastic was ineffective and would not stay on the crib mattress.
Not a durable product. Stopped charging altogether
The only thing bad about the product is they don't cover my car window all the way down. Other than that works good.
Kind of a pain to install and get lined up properly. The adhesive wears off quickly so the product pops off easily.
I don't love Freemie. 2nd kid, 2 full years of breastfeeding and pumping experience with medela and spectra. Added my freemie cups but couldn't see through the frosted cups so I wasn't lined up right several times and wasted my time bc nothing came out or it spilled all over me. Nice in the car but that's the only time I use them bc they are so bulky for everyday use.
Cute but food spills inside and the first night packing my kids lunch the lid quit latching
Does not stay up on it's own, so if your child isn't sitting with their knees against the front seat, it's not really going to sit on their lap properly. Would work better for an adult than a child.
Bought this chair less than one year ago... while it is a comfortable and beautiful chair, out of nowhere it started to make noises and then one day just broke while my husband was sitting on it with our little baby on his lap...
Good quality, but very very difficult and complicated to fold
These are NOT square sheets with the correct measurements. Did not remotely fit.
Overall happy with the product itself (easy to attach, easy to clean, compact) but disappointed that it has begun to fall apart after less than a years' normal use. One of the rubber "buttons" has broken off and another is about to -- was hoping for a more durable product. Hopefully it is just a manufacturing defect and the remainder remain intact...
I think this chair is well designed and versitile, except the unit I received has a warped detachable tray. (See pic) It wobbles around when my baby reaches for food. Disappointing.
Item received damaged and it was not from shipping. It sucks cause it's just one side and then one screw will not go into anything. I have reached out to the company to see if the specific items can be sent rather then send the entire thing back
I was not impressed with the personalized baby blanket. To be honest, the material was very thin and flimsy. The name imprint was nothing special either. The item looks a whole lot better in the picture than it does in person. It was disappointing because I wanted to use it to adorn my baby for her christening. I ended up using a white blanket which cost me half the prices and looked 10 times better. Sorry, I wouldn't recommend this blanket.
Extremely hard to get together took two people I thought I was going to break it and it doesn't fit in the kitchen sink like I hoped it would :/
Sent this bag back. The gray area didn't seem to have the waxy coating. No way the bag was going to hold up.
I generally love these... BUT this last pack came in and the wipes SMELL AWFUL. What is wrong with them? I'd like to be contacted by a customer rep if possible. These are so handy for the working mom. This is my second time to order from amazon, since they are a little cheaper than target. Not really sure what is up!
I spent almost an hour baby proofing our coffee table. You have to apply the glue first and then the plastic tape, so it takes a while. However when I woke up the next day almost half of it was unstuck, less than a day later! The plastic seems good quality and would definitely provide protection but the glue needs some work. I might try to glue it again with a different glue.
I have used the bag a total for four times and the seam is ripping. The four times I have used it the backpack is comfortable to carry and fit all my needed supplies.
Very cheaply made, you can buy it in dollar store
It looks very cheap. The glue doesn't last long.
I saw the little giraffe In my local store, Came home to look in Amazon because the store only carried the one choice. In buying from Amazon the company presents it like you will get both, their is no choice between either or as well, which confirm to me that I was purchasing both as the company presented. When it came it came with one and it's the giraffe only, same as in local store. I called amazon and after they reviewed the presentation by seller they agreed and said they were going to resubmit and resend so I than would receive both giraffe and elephant. Package came quickly from Amazon but again the company sent me one item and again it was the giraffe. Amazon did try to correct the issue, kudos to them I have no complaint with amazon but if your buying this item I want others to know you won't be getting the elephant, It's one giraffe that they are selling and same one you will find in your local drug store we're the baby items are sold.
The lamb I received is defective. I expected a small amount of "beans" - sounded perfect. However, the lamb that arrived has a modest amount of beans on one half of the body - and NONE on the other. The difference is obvious - and because I purchased this as a gift I am returning it. Sigh. Trying to decide if I will re-order it - is this typical? I tried to manually distribute the beans but there is apparently a seam inside that prevents them from being distributed more evenly. It is very cute and I purchased it appreciating that the eyes, etc. are stitched - nothing sewed on that could be a risk to little ones.
Cute but for the size and quality price should be cheaper .
expensive for this product can get cheaper in store
Our kid hates this helmet. Frankly it's built with the integrity of an egg. Cheap materials, cheap looking, and frankly more gimmick than substance. He won't even let us put it in him. we bought another helmet recently and he loved it.
After having this stroller for months Inhave to agree with the negative reviews. On ours the left front wheel drags most of the time instead of rolling. I'm not super tall and I have to hunch over awkwardly to push this thing.. it kills my back. Handles need to be longer or have the ability to be adjusted for different people.
if you have an SUV just realize this is a small car shade. sun will peak through other parts beyond the shade. it was easy to install, I will have to buy a larger one. it may work better if you just have a compact car, 2 or 4 door. but anything larger, you will have to find something bigger.
Dislike I thought I was ordering baseball but they came soccer and baseball
Used this pouch for only when I go out and the flap that opens decided to just break off. Wont purchase again
I bought three od these bottles. All of them had very early wear and tear and their bottom became round unable to stand on its own
It's a good product but it does not have cherry sent and nipple is much smaller than described. I only ordered because of the cherry sent.
So we switched our babe out of the snuggle me co sleeper to his own bed and so we started using this and he turns his head and falls off of it. He's 3.5 mos old and we were hoping to avoid the flat spot. It's very light but it's just carved foam with a jersey type cover. For 20 bucks, I should have saved my $
Although I use the Ergo carrier often, I'm not crazy about it. My friend has an older version, which seems much better. First of all, there is 0 storage. Not even a small pocket - nowhere to stow keeps, a single diaper or cell phone. Also, the "sunshade" is tiny and doesn't even cover my daughter's head (who is also tiny at only 16 lbs. 10 months old) - compared to my friend's older version her sun hood is very generous and covers the baby's whole head. Finally, the velcro waist makes it difficult to get a good, tight fit. Just a buckle (again, like the older version) would be much better and would allow for a quicker, tighter cinch. I wouldn't buy this again.
The reviews are so high but these pads don't work as well as other nursing pads I have ordered. They are soft and absorb good but the problem is their shape. It is flat which makes your breasts look super awkward no matter what kind of bras you wear so I can only wear these pads at night. Also they don't stay in the bras like other brands that have a lightly pointing shape so they keep falling off through out the day. Nevertheless, I did not want to return them because I don't want to waste material until this morning I woke up with my bed and bras all wet. I checked and saw that one pad was missing from my bra. I then found it near my toilet, it fell out when I went to the bathroom during the night. It was the breaking point where I decided that I will return this product and buy the same brand I have bought. I do feel bad since it is such a waste of material.
I bought this for my toddlers bed, it does not stay on the bed! Every time she rolled into it, it fell off the bed!? I guess it's better than my daughter falling off the bed but I am very disappointed.
The good: Good for travel due to fold size. You can jam a good amount of stuff in the bottom pocket. The meh: The instructions for could be a little better as it did take me several tries before I fully understood how to fold it. The wheels are small, so they are more likely to get stuck on rough terrain, even sidewalk cracks. The bad: My husband, who is 5'11, is too tall to comfortably push this stroller, so I ended up having to ferry the child around the whole trip. Not very sturdy considering price.
Really loved these- easy to use with one hand- essential when wrangling multiple children.... but they broke after just a week of use.
The size is great except the parts are such brittle plastic that one of the parts broke instantly. Wondering if a replacement part could be sent out?
Cute socks, cant get rid of lint. Washed when i got them and have washed tons of times since. LO still gets tons of lint on his feet
I ordered these in pink but they sent me green. Very disappointing. Otherwise they seem pretty durable.
Had one from another child that worked great. Very warm. Got this one and not nearly as warm.
Not orthodontic unfortunately.
Wasnt expecting it to come all in seprate peices, it was really difficult to keep the look in the picture. The little kitten sticker that came with it looks great on my wall though
My 7 month old baby easily takes off this bib... it is not secure... it does not serves the purpose
These were ok. They are smaller in size than others I've purchased, not as soft, and the lace fabric is a little rough. I have a larger bust and these are too small for me. They can move around in my bra and not cover my nipple defeating its purpose. They aren't bad and I appreciate the quantity and price point, but if you have a larger bust, there are better options.
I put out traps to see if I did have any bed bugs and none of the traps have not caught any but I have had to use a fogger to treat for Bed bugs . Traps show no activity even though I was having some bites Would not use they do not seem to attract bugs
Too short and wobbly for standard toilet.
Daughter seems to like it. Although I read reviews about it being small, the size really blew my mind. I fee like it is more like doll bookshelf than a child's, that is how small it is. Do not feel like searching anymore, but I might still return. Will see how much she actually interacts with it.
Might as well use a regular infinity scarf!
holds on poorly to cups. hit or miss and some come with defects.
The bulb itself may be new, but the metal bit on the bottom is a refurb and doesn't fit as well. :(
Only 20 percent bamboo and 80 percent polyester. Description leads one to think it's all natural bamboo material. Not true.
I just installed and the lid still opens ): not happy with product..
Beautiful but tiny. My baby will use this on her dolls when she's older
Bought it as an overwhelmed first time mom-to-be but it appeared to be completely useless. It fits the changing pad nicely, fabric is soft and nice to touch and pad looks cute in it, BUT it is not waterproof so ended up using disposable waterproof pads on top of my pad.
This wrap was okay, very difficult to put it on especially because it's done random long piece of fabric. This Matieral also gets you very hot. I'd rather buy a baby carrier that clips together, way faster to put on especially when your out shopping.
after one time use it torn. the fabric isn't strong enough.
Frankly if I could redo this purchase I would not buy this glider and would opt for a cheaper version. When it was sent to my house, no hardware was provided to assemble the ottoman. Customer service told me to return the entire glider and ottoman and they would replace, but they couldn't send just screws and bolts. Obviously at nine months pregnant we weren't about to be boxing it up and bringing it to the post office. So a manager finally agreed to send us the hardware. The hardware we finally received didn't fit. We ultimately went to Lowe's and bought our own. Also cushion is no larger as firm and baby is only three months old. Save yourself the regret and just buy the cheaper glider.
It leaks!!!! Terrible for the price. 2 stars because it can take a beating and not break.
It definitely wasn't what I expected ,my childs head still tilts when falling asleep. But my child loves the cushiony fill.
At first, the material seemed decent - but after TWO trips, there are at least 10 tears and rips throughout the fabric. This is really poor quality. I bought another brand, and I like it much better.
I like the dr browns bottles better. And these are over priced IMO
The car seat itself is the most basic you can get. It also has very bright ugly warning stickers on both sides of it so when you photograph your baby that's all you see. It's not her cushioned or soft. The button to release the seat from the base takes moving the seat around to get it to disconnect. Loads of fun when standing in the rain or while someone is waiting to back their car out next to you. The stroller the middle compartment where you store things is already broken. It doesn't latch. It doesn't fit an iPhone 7 in it either so I don't know why they haven't updated the size of this wonderful feature. A very heavy jogging stroller. The front wheel shakes uncontrollably when you try to jog anyway.
In the beginning, this was awesome. I could wear any bra. Now, it won't stay tight so I need my bra to hold everything in place. I keep tightening it and it loosens up immediately.
I wanted to give this product more starts cause I do like it... when it actually charges! I have bought 2 of these now and they both ended with the same problem, the cable won't stay in the charging port and when it does, it's not at the exact right angle for the monitor to charge. The monitor dies not even half way through the night because the cable slips out of place. I really liked this product otherwise. I like the features and how the camera can be moved through the monitor. I like the 2 way talk and the music it plays. I just wish the charging port didn't break less than 3 months after buying the product.
This swaddle works well for its intended purposes, except for the fact that the top snap buttons are almost impossible to pull apart. Trying to unbutton them is so difficult that the material around the buttons started tearing immediately. I would not purchase again for that reason. Needs better snap buttons.
Does not keep the diaper stink out like the name brand bags do.
Would have been a great value but it did not fit my stroller :(
Poor quality. The first one received didn't light up so we sent it back. The second one ordered is extremely loud when set to rotate.
I bought these instead of getting more bamboobies. What I didn't know is that when breast feeding you become more tender and can't tolerate anything less than super soft. Skip these and get bamboobies.
This monitor reception is terrible. We've moved both ends and the sounds constantly cracks up and is fuzzy. My five year old outdated monitors were much better!
Does not protect your stroller what so ever. It is merely a drawstring plastic bag to cover. There is no proper handle nor proper place to label and tag the item. The red color makes it easy to see until you have a bunch of the same cover being used. It does the basic job of protecting your stroller from dirt but our bag did not withstand one international round trip. I will be purchasing a different design with better quality.
I was really looking forward to our 15m old not being able to through his bowl on the floor. This worked half through the first meal and then on to the floor. It's a cute design, just disappointed with it not sticking.
The wire gong into the plug broke, now it doesn't work.
I ended up returning these because they were hideous. I wanted to like them, but the prints they sent weren't anything like what is pictured.
These are great but I have to give a lower amount of stars because I received duplicates of two of the organizers and because of this didn't receive all of them. Not sure how to contact the seller in here
Made of low quality wood. I recommend using gloves while assembling so you won't get sharp pieces of wood into your skin. The assembly is sometimes frustrating as the holes don't align perfectly and as you tighten the screws if feels like there is no strength in the bed to hold any weight.
The instructions are very vague and I feel like I'm constantly readjusting my son because he's crooked again. There are button holes with no button, and the whole thing is just really confusing. Going to return and try something else. I don't feel comfortable putting my baby in this.
This product definitely has room for improvements. The handles are not connected to the seat which makes it very wobbly. The handles will easily move on the toilet bowl ring. I had to make homemade improvements before allowing my son to use it. Overall it will work, but I would keep searching. Not a good fit for every toilet!
Bluetooth will not sync with phone. Cannot control volume with remote.
Really great idea, but in order to get it tight enough to stay on it made the baby so uncomfortable he cried after only a minute or two.
I bought these because they are cheap. However, my 18-month-old was easily able to pull it out and the strap won't stay. Will not buy them again.
Such a ripoff. 15$ for a 50 cent toy attached to a $1.50 pacifier. It's cute and it works like any other pacifier. I guess it keeps in their mouth a bit more but save your money. This is not anything you need.
Unfortunately the lamp shade was pretty dented and banged up when I received it. It's also a little on the small side even on a child's size lamp. It's cute though.. the butterflies and flowers go well with my theme. The color clashes a little bit; I thought it would go with light pink a little more.
I really liked this organizer at first but I have only had it for a couple of months and it is already starting to rip at one of the seams. I mostly have used it to hold my drink/bottle of water and my cell phone, so it hasn't been through a lot of wear and tear.
This was nice but I didn't like it. The pocket made it difficult to thread
Nice at first but they don't glow as bright as plastic stars do. Takes longer for them to charge from the light. I put many on the ceiling and a day or 2 later, I am finding some on the floor. The stars are falling lol. I will not be putting up anymore
I was not a fan of this basket. It didn't close easily as it seemed misaligned. It also didn't fit well into my dishwasher so it was tough to find a good spot for it - it was a bit wider than most rows on the top of my washer (new kitchen aid). I found it cumbersome to open and close and get parts in and out easily with one hand. I ended up purchasing another brand with a silicone top and slit to just push parts in - and I love it!
What seems like a great idea (convertible to be a tray or bar!) turns out to be a complete nuisance. Because the bar is soft and squishy, the tray is so easy for my son to pull off and chuck whenever he feels like it (which right now happens to be an awful lot). We really need a try for the amount we find ourselves out and walking, but unless there is food he's eating right at the time, he's pulling it off--which means we have to store it in the bottom part of the stroller. Not a problem if you don't need to put anything else down there. Bottom line, it's annoying and frustrating and if I could buy a different tray I would throw this one away immediately. Please MB, if you're listening, rethink this design!
this is not a fine mesh...the holes are in larger.
They're cute but REALLY thin, can't use after they spit up 1 time
It's difficult to use at times.
Super repetitive and redundant questions. Not that easy to personalize and the stickers are lame and also redundant.
I purchased these as a gift for a family member having their first baby. I was really disappointed with the quality, I know that they are not at a high price point (I am on a budget), but I still expected them to be worth buying. They were not. The material is very thin. The velcro sticks to itself and makes you feel like you're going to rip the fabric unless you gently peel it apart. I purchased another brand, "amazing baby" and they are far superior in quality. I would not recommend this item.
Definitely not leak proof- we bought these as a first sippie cup and we don't even use them because it just spills constantly.
My son didn't take it well.
The concept of product it's good. but looks solid by my daughter. she doesn't like it , because I tried couple times but she just couldn't pee on it. very disappointed.
Tray is a bit undersized for a lot of the silicone suction mat plates. Little crevices that cannot be easily cleaned. A cloth seat that is not super easy to remove (way easier after the first time though). Hand wash only!? This collects too much baby mess and isn't easily cleanable enough for the task. I love the way it sits on our table and the space it saves but otherwise it was a poor choice on my end. Machine wash gentle cycle is your friend. Take out the seat cushion before washing. And air dry. It dries fairly quickly but still takes an overnight to do it. You just can't wash it between two meals and be ready for the next. I also suggest you take it down and hose it off in the shower on occasion as there are grooves and places where food accumulates and wow that was disgusting. All I can say, it's spring time and now I have ants. They are coming from places inside of this thing I cannot reach. I am NOT happy.
The brush is very stiff and honestly the only piece I use from this set. Will not purchase again.
Did not include banister attachments as noted in the description. Build quality is sub-par, have bought cheaper pressure gates that fit more evenly when leveled. The gate seems to bow at the hinges under the slightest bit of pressure. The stroller ramp is a nice addition that wasn't found in other gates by default but doesn't make up for the misleading description.
Returned. I found most of the pages were about mom and dad than baby
I have larger breasts and this bra doesn't have much support. It's not easy to use with one hand. Material is nice
Very soft, fits properly around the baby's neck but when the baby spills milk on it - well the baby's bodysuit will be very very wet too. Quite disappointed!
Works great for the 4oz bottles, but needs to be a few inches taller to reach the bottom of the 8oz bottles. You would think that doc brown bottles and doc brown bottle brush would work well together.... guess not.
I wanted to love this plate. I've tried placing it on the high chair tray - slides right off. Wood dining table - slides right off. Glass dining table - slides right off. What am I supposed to attach this thing to?
These are tiny, the shape is off, and they do nothing
The flow was suppose to be slow but comes out very fast chocking the baby who is 8 month and can drink out of other sippy cups.
They are bent and misshapen and don't stick great bc of that
Love swaddle wraps but these were too big and too lose for my little one. She could easily get her arms out.
I like the fact that this one came with the pump but the pump was a cheap quality and broke only a few days after I purchased it and I've now purchased three of these tubs and they probably only lasted a month most before they started getting holes and popping
I still own this for the simple fact of price. It does not fit in wide shopping carts, and it has entirely way too many places to tie to the cart or chair when trying to deal with a mobile child. Print is adorable and price was great. However it is not an easy to use product...
Use these near baby's changing table and for bottom of the diaper pail. Ended up having to double up for that! They're ok but not sure if I'll buy again.
The outer shell is very flimsy. It shredded after just a couple of months exposing the inside material. On one side it shredded off completely. Very disappointed.
When unwrapping and putting the bassinet together it took less then 5 minutes. It has wheels on one side, that you tilt to move the bassinet around. This is not practical as you couldn't do it with the newborn sleeping in it. As a stand-alone bassinet, it didn't work out for my baby as it wasn't as stable when it wasn't sitting flush on the bed. As a result the baby moved around, and it would cause the bassinet to shake and wake the baby suddenly because of the baby's reflexes.
Spoon is very hard for baby
Strong hold on shirts and bibs, but unfortunately the metal part rusts if you get them wet.
The holes did not math, it is to thick, the plug come off
The handles go on in a fixed position, but the tops don't screw on so that the mouth piece will face the kid. This will only work once my baby is big enough to make it work regardless of where the handles are. Very frustrating and counter productive.
I wanted to love this stroller because it folded flat & was easy to fly with but within 3 hours of use, the wheels started squeaking loudly (we were in Disney and people were turning and looking - over the crowd volume) If you are buying to use & throw away within a week of use, I would recommend...if you are looking for something to last a few months....avoid. We left with the housekeeping staff at the resort & I even felt bad giving it to her for free to use for her granddaughter.
Unimpressed. Not a quality product.
This multi use nurse cover is soft and the print is very pretty but the stitch is not great at all. It started coming off after one wash. I have bought 3 others for half the price and they are in excellent condition. I would not buy again.
While the item I received is cute and well made, it is not the same item that I ordered. (See pictures)
I used my cart cover just once with my baby boy. He kept pulling it off and really did not care for it. He is a strong, rough and tough little boy. I ended up giving it away to my friend's granddaughter.
The instructions are hard to understand and it is not advertised that the fetal infant support is sold separately. It is almost impossible to set the straps exactly where you need them then place the baby inside overall it is uncomfortable, bulky, straps are ridiculously long I'm only 63 inches and small frame. I wish I had not bought it.
We thought these were kind of expensive, but now that we've used them, we can understand the price. They are great quality. Can cut through all kinds of food, including tough meats. Easy to keep clean. Convenient to carry around. UPDATE: After a few months of use, we found that the scissors were very very difficult to pull out of the case. Apparently, the metal bolts in the middle got a little bit loose, so they were getting caught in the case. We've had to twist/tighten them with pliers multiple times in the last few months. And eventually just gave up on using the case altogether. They still cut well, but we have to tighten the bolt from time to time. So downgrading the review to 2 stars.
its not the same print!!
Nice gate but the latch is very difficult to get open
I bought this since my middle seat does not have a headrest to attach a carseat mirror. I was able to put it on one of the side headrests and could angle it to see my baby in the middle seat. Unfortunately after just a few weeks, I can no longer adjust the mirror because it's completely loose and does not stay in a position except completely facing down.
The thermometer and app are wonderful. The compatibility however is not. It works well with the iPhone adapter but will not work at all on my Moto Z2 force. That means that it is completely useless unless I use my iPhone with adapter. That really sucks. I do like the thermometer and I do like the features but not not that it only works on old phones. A design overhaul is definitely in order.
I bought these for my grandma's stove. She kept hitting the knobs accidentally when she would walk by the stove and I found the gas open a couple of times. I was worried for her safety so I ordered these but they didn't work. I found that when I installed them, they actually made the stove knobs pop off. I returned them immediately.
I wanted to love these but the suction when using isn't the same and the tunnel is much shorter. The silicone edges are so nice but that was the only thing that was great about them.
Does not stick and stay. Had to tape it :(
This product is very cheaply made. It is almost a styrofoam fabric and not a comfortable fit.
Half the size of the picture.
(City scene roll-up) I reeally want to give this more stars. Its great on so many levels - cute designs, easy to clean, and durable. BUT we've had it for almost five months and it still curls at the edges while on the “adult” (ie gray) patterned side. I've even folded the edges and left books on overnight. Hoping it will eventually flatten out, but until then - two stars.
The size of the letters are good , but they don't stick good on walls And it's super hard to peal them off from the plastic even white blow dryer super hot . I guess that's why they are not too price . You get what you pay . Doesn't worth it
The bumps on this are too big for my 7 month old to grab. Also, the hard plastic bumps on each side hurt him when he tumbles on it.
They are bright and nice texture but they don't stay together. I'd pass on these.
When it came the left arm of the chair had peeling paint and then looks like someone tried to cover it up with new paint. I had ordered this for my new sun room. Disappointing
Functional working. The quality of the finish is poor. However there is a long crack on the bottom. I am worried the water and moisture could leak into it and damage the circuit. I am surprised this can pass their quality assurances.
I bought this thinking able to use for my 2 years old, 24 lbs granddaughter. But my back hurt carried her with this, so I returned it.
Did not fit our standard crib and easy for our 5 month old baby to remove.
The 4 batteries are put on top of each other, 2 by 2. This makes it really hard to get them in or out. Once I got them in, the fan would not work with the rechargeable batteries even after we tried charging so then I tried regular batteries with the same result. It did work when we plugged it in but obviously that defeats the purpose of using this fan on the stroller, at the pool or beach. Expect more from a fan at the higher end of this market. Ended up finding one we love for less than half the price of this one....
I will try to be neutral. I was not a fan from the beginning of these tubes. I bought them for my second breast pump, they do have suction, but you can see that they are not the same when you see that is very easy for milk to go in the tubes. They say that you can not sterilize them, and you can not sterilize the medela ones either, but I have never had one drop of milk in my medela, unlike these system. I tried to clean the tuber with hot water, because I was very worried about the spill coming to the machine, and so I did. They do not work anymore.
These broke the first time my son tried to open the door. These will only keep a very small baby from opening the door. Great idea, easy to install and use. Don't get if your trying to keep your toddler inside lol
First of all, this bed was the most frustrating thing I have ever had to put together. I literally wanted to take it and throw out the window. I followed the instructions and could not get the slats in properly. They kept on popping out before I could get the other rail attached. I even called a friend to come help me as this is not a one person job. She wanted to put it back in the box and return it. The only saving grace was a YouTube video I found. The only way I was able to get the slats in and that they stayed was with this video not even the same product, but hey I got it put together. Overall, I would never recommend this bed unless it's fully assembled. It's cute and that's it.
So i got this for my poodle because it looked so easy to install and convenient but i end up receiving used item missing the template! I still decided to give it a try and so i made my own template and installed . It is very weak and my small 12 lbs dog can push through and come out through bottom . I think i received defective unit because the bottom of roll is loose even when its not being used . I really wanted this to work , such a great idea but poor item
Great set. One of the parts came off of a bowl. I contacted the seller and they said for me to glue it back on. I did not glue it back on. There are probably enough items to keep the little one happy.
While this is great for babies to hold and feed themselves pureed fruits and veggies it is so incredibly difficult to thoroughly clean that it's almost not worth using. I wouldn't recommend this product.
These covers are made of very nice material, but it isn't ideal for the purpose of the pillow. The material is a very soft, fussy type of fabric which makes the pillow very slick and causes it to slide out from under the baby and off my lap while I'm nursing. If I'm not clutching the pillow in place I might as well not even be using it
The baby carrier isn't that bad. I use it every week when I go grocery shopping with the kids. My baby has loved it as she is close to me & see everything at my level. She has even fallen asleep in it, although her head limps around & i have to support it. It tends to dig into my shoulder sometimes. It's not really ergonomic but you get what you pay for.
These are alright. I really liked them at first because it's great to grab one to change baby on and they're small enough to keep in the diaper bag as extra protection when changing a messy diaper. The only problem is the waterproof layer on the back of pad is wierd after washing. I've never dried them so I'm not sure what is causing this to happen. It's as if it's delaminating. It feels as if it's melting or something. It really looks like what I would imagine would happen if I dried them on very high heat.
Help but not enough, baby chair leaves mark on leather seats
Also fell down overnight, like others' reviews. Like: the WHOLE THING because it attaches to each other. Had to go buy double sided tape from Home Depot to get it back up but once we did it looks pretty cool. Still coming off but overall looks good. But know that you will also need double sided tape. They should fix the adhesive. These photos are AFTER adding double sided tape.
My 2 year old used this like 3 times and got scared to go back on. Not a big fan is because there is no slot to hold a tie fit on the toilet. It move around and the plastic screw come off easily. Will look for other options.
Ame with broken snaps.
It's good to keep the milk cool but not tall enough for 8 oz bottle.
I bought this gate to put on the bottom of the steps to our deck. It was more to prevent my toddler from going up the stairs. It works great for that reason. However I would NOT recommend using this gate at the top of the stair with a child. The mesh is flimsy and does not provide a solid and secure gate.
These are cool but they get cops attention. They look a little ghetto. They do work however. Not sure if they're technically legal
It's ok, or gets the job done.. but its really hard to turn on/off. I wish the vibration was more powerful.
it was bigger than I thought so I returned it
I would love this if it was battery powered and I could move it anywhere, but unfortunately you have to plug it in. Other than that it's great!
I really wanted to like this product. I hate having to wash my hands free bras all the time, so I thought this product would cut that part out of my routine. I always find myself using this only when I don't have a hands free bra available because they're dirty. It takes way too much time to put on and set up the pump to the right spot to get a good flow going.
Being smaller chested they don't cover smoothly. They bunch up. Not saying that they are a bad product but I find them to big and flimsy. Probably because I'm used to smaller stiffer ones. Just my preference.
overall fine, but if you want to install it to some seat with too many functions (i.e. lines), you would have some trouble.
I'm a C and they sent me a medium when I ordered a large. Was too lazy to return it as the nearest UPS store is 30 miles from me. Its too tight towards time to pump again and its so uncomfortable. Also where the fabric meets rubs on the nip and can be painful. Overall its not bad for the price, maybe I'd like it more if the right size was sent.
The chair is good quality, however it does not fold up easily or compactly enough to be used everyday on the go.
Fits great, but it would've been better if the material is water resistant and easier to clean.
I never realized how often my baby falls and hits the front and sides of her head till I put this on her. I would give it two stars but customer service was nice.
Seems cheaply made but it plays nice music.
Really nice bottles, but just did not work for our previously exclusively breast fed son. We ended up achieving success with the mOmma, but this is probably the closest design and might work for some babies. Not ours, though, I think in part because of the slightly narrower nipple. Your mileage may differ.
I have a 4 month old and there was a lot of milk residue built up in her tongue. I wanted to use this to clean, but it is weirdly wide in the direction you would put it in baby's mouth. Hence it would not fit. I can only use it when baby becomes a toddler
Don't last long. My baby is 1 and half month old I think this only last her until 2 months old .
It can only fit the very small cups and with all the pressure the drink shoots back up on my daughter. Quality is good but design is not made for my little one.
The crib is beautiful. We are very happy with the product once it was assembled, but I was disappointed that it was delivered with several scratches. It did arrive earlier than expected but the condition of the wood did not seem new.
easy to install and use. but the wheel is not working well.
The clay is very foamy and flimsy when it dries. I was hoping for something that would withstand years of unpacking and packing for Christmas! I'm not sure how well these will hold up as ornaments. Might just have to keep as a keepsake.
Not great quality. Super cute though.
Needs a 100% smooth surface to suction too but the kids love it either way
The install instructions are garbage, so you have to do things by trial and error. You can overpower the lock with a slightly heavier pull
I ordered the green frog and received the pink one.
I was excited for this product the first couple of nights my 4 year old wore them. They fit perfect and he said they were comfortable. However, I'm very disappointed with the absorbency. He soaks through them every night, even with the extra padding. I have home use the restroom right before we go to bed and immediately upon waking up, and they still leak. He never had issues with leaking with the goodnights diapers and I had hoped to get away from those. Very expensive product and I'm washing his bedsheets every other day. I do not recommend this product, unfortunately.
Nice gate. Not great for really small dogs as you have to install it too high due to the baseboard base board. If your house doesn't have a baseboard in the opening, this is a great gate for small dogs. Build from strong PVC pipe and good mesh, installation was fairly easy although it uses inserts and if you are not familiar with those, it may be a little tough, but still easy enough.
It is a very cute decal. However, even though it is simple enough to put up it would have been nice to have instructions. I don't know if it was the type of paint that we used or the decal it self. Either way it was not sticking to the wall. I even tried to rub it on with an old credit/gift card with no luck. I ended up peeling it off and sticking to foam board. Sticks just fine to that.
These are pretty nice. It won't take up to much space in our house or on the wall. It's not heavy to hang. So I don't have to worry about it falling on my kids. Easy to install. The hook that comes with it is very sticky but doesn't hold up on the wall well so we used a command hook from (3m company). I got the plain on seeing I like simple and it still is cute. It comes with a pen. But I'm using my own that I like.
Serves purpose but awkward and uncomfortable after a few mins.
Definitely easy to hold, but it's for a baby...It constantly falls on the floor, and you can't just wipe it off or blow the dust or dog hair off. It's super staticky and everything sticks to it. Can't wipe it on your shirt, becuse it will just collect more lint. The o lay way to clean it is to run it under water, and it's tough to do that every two seconds.
Good playard, no structural problems. Giving it 3 stars for a boring mobile and the changer/napper is more of a hassle than its worth. Bought this for the bassinet attachment, which works great (bought the Dream On Me 3" playard mattress for it too). Would have liked to purchase it with the bassinet and WITHOUT the napper/changer or the mobile at a cheaper price.
First off, my son has been using this pillow for almost two months now. I purchased it for his very flat head in the back. I haven't noticed his back of head getting any rounder, but for the first few weeks, I noticed that he was losing a lot of hair in the back and saw the hair on the pillow. My son is 6 months and and lots and lots of hair, so it was very noticeable. I wanted him to continue using it, so I put a small pillow case on it, which has helped. His hair is growing back now and he's able to continue sleeping on it. He doesn't roll yet, so he stays in place all night.
Super cute, soft and breathable, but so big and loose it doesn't fit tightly on our evenflo play yard mattress. As my daughter moves, so does the sheet, but fortunately she's a year old, so I'm not so worried about her face getting covered, but the fit is not good. However, we have an Aden + Anais crib sheet that is of the same fabric and we LOVE it. I was worried about breathability, so we use it with a Newton crib and felt very comforted knowing our baby had breathable and soft bedding.
Fairly small and hard to stay in place if you have a wiggly baby.
This works fine for what we need it for, hanging on the pack-n-play, to organize diapers. However, the mesh pocket on the side that I use to store a couple extra outfits has ripped after only a couple of weeks. It's not like I stored something heavy or sharp in there. A little disappointed with the quality and durability. However, after posting this review, I received a new one free of charge. I will try that one out and update my review if it works. Maybe the first one I received was just a dud. I'm willing to give it a second try.
It has a bend in middle n hence it's not worth it. Maybe the material is so poor.
I like the item. But I wish it would come with a drain tube so would be easy to evacuate the water. This is just a stand, but you really need is something is more thought thru how to evacuate the water when you are showering your baby in the bath tub. I purchased an extra draining tube and placed inside of the bath stand but then had the issue the drain didn't align with the drain whole in the bath tub. So I think a lot of details to think of... and design wise it's ok but not great.
Solid product. Maybe not quite as nice as I was expecting for the price but it did get the job done. My child enjoyed using it on a long road trip
The boxing is damaged. This is a baby shower gift so not opening it. Hopefully the product is not damaged and then I will have to return for replacement.
Easy to assemble. Works great for now, but plastic and leather seating seems flimsy. Hope it lasts for awhile, especially for the price.
The electric wire was broken!
Works well but has to be readjusted each night
Although this shade has been the one of choice for my husband and me, we wish it were a little wider to cover more of the window. Otherwise a good product.
Wasn't immediately apparent from product description, but two have cutesy sayings written on them. I kept them but turned them so the writing isn't visible.
It looks good and is well made but not much storage room. Only enough room for one diaper and small soft package of wipes.
This is a cute LITTLE basket, I was looking for something to throw my Grandson's toys in, this is way too small for that. Will use it in the bathroom for hair ties and such. Love the cat design!!! Just wish I had paid more attention to the size!
My daughter enjoys this. It is very cheaply made and hard to keep together. The seat is great alone, adding the toy and tray isn't easy considering it does not stay together we'll
It was a bit bigger than I anticipated but it works in the end not a bad buy at all
The drawers are not deep enough and not the best quality of materials. Overpriced for the quality. We put it in the closet so it will work!
The bottles seem to help with gas and spit up but my baby doesn't like the nipples as much as the avent natural
Just use a regualr detergent , this is too expensive if you want to be breastfeeding for long
It's a cute plush, but it's not the blanket I ordered
the pouch doesn't suction all the way. my son has milk sometimes get stuck and cant get out. very troublesome when he is hungry.
The projector scrolls very, very quickly. It is not soothing at all. The whole thing is cheap. I don't expect it to last long.
Nice but little difficult to put together
I bought for my 4 yo daughter who needed protection from water getting in her ears . My daughter wears It without any complaints. It is very light. It does the job so far. The only issue is that it does slide down occasionally but it's easy to readjust. I have used it for one month so far and for the price it does the job.
not that thick though, it was okay
My wife wanted these to avoid plastic for our children. She is pretty happy with them. As stated they are spill proof not leak proof. One did seem to develop a tiny split below the mouth place (so it leaks when being drunk from), perhaps it happened when it was being stretched over our cups. These work awesome with the 8 oz narrow-mouth canning jars, which is the only thing we have used! Very easy to get on and adjusted with the tab on one side. Super easy to clean, one finger fits inside the spout. 5 stars if they lasted without splitting.
It hasn't been holding during showers. I still have to hang on to it for good suction on the head (still lets water through which upsets my toddler). Otherwise if your little one doesn't mind a little water on their face it would be fine but that's the reason I bought it was to avoid this at all for more compliance in the shower
Very difficult to instal. Had to cut wires.
The fabric side shrunk more than the minky side. Expected this to happen as it happens to most bibs. But still a little frustrating. Overall they were very cute for the holiday season and will keep using them until the drool is done.
I am only giving three stars because the visor on this is a joke, and a huge pain. I paid a lot of money for this and this part is the worst. It never stays up, I constantly have to fix it. It is always dragging on the ground, and gets in the way of snapping it in the base. The rest of the car seat is great though.
I was looking for something to help introduce my son to cereal but they are hard to use. Sometimes he needs a little help and it's hard to reach the bottom to push it when it gets too low. Cleaning is ok but just not a fan of these. They aren't like they used to make them.
I ordered these for my granddaughter-in-law. She has not just morning sickness but all day sickness! She said these help if she takes them as soon as she feels the first wave of nausea. After that, not so much.
After u wash it, the quality is not the greatest . It is Not a soft material. But its ok for the price.
I wasn't too impressed with this. I use it for tummy time with my daughter and this mat is pretty small. The material its made off...well....everything slides off it. My daughter can't stay on the pillow because it keeps sliding out from under her because of the material
What can I say, they do the job.
Gets clog easily. Needs to be flush frequent in order for it to work at ease. Good product, otherwise.
The colors look nice and it's a nice and it's a nice size, but this set is super cheap feeling. My son always asks for his “soft blanket” before we tuck him in with this sheet and comforter. Definitely not worth the money.
It looks nice but it's very small the one I had before was way bigger. It's ok if your downsizing from a much bigger bag but if it's for a baby that you need to carry a lot of big things then I would not recommend.
It is a decent stroller for occasional use. We got it to take our 2 year old grandson to Disney. It would not last a long time with everyday use.
This is a really good inexpensive car seat. However it is a bear to install. I've installed this in both a 2015 explorer and 2016 odyssey. Getting a tight fit is hard. Even taking this to our local car seat install days is a challenge. It may be the way the latches are on our 2 cars, but it is a challenge. The way that we learned to get the right fit is to lean the seat back and tighten as much as we can. Once you put the seat back to upright it is a tight fit. The seat belt install is a little easier but a no go in the middle row of the explorer. The air bag seats belts did not work with this seat.
Bought for a Delta bassinet. It is about a inch too big for it. We are still using it because we have a sheet over it and just folded down each side. So it can be used but I'd recommend another product that fits better for a Delta bassinet.
Did not fit my 2yo. Did fit my 1yo. Very large as well. My 8yo son wouldnt fit between the two.
really hard to clean, bottle cleaners don't fit well inside. I dropped one and cap shattered into pieces but baby still likes it as much as other store bought pouches, still would not repurchase.
Container came busted so I am looking for a way to actually use it, but I'm sure it will work fine!
However, pieces were missing
It's not what I originally wanted but my wife bought it without consulting me. It's ok though.
Received the wrong cups...not the pattern shown in the picture but we will still use them.
This container is very good quality and size. However, the mouth piece tore immediately making it completely useless. I am hesitant to buy a replacement as I don't want to waste the money. The other downside is that the lid isn't attached and easy to loose. I keep looking for a great stainless toddler cup but have yet to find one that fits the bill.
Trendy, but hard to put much in it. Only good to hold 2 diapers and some wipes or it's too bulky.
That they're not with a battery option.
I use this to store my pumped breastmilk and unfortunately, this does not insulate very well. My ice packs do not stay as cold as when in my other bottle bag. I did like the double zipper feature, the shape of the bag and the strap. It's not bag for a few short hours but not good for a whole 8 hour day.
I sent this back because the packaging said it is set to turn off after an hour and you can't change that. Otherwise it was a really cool product. I'm going to get a different brand of the same type of product that doesn't turn off automatically.
This product worked amazing the first time I used it with my 9 month old daughter. It stayed in place, she couldn't pull it off and the dividers on the plate helped her see the difference in the food choices so she can feed herself. However, after the first time, this plate refuses to stick onto the tray. If you pull directly up on the plate it does stick, but if you try to slide it or tilt it, it comes off the high chair tray. My daughter figured out how to get it off her tray in about 10 seconds. It is easy to clean and has held up well in the dishwasher. I would probably purchase it again if I needed, but I would be aware that it doesn't stick to trays well.
It came folded up in a small box and now doesn't have the round shape as shown in the picture. Just is squished looking.
Screen blinks every 5-10 seconds and feed goes out every few min. Otherwise sound and picture are good
Chalk pen and was not included.
It's easy to Clean. It came pictured how I expected. But I personally hate baby bathtubs and my daughter didnt seem very comfortable and would just cry. I use the baby tub as a prop for photos though. So i guess it came in handy
Ok as a pet gate but wouldnt recommend for babies/toddlers.
I really wanted to like this potty. It's a great idea and the folding leg functionality works great. I also love that it comes with a little travel bag to store it in. The problem is that the splash guard is very short. I have to get my 2 year old to sit very far back on the seat and widen his legs so that the stream points down. And even then, it's got to be just right to not splash over the top and make a mess. Perhaps when he's a little older, I can coach him to aim, but for now during potty training, I'm going to have to monitor him very closely. It'll be fine as a travel/back-up option, but not sure it'll work in one of our bathrooms in the house, as I'd hoped.
I was hoping to transition out of the Merlin Magic Sleepsuit, but she did not sleep as long. I also did not like how the fabric bunched up near her neck. It didn't seem like a safety risk, but annoying to constantly pull it down. It may have been great if she had never slept in the magic suit previously.
I was so excited to get these and so wanted to love them. When they initially arrived they were nice and big and thick. (My little one is teething and drooling all over the place but also spits up a bit.) So I washed them out of the package and dried them. They shrunk exponentially and the more I used them the more I realized how they lack absorbency. They work for a run of the mill burp cloth, but I'd you're looking to true absorbency these aren't them. I have flannel ones that are far more sturdy. Really wanted to love them!
I am glad I waited before I posting my review - I love the concept and convenience of this from a portability and space-saving perspective. BUT, as soon as your infant starts to roll over or push with her legs it's time to move on. My 4-1/2 month old almost pushed herself out of it yesterday. Her head was completely past the top. I'm not sure if it would have tipped over because the rest of her was still inside and her legs were already fully extended, but it was enough of a wake-up call for me to put her on the floor. She was not tied down, but I doubt the safety belt would have kept her secured - even when I belted her in she pushed out of it. A 3- or 5-point harness system would definitely be an improvement. Up to this point, this has been great, though I now wish I had purchased the flat-bottomed model.
The product came with runs in the thread on the top and around the edges where the bottom material was becoming detached. Hopefully I just got a dud
They don't last in the wash. Super soft at first but with a baby they need stuff washed often and it didn't hold up well, and for the price I hoped it would last. Size was perfect for a newborn.
Baby didn't like it. It looks cute and is well made, but never ended up using it more than a day.
These were great at first but after ONE wash in baby laundry detergent, one of the mitten got hole-ly. I was very disappointed! They are expensive too! Returned them.
Looks great. I love it ! But, the material and glue on the name feels cheap. Hope it last.
The height was perfect. The insert was a bit loose and attached by Velcro.
Soft tiles was not the name they should have gone with. I will say was very easy to install and the pattern matched exactly what we have bought from another company while decorating my son's Room. I would like an increase on quality moving forward. I guess it is a cool feature that you can pull the animals out suffer yet it just causes a non even Plane at all times
I was so excited to get the crib skirt. I am NOT happy, it doesn't fit in the corners like the picture shows. It doesn't hit the floor like the picture shows either. The quality is so so. I most likely will be looking for another crib skirt.
Used for a birthday party as table decorations. I got a package of 6... all of them were red. One of the ninjas did not even hold air and none of them stood up alone on the tables or floor.
Decent cooler. Doesn't keep things cool very long without an ice pack.
It works on my Nuna stroller, but the versatility also means it's not a perfect fit. It slides down the handlebars and gets tangled up when I collapse or open the stroller. The cup holders are pretty handy and you can fit a lot of stuff in the bag overall. Also much sturdier than I expected. Just takes some patience to get it positioned every time you begin a walk.
Not sure how well it works but this will not work on the older versions of the Thermos.
Great invention. Only reason I gave 3 stars is the whole unit is hard plastic. I'm just waiting for my kids to stand on it or use it as a step to get in and the plastic snap. It's not very easy to adjust because because it doesn't have metal hinges to help it glide. However it saved my 7 year olds legs during a 20 hr drive so we enjoyed them.
Label on one of the sizes placed crooked and torn
I love cozy covers. They are durable, easy to use and easy to clean... but I paid 25 for it on here, to go shopping at Walmart the next day and see the EXACT same one I just purchased for 15... Annoying
This seat does not work on a comfort height toilet as indicated.
Maybe It because my child is very long, but I found this difficult to put my baby in while I was alone. When she was sitting in it, she seemed comfortable but the wrap itself would droop further down, I had to keep pulling it up and adjusting it. It could be because she's a larger baby, but I didn't find it that secure.
Disappointed in this gate. Overall it's exactly what I was looking for, purchased to keep my toddler out of the kitchen. The install wasn't exactly a breeze, but wasn't terrible either. Was actually really satisfied the first 2 days - however by day 3, the latch is already sticking and you have to jiggle the handle/button it to get the gate latched. For the price it definitely should've lasted more than 3 days. So now I have to decide if I want to send back or not, which is extra annoying since it was a hassle to put up in the first place.
They sent me the wrong color. I got pink and orange which is not acceptable to my son, especially since his sisters have the pink and orange cups.
The seat cover doesn't fit the seat properly. It bulges out in different directions and doesn't secure well in the back. I should have spent the extra 10 bucks and bought another Graco.
It does its job but it doesnt fit completely.
I bought this for occasional use only to ensure that my son's head is not flat- Feeling quite soft and low backlash at a good price, but I didn't think a 6 month old baby was comfortable at all.
I like everything about the munchkin bottles except that they just leak all the time! I'm constantly having to mess with the blue valve on the bottom so that it doesn't leak. I literally have a poking tool next to his bottles because I have to poke at it to stop the leaks every day! So annoying!! But I am stuck with 7 bottles and don't want to spend more money on new bottles.
It opens easily when you have it on your bag
So far it only fits Carters. The description says lovable friends as well but it wasn't compatible.
Does not protect against odors like the name brands. When we have to put a stinky diaper in, we have to change the bag immediately or the odor lingers. Holds well, just not stopping odors. Seems to be slightly thinner than standard as well
The screws and locks broke when tightening and it smells awful for a few days but the kids like it.
They fit kind of weird, but they work how I need them to
Sizing is WAY off!! I bought size medium for my 3 year old after reading the reviews. I should have got a small! These thing are so big compared to my daughter 😣
My son trys to get cereal out of it but because he has the cereal in his hand he cant get his hand out. I'm a little disappointed.
It is a little too bulky on the bottom abs the seat is really really hard just like a board.
Robin's egg blue is more like neon blue. Will update review once I get the exchange that actually looks decent in the nursery.
Sad because the owl battery has already died. My baby is only 6 months old. There isn't any way to change the battery.
I ordered a large and it definitely runs small. I'm a 36H and the band barely fits with the extra extended and the front sits low because of how much spills out. I realize this isn't an actual bra but the ill fit makes me so eager to get it off when I'm done pumping. I'll definitely be reordering in an XL because I love the concept of it, the size is just too small for big chested people.
The issue i have with this is that my daughter hangs on it so now it leans a little bit. Other than that it keeps her in a safe place So i dont have to worry
Thought this would come with at least one or two cheap cars...but nope. Had to go buy more,as it was a gift.
The description says 43" long. 43" for netted part only. 47" for the part that anchors under the mattress. We don't have enough room to install it on the hospital bed I have for my 92 year old dad. He needs something easy to leave open for us to get him in and out of bed and then keep his wandering legs in the bed while he sleeps without bruising him. I even bought a nice cushy cover from another vendor that fits over it perfectly. Other than that, it was easy to install and looks easy enough to anchor. All parts worked and it seems like a great product. Just wish the anchoring part was a couple of inches shorter.
Was sent 2 left bracket but it's really nice.
The stroller feels and looks too plastic/cheap, especially the foldable umbrella-like flap. The car seat is not well-cushioned. Overall, however, it'll serve its purpose.
The tray is very good quality and durable fabric. It fits well around a big toddler chair and stays put with plenty of extra storage! I went with this particular one because I was also wanting to purchase a magnet board for our road trip anyway and thought it was a “bonus” to have. It is not. All in all the board is poor quality and the magnet board itself barely appears when marked or stamped. It and it's parts are pretty haphazardly glued together. The tray is a good deal, but I would suggest losing the board as a bonus. It detracts from a good product.
Using this for dog poop wasn't the greatest experience. A diaper genie would be better as it twists and closes each diaper separately so you aren't knocked over by the horrible scent. Using a regular trash bag in this along with separate bags for each time our dog goes #2 - then knotting those bags closed and placing them into the Ubbi container for a week before trash day - ick! We learned to hold our breath before opening the container to put another bag in, and continue holding our breath as we got at least 5 feet away because the scent would linger. I definitely don't recommend it for using with babies or animals, as a regular trash container, maybe.
Works fine, but after just two uses the handle slot is super stretched out. I imagine it'll get pretty terrible after a few more uses...
This would probably be great for a girl, but even with the pee guard little boy pee tends to go everywhere. Pee splashes off the guard and runs down the front or goes under the pot and puddles in the base which does not come apart and is very hard to wash out. It fits nicely on the toilet seat and even works with our elongated toilet. The base is ok, but is kind of a weird shape to have next to the toilet.
I bought this thinking it was easy to put on but it is complicated.
Good quality but too small
These work great to start out, however after multiple uses over a couple of months they start to leak. The tops are also very easy for a youngster to chew.
If you have to use the extensions, they are worthless. They are so flimsy my puppy had figured he can push hard enough and break through. If you don't need those it's perfect .
It had a chemical smell when I opened the package. And it's really way too big. I looked warm but sadly it's going back.
It's a cute cup a bit disappointed it spills. Many review or answers said it didn't spill but it does out of the spout. It's cute, it works but spills and hate that.
There is a discrepancy in the eye with a paint. Not sure if I return it if the replacement would be any better. The lamp shade is very nice. Also I thought it was though my Amazon prime but got the bill and shipping was billed to me (do to the market place )
Hard to form the clay into the shape of the picture frame, but the stamp letters are better than other similar products without it.
easy to install but makes it bang into the window if you let go when unbuckling. Also, it's not strong enough to keep the belt from twisting so you have to take apart and re-do every couple days which is annoying but nice to not have red rash from seat belt on neck.
The metallic decals did not stick to my grand daughters wall. They fell off within a few hours. The pink decals seem to be holding up nicely though.
Peels off wall easily and falls. Odor. And one is fading already.
Really small and not to soft
Did not fit real good, not quite what I expected.
Kinda cheaper looking but of good quality
The fabric soaks the color from food, such as cheery and beets, had to return it.
Work well, but should have been included with the bottles in the first place! All of a sudden, you need new nipples and have to buy these things.
Everything looks good and well made. However, for baby boy, the front guard is low and maybe dangerous. Tried to train a 8 months boy but the front guard didn't work as how it designed to work. Too low and almost cut the little one. Be careful if your little boy move a lot and when you pull him up.
The mixer does it job to mix the formula, but I had some trouble after using this for a while. 1. Both wands I received are bended, they are still usable but could cause the whole mixer shacking really bad if you don't hold it very tie (but if you hold the mixer too tie, the wand will go crazy). 2. the blending power will get slow starting at 5oz of formula 3. The wand sometimes falls off during stirring
We have had the labels for less than two months and they are already peeling off the baby bottles and the writing is fading.
Good looking plate however suction doesn't work anywhere was very disappointed
Not my kids favorite. Seemed to only like it with watermelon
Not that absorbent wish it was but looks good just for show. I dont recommend to dry it it leaves which fuzzies
My daughter is 6 month old. We are trying to introduce solid foods to her for a while. However, she did not like any solid foods and she turns her head away when we gave her anything from a baby spoon. So we came to this product and we were hoping this can help a bit. The feeder itself looks well made and is very soft. Softer than a pacifier. BUT, she cannot suck on it b/c it was too big for her tiny mouth.
My order is blue, but it came in orange. Regardless, I will keep the product with no problem. It is worth emphasizing this point so that the other clients do not receive different from the one acquired.
I was disappointed that it arrived with no instructions and then after downloading the pdf instructions we had to actually put it together backwards because those directions were wrong as well.
Too small my son just use it like for 2 week before left it!
I got these for a friend's shower. I thought I was buying Aden & Anais brand - I should have paid better attention, I didn't realize Amazon had paid advertising slots for similar items until this purchase. My friend liked them, they were cute prints I just feel a little deceived
This bag is bigger than i thought, will be great as a travel bag but not an everyday bag. The large zipper is very hard to use and gets stuck every time due to how far back the zip is recessed. Would need to be careful if attaching to a pram due to weight when full.
OK, a little cheap but I'm working with it for now.
I really love this bag and all the pockets and how large it is inside. My bag stays organized! The only reason I am giving it 3 stars is because the inside side pocket had a hole right through it which sucks bc I love that side pocket. I roll up my babies blankets and put it there just annoying how it always ends up at the bottom bc of hole. Other than that it's truly an amazing diaper bag with many compartments and great size!!!
It is now winter so I have not used these yet. But my friends raves about them. Just because water proof disposable diaper can be hard to find in the time that you need them. These are one size fits all. It has multiple snaps that you can adjust to fit your baby as your baby grows. So I like that. But again I haven't tried them out yet to see how they work 🤷🏽‍♀️
Some of these come off of the cabinets. Not the best option for child proofing.
It is as the picture shows except has basically permanent square wrinkles from how it was folded for shipping. The flower wreath to go around the number on the sheet is cute but not of great quality. The pink headband is cute. I would give it 4 stars if the sheet wasn't so wrinkled and 5 if the wreath was better quality.
This product was not for me. The tape is a little hard to work with but with some time and patience you can get it on.
I like the top that spins so easily I do not like that the bottom doesn't spin without grabbing it and turning it with some effort when it says the bottom would spin but doesn't like the top
It does it's job. Wish It was a little cuter, but it was cheap
It is beautiful, and exactly what I wanted, but when I first washed it in cold water, the navy bled terribly. I tried to rinse as much navy out, then treat it, but it just turned the entire white section light blue. If you are like me, read the reviews and still want to give it a shot, I'd suggest buying it and soaking it on purpose. The piping stayed white.
It was difficult to get my son in and out of. The latches used to secure the tray are difficult to use and hurt my fingers sometimes.
Works fine as a pacifier but ours don't glow all night long. The only way I see it glowing like it is in the photo is if you put it near a black light for a few hours or leave it out on a sunny day. Otherwise it is very faint. We got this more for the glowing aspect but I got rid of my black lights in the 90's. Also the sun doesn't shine on our house because of the swarm of giant eagles flying around looking for Gandalf.
Unfortunately I wanted this to work more than it does. My husband and I get different readings.
This is very soft an comfy for the child, but doesn't protect as much as I'd like. If he has an accident, the pee still end up underneath this protector. If anything it's just another layer of absorption. We have a Graco Slim Fit car seat.
I LOVE this product. It was easy to put together and so cute. But when I got it out of the box, it was ripped.
My 1yr old was able to pull this off without any issues. Before I knew it there was food everywhere on the floor.
Good, but too short. Only for small bottles.
This material is not as soft as the other sleep sacks that you can choose from out of this same product selection. My child can also get out of this one where as he can't get out of the the stars one. Not sure if the material makes a difference in that as well.
Make sure that you note that the extensions are NOT included. They are an extra $15.
The only thing I don't like is that when I pump into the bag it doesn't give an actual amount of how much ounces I pumped. The bag will say 5 ounces but when I transfer it into a bottle it will only be 2.5 ounces which is weird. Overall the bags are easy to use and perfect for storing breast milk.
It makes pretty designs on the ceiling and walls, but my eyes are closed most of the time.
I got these because I received a similar style bib but from a different brand in my amazon registry welcome box. The other bib is all cotton on the way through and feels soft and obsorbs well. This is cotton on one side by the patterns make he material hard and the inside does not feel smooth. The outside material is not very absorbent but the designs are all very cute and I get tons of compliments on the way the bibs look.
Received Feb 2018 - Excellent bag, very sturdy however, the description states 3 insulated compartments inside.... none of the compartments are insulated. That is one of the main reasons I purchased this bag. Very disappointed! Update May 2018.... approximately one month after purchasing this bag one of the clasps that attach it to a stroller broke. Instead of just returning it I contacted the seller to ask how to replace it since I really do love it. However, they never responded to my emails. I am more than disappointed!! This bag states “Lifetime guarantee”!!!! It's a shame that such a good product has to get an awful review due to bad customer support.
Tried this out tonight for the first time and maybe I'm doing something wrong, but my baby was able to pull this up no problem! I tried it first without wetting underneath. When that didn't hold for him I put some water under it. He was still able to pull it off easily. It does suction on and I can pull on it and it won't come off, so I don't know what the problem is.
I love the idea of this. However washing my baby hair water still ran down and into her ears need more buttons to make it tighter around the ears my baby is 2 years old. Other then that it's okay
Love this swaddle. Easy to get them wrapped right without the baby breaking free. My only complaint is that for a longer baby these won't last very long. I purchased a small/med which fit fine then once i washed it according to the instructions it shrunk and no longer fit so i had to buy the large. After washing it fits fine but we probably won't get much use because my 3 month old will be too big length wise for it soon
I bought these to see how they compared to the Take and Toss cups. I am not a big fan of these. The lids don't fit all of the cups the same. The spout holes on some seem larger and it has led to lots of leaks. The designs are kind of cute. If it matters to you, there are some that are more gender specific than others (princesses, pink unicorns, dinosaurs) and you can't pick. I would not buy these again. I would definitely order the Take and Toss brand instead.
So these are great cheap bags! The reason I give a three star is because the “waterproof” liner is already cracking and falling apart. The zipper also has NOT failed, but it doesn't seem to be very good quality. We did not follow the recommended washing guidelines as we threw it in with our cloth diapers, but still would much rather have the pul which we have for our other sacks that don't seem to degrade like these have. These are also a little crunchy and just a bit small for my taste. I did love the outer mesh pocket on these which I could stuff a quick outfit, pad, and wipes in for less things to carry for a quick trip to bathroom.
Very cute, but it goes a little too slow in the water and can't move through bubbles.
Is not spill proof by any means but is a start to learning for my baby
Overpriced, too small in length, bulky.
I absolutely love this high chair. The print is adorable and it is so lightweight it's perfect for a small house. My only complaint was the cover was not removable so when my son's diaper leaked on the non wipeable part of the fabric I had to cut and sew the cover to ensure that it was removable. Safety belts still come through and my son is still secure and I don't have to worry about gross stains where he eats. I'm not sure who thought non removable was a good idea for a high chair.
Loved these blocks until....my son turned 5 months! It's then that I realized there is no number 5, 0, or 8.
Small but does the job on a newborn.
My daughter loves her slightly stuffed pillow, although I wish it was a little less stuffed for her. She uses it every night and has no issues moving it around as needed. It fits her head well although she sinks slightly into it, and I've noticed after a decent amount of use some of the stuffing is clumping together. I did reach out to the company in regards to the stuffing but did not get a response. Regardless it's a cute little pillow and works for her so we are keeping it.
The changing pad liners felt very soft. However, I was disappointed in how thin they were, as if they would not withstand a lot of machine washing and drying. I returned them.
Pops of easily if pulled from under the unit. A bit flimsy.
Bought as a gift, but was returned because readings varied from use to use within minutes.
Very thin. Will not protect from bumping chin with baby bouncing.
I think it's rather expensive for a few pegs. After useing it on the stroller, I feel that it doesn't secure the cover/wrap/canopy enough.
Overall I love this mattress protector for its clean materials however after washing according to care instructions it shrunk noticeably. I have to really pull and stretch it in order for it to fit on the mattress Even so, the protective part does not cover the entire mattress.
Purchased gate so my mother didn't have to step over the Super Yard. I guess it works, its just finicky to get it to all align and close properly since the plastic gate structure isn't rigid enough.
These are soft, a little too soft for my liking. They seem almost "slippery", and as a result, take longer to dry out than cotton. If you want silky, soft feel, however, these are for you.
I bought my daughter the entire unicorn set from Skip Hop for daycare and this piece is the worst of them all. I have gone through 3 in the past 4-5 months, the white closure snaps are CONSTANTLY breaking off. I hope they improve their quality because it's such a cute set.
The product it's self is fine, but not great. The material is nice enough. The double directional zipper is a good feature. But baby had a little poo escape his diaper, and this thing stained like none other. The ultimate flaw of this product is that baby hated it. It was small even for an average sized newborn, and his arms never could settle in comfortably in the wings. This swaddle was a miss for us.
Very thin, does not mask odors well.
I just want to know what this is for?
Didn't always work and close when hitting the floor. Baby did like the pacifier overall
The material is so hard it makes me and my baby extremely sweaty. It is not possible to fold as it is very hard so i cannot carry it with me unless I am leaving the house with the baby in it!! I wanted to buy the one with mesh and was trying to chose the colour. I dont know how come I got this!!
My little one hates it. And it is not one size fits all. Just doesn't work for us.
Even though there's a power button on the remote, we need to press the button on the light itself to turn on each night. Once on, the power button on the remote works briefly. Not sure if we have a defective unit or if is just poor design. The button on the light itself is not an on/off - you just press once to turn on and press again to turn off. Really would prefer that this turns on with the remote.
This was not the official Nose Frida that I thought I was ordering. Although it wasn't, it did work the same way. Clean-up was easy and it was easy to use.
This product sucks and I mean no pun intended. It doesn't have enough suction even with fresh name brand batteries in it. I tried to suck water out of a small bowl and it barely did that
I returned the first one because it was received with holes in it. Now the replacement has developed small holes at the bottom and shoulder within 2 months of use. This is very disappointing for something that isn't cheap. Aside from the hole issue, the sleep blanket is adorable and a great concept. I just wish is was more durable. It seems to not be able to withstand wear at all.
My five month old isn't interested in it. She doesn't like it on her hand.
These are good bibs when it comes to absorbency. The color does not fad after multiple washes. BUT it comes up very high, up to my baby's mouth, I'm constantly pulling it down off of his face.
Crinkly fun but doesn't stay on the hand of my 8 month old
Inside pockets are not super quality
Inside isn't as pictured and is the same color as the outside and not nearly as soft. Kinda large
The stroller is fine but I found out it gets hot and my baby sweats a lot fast
We took this hiking and it is difficult to get it situated to where it is comfortable.
Well I bought this a few months ago and my grandson is 8 months old and loves it but...... it's clearly not sturdy enough even for an 8 month old. He likes to do his morning exercises by jumping on it and he has broken one of the pegs - so it's kinda useless except I was able to Gerry-rig something together to maintain it in the same level - pegs just are not strong enough for any weight
I bought this back in March of this year (2019). While I did love everything about it, I became alarmed at a foul taste coming off of the plate that even changed how my toddlers food tasted. I wash everything by hand and I make sure to rinse it well, however the plate seems to have retained a taste Of some sort of chemical or soapy taste for some reason. Even after thoroughly washing it and rinsing it off. I've tried rinsing with cold water and even scorching hot water and the taste does not go away. It literally changes the taste of any food I put on it for my daughter. It tastes so awful that she refuses to eat unless I use a different plate. Not sure if it's defective or only lasts a few months before needing a new one. I'm really disappointed that I'll have to go out an get a replacement one smh.
These bags are not very accurate (or I just haven't figured out how to open them all the way but....that's pretty intuitive, no?). I pump into medela bottles and on my last pump I got 8 oz but when I poured it into the bag it was well above the 8 line. I usually use lansinoh bags but bought these because they are the only bags I found that hold more than 6 oz and I was tired of using two bags for one pump nearly every time. I just need to remember to measure before I pour
Because they are made to open up to clean they obviously leak water out the seams when your squirting with them. Good concept, and they work fine for some play.
They are super cute. Can be hard to fill and they leak in our bag. They are durable though, my son bites the tops and haven't had an issue.
I like how sturdy this seat is however; despite their advertising of 5lbs rear facing, this seat 100% is not safe for newborns. There is no adjustable recline for this seat, and unless you purchase the angle adjuster separately, your front seats will have to be all the way forward. I am only 5ft 2in and could not have my seat a comfortable and safe distance from the steering wheel. I was able to fit 3 across in my 2013 Ford Explorer, but again it's the length that's the issue. Would only recommend as a last resort.
A lot smaller than it looks. Comfortable for my daughter but you really need two for a toddler bed. I would suggest using a regular sized pillow.
It looks nice, but it was not sturdy enough to hold my Labrador puppy. He constantly knocks it down.
Does not stick to table so it defeats the whole purpose of its use.
Good for few initial months. Once the baby grows teeth, you don't want them to bite off your finger!
My 18 month old daughter loves using this toothbrush but with regular use (morning and night) the bristles wear down so quickly that I've had to buy several toothbrushes over just a few months. Moving on to another brand with hopes of finding something better.
Internal fan isn't very strong, so the suit struggled to stay inflated, even with the waist tightly synched. Not fantastic quality, but I knew to expect that. Serves its purpose for one evening of trick or treating, though.
Looks nice difficult to apply due to how it comes.
Not as sturdy as I'd like. It could be bitten into/chewed up if you have a hard biter.
Bought this stroller for the convenience of being able to switch from outward facing to parent facing without disturbing my son. That feature is a dream however the stroller could use some work, it is one hand fold but opening it can be a bit to get used to due to the handle and seat needing to be opened separately, definitely not one handed unfolding. The wheels take some getting used to as well but when remembered are easy to use. Another issue is for the price this really should come with child and parent accessories/trays. It only comes with one flimsy cup holder for the parent that won't really hold most cups I've tried, and definitely don't try flipping the handle with your drink still in the holder, the cup holder appears to be designed to swivel easily when the handle is switched but it does not and your drink will spill all over. Overall nice for the reversible handle feature but I expected better from ergobaby and for the price point of this stroller.
My son loves this particular cup. It is not leakproof; as sometimes the star leaks or the top of assembling in a hurry
In the beginning we really liked it, but after 5 months it started to leak from the bottom and now leaks from the top part too...very handy cup, but when leaks it defeats the purpose...
Half of the bottles were warped/ bent in. Kinda disappointing.
Was very disappointed a couple was broke when I recieved them.
This is a pretty good product but most of the baby foods have a top on it similar to this, I find them unneeded.
i'm ok with this item but it missing the change pad & stroller strap not look like item detail on picture
Great shape but super Hard to clean too many pieces for an overtired mom to deal with
Thick and warm, but not fitted. Lots of extra material.
For whatever reason this brand of bottles and sippy cups end up with holes in the tip over time. And then they dont just leak. But pour out. Everywhere. The hole isn't just a hole. It's made up of tiny triangle flaps that all come together. Which works great in the beginning of use. But over time those triangle flaps break off leaving an opening, thus ruining the leak proofing. My daughter does not chew on them and I'm not rough when washing them. But I've been replacing nipples since we got these bottles and cups for my first daughter who is 4.5 now.
Put this over the faucet without realizing the pull up shower control would prevent it from coming off. Will need to cut it off. If you don't have a pull up stick on your faucet this will work great. My grandchildren love it.
Not really great for a plus size mom
Works for a little, breaks easily
First time getting an ABDL bottle like this. I was disappointed when first trying it out. It's made well but the flow rate is just way too slow. I can barely getting anything to come out of the silicone nip. The pacifier, on the other hand, is great. Fits in the mouth well and it works. Guard could be bigger, but that's not too big an issue. Pacifier is great but the bottle is just not good. If your looking for something with a faster flow rate, I would recommended finding another bottle.
Cute cups and perfect size for toddlers and preschoolers. Disappointed they were not at all insulated. Lots of condensation after a few minutes.
I love wubbanubs but was disappointed in the color I was expecting more of a deep cranberry and it came bright pink.
Doesnt really stay in place for my kiddo to lay on it and actually sleep.
I use it, but it doesn't stay put. Can't get the suctions to suction good. Which is More annoying that I could have imagined.
Not user friendly. Hard to open and hard for company to operate not knowing how it opens. Shouldn't be advertised for outdoor use. When weather gets chilly, the lever to open/close freezes and you cleave to jump over it.
My baby, although small, has chunky thighs and these do not work well for her. They leave red marks on her thighs and don't fit right, even after adjusting the rise. As a result they leak and blowouts are a problem. Also the inserts aren't quite wide enough to be effective.
Does not stick to anything except my kitchen counters, which is not where I feed the baby, only where I prepare the food, then I can't get it over to her tray or the table without making a mess.
Great monitor, but it keeps breaking. We have bought three different sets, but now it's time to try something else. Each set would break so easily, and we would buy another thinking it was a fluke. It always seems to be the antenna stops working and the video/audio keeps dropping. By the third time, we realized this monitor just isn't durable.
The step toilet seat is good, but depending on the type of bowl you have, the step interferes with front part of the bowl. Also very hard for a child to turn themselves around, as there is not much room to maneuver.
This step stool is pricey- in the world of step stools. And i found the quality less than par. The rubber trim on bottom seemed worn and was already coming off bottom of stool in certain areas.
Does not fit perfectly and for that reason the bottle leaks from above and below this attachment
The pillow is great between the legs but where my head rests is too hard and my ear and jaw start to ache if I sleep on one side too long.
Quality is okay, but the botton is very tight. Sometimes it is difficult to take it off from my baby.
Baby loves slapping it on things and chewing on it but I wish the vibrating was just a sliver stronger, very durable though
The quality seemed very poor so I returned them but got a refund right away so good customer service
This arrived with little particles all over it and a red dye smudge on the tray. I had to return it for a new one. It is less sturdy than I expected. It is a great idea and has lots of compartments.
The once at my baby level he was able to remove with his teeth. And pieces are too small
An anchor would be nice or some kind of staking mechanism. This thing just blows around the beach and you end up chasing you kid one way and the chair another. The clip on the back for the umbrella also wore out in like 2 months of every other weekend use. My daughter thought it was super cool but I mostly left the umbrella down since it was always falling or serving as a sail
These are 8 mm but too long for my gate
I love how convenient & compact the blanket is! Unfortunately, the quality is not the best. We haven't used the item yet, but the thread is starting to come undone already.
It is still difficult to use when buckles are low and close to the child's legs.
Got this as a birthday gift for my 1 year old. I found it to be really rough. For the price, I'd expected it to at the very least be sanded smooth.
Looks like good but leak water from the small hole. Never use it.
Same style and set up as my last one and I love the pocket options and decent storage for more than 1 baby. The original I bought from a different company is now twice the price as it was when I bought my 1st one so tried this company since is was the same style. This one seems like material may be cheaper and not as durable. One of my zippers have already broke! And things seem to fit a little more snug in this one
Baby doesn't mind it but seems to have little to no effect on his comfort level.
Fit my 18 month old son good. However, it is not red. It's a faded red which makes it look more pink. Will still use but it said red so I expected red.
Beautiful teether necklace but it had hairs on it. For some reason amazon didnt allow me to upload the picture??? But yeah it had hairs on it so i had to return it.
Plan to use the chalk that it came with!! I purchased separate chalkboard markers that should erase/clean off - they are not coming off. My board was one-time use now, unfortunately.
It's ok, but nothing spectacular. The base is solid, and the swivel and adjustable height are nice features. It does seem to tilt slightly, which is to be expected given the support is not centered. It helps to place the baby with his/her head on the elevated side, over the support pole. The electronic accessory pad is essentially useless. The lights are blocked by the mesh, and if you use the infant insert, only a scant amount of light gets through. Also, if you use the electronics at all, be prepared to go through A LOT of batteries. The vibration feature is the most egregious offender. After two sets of batteries, which lasted maybe 10 hours total, I gave up. For the price, I would expect a better product that at least has a rechargeable battery or AC plugin. The buttons for the front rail drop-down are hard to access, and the feature overall is not very useful. This bassinet is an ok product, but arguably overpriced for what you get. Other, less expensive bassinets are likely a much better value, especially given the design flaws present.
The key no longer flips open and it doesn't click closed. That's the part that broke fairly quickly. Other than that, it's still holding up.
Harder than I thought to get all te formula out.
Super thin and small
Very nice ensemble yet received the wrong print.
The product itself was great! The color however was not champagne. It was more like a yucky greenish orange/yellow color. Not sure how to describe it but the color was not right. I'm able to change the color with photoshop so it's workable.
Didnt like the cloth part if it got wet.
Good car seat but for some reason the straps hurt my sons neck so we had to buy different strap protectors and that seemed to work. I'm surprised that we had to because we also have the grace all in one and that one never bothered him. The only other downside is that I don't like that there isn't a seatbelt lock off like most other car seats so I can't get the snugness that I like when using the seatbelt. Very disappointed because our third row doesn't have the anchor system. Wish I could return but it's too late.
Looks cute, but i feel it's not thick enough to stay. It keeps crunching down on the side of the crib. It is super soft
Not what I expected but still a great product
Not as bright as expected
I gave this three stars because it literally took six months to come in. Other than the outrageous wait time, they're good!!
I didn't love this. Is was much bigger than I thought it would be. Returned it.
I think the best and most useful piece is the fingernail clipper scissors. The other pieces feel cheap.
Quality of material good, does as it says but gave 3 stars because it just doesn't look great in the pacifier.
We already have one Britax Boulevard and love it. It's a great seat. When we went to purchase a second one I saw this new “cool flow” fabric which in theory is a great idea. My kiddo gets warm in his current seat so I thought I would give it a try. But it's basically a big mesh pattern with two layers and you can only hand wash it... my first thought was what will happen when he inevitably spills on this? Everything will get caught between the two layers of fabric... it will be a nightmare to clean. It's going back in exchange for the same seat but different fabric.
amongst three the car key are most practical,the remote control looks fine but I wish there was a way to turn off the sound,its annoying.I am very disappointed with the phone,its just a sticker that makes sounds.Wish the screen was somehow interactive.It does not attract my boy,he still wants to grab my real phone :)
Great company, but the nipples kept wasting my milk, I breastfeed, don't have time to waste my milk...ill keep them for later on.
Nice except it is SO NOISY! Every jump has a screeching noise. Not sure if it's the spring or what.
I love this brand. I thought this blanket was cute and I loved that it was the silky soft swaddle kind, but when I opened it it was clearly not the silky soft kind. The silky soft kind has Bamboo which makes it super soft. I checked the attached tag and sure enough it was not labeled as the silky soft swaddle, just a regular Muslim swaddle. I had purchased a set of Silky soft swaddles with the same order and could clearly feel a difference. Still a cute blanket, just not the soft kind I ordered.
I like the rug it matches my bathroom décor but it is to small
It was pretty good, until the padding began to turn brown.
My little man just hangs in it. It's not very bouncy. He loves his floor jumper but this doesn't do anything for him.
These are a bit different from the other The First Years pacifiers. The first years Gumdrop 0-6 are the ONLY pacifiers my baby will take. Specifically the blue and green ones. We wanted to order these because we wanted new colors and were tired of the same blue and green even though they are her favorite. Well we ordered these thinking they would be the same product just a different color. Well the nipple part is much smaller than the other pacifier and just feels overall smaller. She notices the difference if I try to give her these instead of the originals even if she is half asleep! Still a good product maybe my girl is just too in tune lol but makes a great back up option just to have!
Beware the bib actually stain clothing after the 1st spit up.
I was so excited to see this hung in my granddaughter's new bedroom. Unfortunately, it's so complicated to hang that after spending some time fighting it, my husband gave up, and frankly, I haven't been able to have him make yet another attempt.
I don't have any idea how well this product will be. This gift is for a shower that has not happened yet. I cannot give a valid review at this time. I cannot give a valid star rating either.
The frame itself is really cute and will look great in baby's room. I was a little disappointed to find that the opening is a 4x6 though, which is too large for our ultrasound picture. I guess I was under the impression from the description that the opening was smaller. I had to put a backer in the frame to make it work.
Does that job. But if heated too long (literally 1 min) the plastic will melt to itself
We purchased three of the Costco Finale 2n1 mainly because of their claim to fit 3 in the back row. We own a Honda Odyssey, a common family vehicle, and there was no way three could fit together. We like the seat, and the kids love them, but we were highly disappointed that it did not solve the main issue we were hoping to resolve.
Fleece backing was sold as a plus for absorbency, however, it makes them very hot in the summer and after being washed they flip upwards towards the baby's face which makes them annoying if not potentially hazardous. Skip these and buy some that are all cotton.
It came cracked a little. Still works great though
It's cute and small enough for a baby snack however it cannot keep the food fresh. Hope the lid is designed to be more air tight.
Would have higher star rating but getting straw back into top is very difficult I still haven't been able to after trying for over 24 hours. Before taking apart for cleaning I did try the straw out myself to make sure that it didnt take a lot of force to get a flow through it and it didnt.
My daughter is on the taller side with thin legs and it's still pretty tight on her even though we have it on the loosest setting. It's getting the job done for now but I was expecting some growing room.
Very good product to remove mucus and the material is great it doesn't hurt the baby nose.
Good spoons, but NOT infant spoons. These are not soft or chewy and the edges are actually a bit sharp.
Got this product and took it out of the package and the tip broke off instantly. I reordered new tubing and it's taking it longer to get here than the original did. Meanwhile I'm left here super engorged and even more frustrated. Really wish it was built better, OR product would ship faster for the replacement.
This child seat is of average quality. The mounting is not secure. The bottom plastic is easy to scratch the leather chair.
The camera looks like is zoomed in.
Great in theory but so difficult to open!
Doesn't fit snuggly on our toilet bowl, son doesn't seen to feel secure while sitting.
Bought these as kitten toys, they liked them a little. Better for babies, I guess (lol)!
These are really thin, not as expected.
They're not the greatest quality – very see-through. And way smaller than I had anticipated .
Works nice but cheaply made
I love my new diaper bag.. the only thing is that it was missing the matching changing pad! 😔
The detail is great its actually hard to tell it's not real wood! The texture is also favorable. I do wish the cord part was longer its fairly short compared to other sensory necklaces I've bought. Less than 2 weeks into having this it is starting to tear apart. It has been chewed on alot though. I only mention this because I think maybe for some kids on the spectrum and for young children it poses a choking hazard should it come apart in the mouth while being chewed on. Its listed as a teether as well so I thought that was worth mentioning. For what its worth I did not try to get a replacement. I don't want to seem like I'm bashing the seller.
I've really liked this monitor for the last year and a half I've been using it. But the parent unit recently stopped charging. Now it no longer works unless it's plugged in. So now I have to lug the cord around and won't be able to use it outside this summer during naps. I was hoping it would last a little longer than this since my baby will continue to nap for another couple of years, I hope!
Don't waste your money. The temperatures vary to much and don't seem to be accurate. Also doesn't function probably, instructions say to hold thermometer in place until it beeps but it never beeps regardless of how long you hold it
Looks nice, but corners started peeling after only 1 month of being on.
Does not stick the best to the tub. One we bought at Walmart works so much better and was cheaper.
For the space I used this for was not wide enough. Normal doorway. I had to roll the one side to make it a tight fit and it still kept coming lose so No tightness for this area I needed it for. There is nothing to hold it together. This is Definately for wider spaces. This would of been good for me if I didn't have to roll it to make it fit. Only use for wider spaces that will totally fit this correctly across. Unless I'm missing something on how to keep it from unrolling in a small area.
They have no rigidity and I don't see how they are very useful.
didn't work for me I guess I'll move onto the next thing.
This thing is SO loud. Every little movement my daughter makes it's very noisy. The spring on the inside sounds like its horribly rusted and very old. Giving 3 stars though because obviously my daughter doesnt seem to might the noise and she still bounces and has fun in it.
Did come with plate, but box was opened and seat showed some dirt. I do not know if this was used or just bad packaging.
Good not great- excellent for me to manuever at 5'2. Low for everyone taller than me. My daughter is 36 inches and it's almost too small. Cup holder has no purpose.?
Started out loving this, 8 months later and the Velcro is wore out and doesn't stay shut. Maybe a snap or a loop and hook would work better. Already looking for another brand to try out!
Like: price, not WiFi, easy to use Dislike: sound is not very loud doesn't pick up many noises until they are pretty loud
Seller should clearly state there is only one lid cover (spout). Extremely disappointed that there is only one spout cover and these are too cheap to spend the time returning. Hopefully anyone else looking for spout covers will save time with my review. I just got these so I will update on the usability piece later.
I put this by my son's bed and even on the lowest volume setting it is still pretty loud. It's great that it has so many different sounds and colors, but the volume needs a little work. We just put tape over half the speaker if we want to "turn it down" a bit, but I would rethink this if you were planning on putting it in a babies room.
The material makes it easy for anything (dust, sweat, fabric) to stick on it.
While the items themselves were plenty sturdy enough to survive my 2 yo son the imagery on the plate,bowl, and even the utensils all started to come off. The utensils have held up far better than the plate and bowl, which seem to continually scrape away. Very disappointing
The item was not pink like listed.
Okay. A little on the soft side so they sometimes collapse while my baby is sucking.
Very cute and nice concept. Unfortunately my daughter didn't like the nipple and refused to use this paci so didn't get much use out of it. It's also a bit bulky on baby's face.
Cute swing. When we put together legs do not sit even.
We use this for my son when he sleeps. HOWEVER, whenever we set it to run all night long, it turns off about an hour later. I made sure we didn't set the timer. We even tried putting in new batteries and it still shuts out. It still shuts off. We exchanged it for a new one but it still did the same thing. I wish I could return it and get our money back since we need one to run all night.
I got the wrong size
We have several of these hooded towels. One of the seams on the bunny's ears ripped open during the first wash.
Too bulky for using it as actual backpack. It gets heavy and this whole setup is good to keep equipment safe and sound when transitioning it but it's too bulky to actually wearing this backpack for hours of walk.
I ordered white, they are actually more of a tan color than white.
Bought as a second stroller to back up our main stroller for when we want to go for walks and both kids need to ride. Stroller is light and sturdy, plenty of bells and whistles. However, the build quality is definitely lacking. Had to tighten bolts when I received it. Also, the back wheel outside rim was warped and the inner tube will not stay in the tire. I've contacted customer service for a replacement wheel and they are the most difficult customer service people that I've ever dealt with. We've been going back and forth with emails for weeks now and I'm assuming their end-game is to take a really long time drawing this out before they'll tell me it's not covered. By that time I'll be out of my refund window. I will update this review once the wheel issue is dealt with.
Have not used this item yet
My item tore the first day I assembled it. I would like a replacement
The playpen is a good size. It is lightweight. Easy to fold and store. Needs velcro all the way around the door opening. My granddaughter was able to get out and the dog figured out how to get in. The design of the playpen needs loops for stakes to hold it down.
Good thermos but not leak proof. My daughter turned it upside down and shook out the milk from the thermos.
I love my Ergobaby 360 carrier and when I used this whole infant insert as a set it was wonderful. I don't think the mesh makes it any more cooler or breathable than a regular one though. My real issue came when baby outgrew the insert that straps in the carrier but still needed the boost of the pillow on the bottom. There is no way to secure it and you just set it underneath baby's bum when you put them in. Unloading baby caused it to fall out on the ground and I didn't realize it until the next time I went to use it. I'm pretty sure it was lost forever in the parking lot of my local Kroger. I've since realized that a small, rolled up towel does the trick as a prop under baby's bum. Plus I won't be too sad if I ever lose that. I've got baby number 2 on the way and still have the insert to use but no pillow for the bottom of said insert. For how expensive it was, I feel it should be a way to secure it when only using the pillow.
Its a great price! But colors do vary.. so be prepared for your little boy to have a princess pacifier!
I have a spectra 1 pump and it fits in the bag but won't zip. I'm fine with this as I will only be using it to take my pump to my parents when I visit and possibly to work if I'm still pumping after 12 weeks. It will work for what I need it to but it is small.
Decent. Not as vivid as I would like.
Got these since our little one only liked his one from the nicu. But for some reason he ain't having it with these new ones. Hopefully he'll get some use out of them when he starts teething since they're so firm.
Its ok but they are not very bright
I love that the cushion part extends through out the whole clip. What I don't like is that I have only used it once, and there's already a part of it that looks like it's been cut. Now, this means the product won't last that long. All I put on the clip was a backpack... prettt dissapointed.
It's OK if you have a flat back seat, but the booster tends to shift around a lot. Thumbs up for the small size.
I did not like this product
Cheap, but exactly what kids like!
So I'm giving this 3 stars not because I don't like the chair but because it hasn't been a completely smooth experience. My baby is 3 almost 4 months and has the thickest little thighs. He loves the crinkle paw and being able to sit up and look around. HOWEVER, getting him out is a FULL problem. His thighs get stuck in the little holes for the legs because there's no elastic or anything so me and my mom BOTH have to teamwork him out of there. So honestly, idk how to feel about this one.
Our second child was picky and wasn't a fan of this one. Seemed to be of good quality.
Did like that the cards were printed on heavy paper, nice design and fit nicely in envelopes. The color was a disappointment. Ordered navy blue, cover on box they arrived in looked navy blue but when I pulled a thank you out of the box it looked purple. These are my sons graduation thank you cards. One of his school colors is navy blue. I sent the box back got another set of cards and again they look purple.
The only thing I didnt like was that the pointy part of the velcro is too thick and I'm constantly afraid it might poke my baby. I just make sure to bring it down on her and don't leave it on her unattended. Other than that it's good. I use it to clean her up all the time. They're like little towels.
They are good, easy to use, and can protect from the sun. The reason why I give 3 stars is that the size is not fit for my car.
Not impressed with this seat. One thing I don't see mentioned much is, it's very hard to tighten the straps! It also squeaks when the child is not in the seat and that's very annoying. Otherwise quality is nice, but I'm ready to throw it out the window when I have to pull so hard to tighten the straps. If my son has anything more than a T-shirt on its nearly impossible.
Several marks and cracks but we noticed it after putting it together so we are just going to keep it. Maybe a little better packaging would help.
The prints are cute and the price is good - but after about a year, I had to start putting my baby in different diapers at night. They work just fine during the day as long as you change often but they tended to leak at night.
As many others have pointed out, tightening the strap is unnecessarily difficult. Securing the base, however, was easy.
Didn't know I was purchasing an either previously owned or scratch and dented model of this crib. The package it arrived in was torn up. Scratch and dented product should not be sold at full price.
Pros: -Love the suction at the bottom to keep it from falling if you have baby in one hand - Love the top so you can put it on when you are on the go Cons: -Suction on your boob isn't great, you will have to stick and restick - Not an actual pump; only will catch milk falling if you are nursing on one hand
They are cute but a lot shorter than I wanted.
this doesn't stay on the head very well.
These pacifiers are VERY large and my breastfed baby wouldn't take them. I was happy with that since they were so large and just looked odd when she was trying to use it
Wish the wheels were sturdier for St Augustine grass.
Pros: my son was less gassy Cons: leaked, a lot of parts to wash
I bought this product for the 3-in-1 capability but mine didn't come with the bonus snack insert. I contacted amazon and they sent me another one but same thing, no snack insert. Super disappointing considering the price. May return because of it.
Adhesive isn't the best, my 10m old can pull it off the table.
We received this product and the packaging was extremely sticky. We opened it and laid it down on the floor to find that it had orange liquid all over it. So that was pretty gross. We then had to clean it and clean our now sticky floor 😐. So I mean, I can't really tell you how the product is yet besides that it kept the sticky orange liquid that came with it on top of it mostly... besides the stuff that was already stuck to the bottom. BUT, it was easy peasy to clean. All in all, It's a nice piece of clear plastic. Woulda been cool with maybe a few weights on the edge to keep it down but that's ok. If I had to guess I would say it was orange kool-aid or maybe some flat orange pop. We decided against tasting it Incase it was poison.
Disappointed that some of the blocks came already scratched. Looks used. Wood isn't completely smooth either. I know my 3 yr old won't mind but people should know what to expect
These are only meant for the refrigerator, not the freezer, so they don't stay cold very long.
Good for keeping liquids off hardwoods, as long as nothing spills around the edge. This doesn't reach very far beyond where food would fall (when an infant pushes it off their tray), so most of the time we still ended up having food on the hardwood floors.
Bought this for my son's 1st birthday with the aviation theme. It's so cute. My package came and it was folded where the lens was. Unfortunately, it made a very noticeable white streak across the bendable plastic lens. I had to return it. I reordered another one and the next one had a light fold across the lens. It wasn't as noticeable this time though so I just kept it. It's so cute on him!
The design is not as good as previous one that had a circular design. With this one, the longer section gets in the way of holding the bottles as you pump. The bottles also do not fit snugly into these holders & so the holders often come off.
I liked the material quality but please(!!!!) know that these are ONE-SIDED cards. They don't fold! They're like better quality index cards. It's on me for not reading their description carefully but I was so disappointed because these would have been very lovely foldable Thank You cards. Definitely worth their pricing if this is what you're looking for.
So they are easy to clean and you can keep using them. However, they should have a line showing you where to stop so you can actually close it, otherwise you get a huge mess. Once you do get it closed you need great grip and arms to open.
There is a manufacturing defect for the chair
makes a lot of noise . don't know how a baby can sleep thru it .
This mat is too light. It's nearly impossible to keep it flat on the ground. It is always wrinkling up when the high chair gets moved or the baby crawls on it. This makes it look bad and have a smaller surface area to catch falling food. I am replacing this with one that is weighted.
I hated bandana bibs for my infant. But for a drooling toddler they're amazing! We have had a few different types for my boy as he goes through them a lot for drooling and lunches. They're a little thinner, but comfy and soft. The good/bad thing about these is there are 2 snap settings, but only one plastic snap. But my kid hasnt been able to rip these off yet! In fact, I, a grown adult, have trouble taking them off with in hand. It requires 2 and some serious pulling to unsnap them! So take that as you will! They're decent. Not the best, not the worst by far, but decent for the price.
Bought this to prevent dings on my new Pur bottle and guess what? Dinged on the first drop on tile from 4 feet up
Not great for beginners but is useful once baby is able to balance and control her steps
Got them really fast and they were wrapped very well. Only complaint I have is the boy ball didnt have a big power cloud as the girl one did. Like the boy had less powder then the other.
Great idea, but baby will not put teether in mouth, inly the cloth mitten
Sheet is very thin and is loose on mattress not tight like most crib sheets . Print is really cute though .
I really like the compact look and light weight of the stroller but it was too wobbly and didn't feel sturdy. I returned the stroller.
This nipple is for Dr. Brown's Options+ Wide-Neck the newest bottle not Option Wide Neck. i ordered this for my Option wide neck bottle, it doesn't work then i realized that was for Dr. Brown's Options+ Wide-Neck. Make sure you have the correct bottle before you make purchase.
This product did Not work for my morning sickness!
Perfect Sippy except that there are no lids! We put a plastic bag over the nipple when we go out but not sure if this will work for daycare.
Suction cup didn't work great, it got returned
I loved the idea of this but it didn't work out for my family. Having to keep the magnetic key somewhere safe and close by and teaching everyone including visitors exactly where to place it was just more of a hassle for us.
I like the bean bag stuffing that makes for easy drying. The seat should have more cushioning. The straps are too long. It should've been elastic so that this wouldn't be an issue. Still an ok product so I'll still use it. I just have to fix the straps.
Two of the pairs (yellow, flower shape) are very soft and comfortable. The rest are quite rough and very bulky to wear.
For my front door it's a little big but does the job. I cant use it on my bedroom door because the fit is weird. I got locked in my room because it was on so tight and the grips didnt reach the doorknob. Mainly I need to keep my son safe from going outside alone and that is covered. They do the job pending doorknob size.
I got this to keep my kitten out of the room I did not want her in. She climbed right through it on the left or right side. There was too big a gap there. It would work well for a medium-sized dog, I would think, but not a kitten.
The lid broke very easily.
I was hoping these would be a lot softer after washing.
I'd say customer service is 5 stars. Product quality is 3/5
Feels very cheaply made. Works though.
The jewellery is good but it didn't come with the natural book like it said it did....
I wasn't super impressed with this item. It worked okay for my son's newborn pictures, but I was hoping for better coverage.
It was NOT easy to assemble. If you got a part together wrong, you couldn't get it back apart. One of the little "snap" things went down the tube, and I could not get it.... had to use a bolt instead. When it swings, it is very loud. I am not too impressed for the cost of this swing that was supposed to put any baby to sleep. So far, my little girl does not like it. Hoping she will eventually.... way too hard to disassemble and return. :( The vibration does not work while plugged in... you have to have batteries for that.
My daughter really likes the design and colors on this product. It's easy to hole and drink from. However, it seems to get too much air inside of it- tons of air bubbles. I also don't like how water gets trapped between the bottle and the handles. If I had a you get child, I wouldn't use it at all because of all of the air it takes in.
Not sure the temp is ever correct but it gives immediate and painless results.
Not as durable as ones I've bought in the past!
The quantity marked on the bags in ml/oz in inaccurate and off by about an ounce. I will be ordering a different brand for my next order.
The shape doesn't hold. It's floppy even with blankets in it. i have the smaller size that I love and looks great. This ones just a little to big.
They work, but are not easy to open for me and the color attracts the little one. The cheaper ones are easy to open and close and you save money.
I am 2 weeks postpartum with very high milk production so I pump about every 2 hours and breast feed as well. I typically am a 42DDD. This bra does fit but I need assistance putting it on because of my large chest. It does work with my breast pump which is a spectra. It is pretty tight if you leave the straps crossed. I do like the adjustable straps and Velcro adjustable back. It is pretty comfortable while wearing it. I wouldn't recommend this bra for every day wear or use for large chested ladies. It will give you a for sure uniboob look. It does serve its purpose though and give me some mobility while pumping. Update I ordered a second one because I loved my first one so much and this way I don't have to wash the one every single day. Disappointed in the second one. I ordered the same exact size and the second one is MUCH smaller than the first. I can barely wear it. Sad, I love my first one. I guess it's a luck of the draw kind of thing.
Worked great, until it didn't. Lasted about a month until it started swinging slower and started stopping intermittently when on.
I've had it for about a month now and it doesn't suction like it used it smh wouldn't recommend spending all that money it was good while it lasted
This has been a great crib sheet so far as far as the moisture wicking goes. I gave it 3 stars because the threading is starting to loosen at the corners and I would think this could be a strangulation or tourniquet hazard for baby if we didn't inspect it carefully and remove the loose threading after each wash.
The seller shipped fast and there was no problems with the order. However, the item itself is just OKAY. The sound is not very loud, the day vision is good but the night vision DOES NOT WORK. I would not recommend this product, especially for the price.
The bottle eventually leaks comes out fast for a small infant or baby.
This seat is as advertised but the materials are cheap, the installation is difficult, and the headrest and straps are a pain to adjust. I spent an extra 20 bucks to get the Graco Contender 65 and it is amazing, especially compared to this. Spend a few more bucks to get the Contender. The quality is well worth the small price difference. I just didn't feel confident that my baby was safe in this seat.
Good for the price. Very light padding of course I am comparing to our 300$ carseats so it would have a lot less. It seems to be working well enough for our secondary car seats.
These are what I was looking for...except the zipper is a pain! We are constantly having to rewind and try again to get the zipper closed. Makes the convenient nature of the outfit not so convenient. These would be perfect if the zipper worked better. Great weight of the material, very soft and a great fit.
My 6 month old will just lie down in his crib and stare at it for a good 10 minutes at a time. Would get more stars but after a month the green and blue lights would turn off while red light is on. Still... as a stated not bad for price
Great material but difficult to maneuver with one hand. You need both hands to open and close bag. If wearing it, cant place on your side hip and grab what you want with one hand
I'm not someone to buy everything organic, but the crib mattress seemed like one item that warranted spending extra for the least toxic option. The waterproof outer layer was also an excellent feature. But ultimately, I am disappointed with the durability of this mattress. It was used for about two years by my first child, and the mattress is so compressed and sagged in the middle that I do not think I will be able to reuse it for my second baby. At this price point I was really hoping to be able to use this for both kids.
Worked like a charm! Cute prints and easy to use. Made middle of the night swaddling easier after diaper changes for mom and dad.
Wasn't compatible with my phone which is new. Otherwise it looks like it would be very handy.
Adequate. Seemed a little small for the opening of the toilet seat that it fits over which made it a little sloppy and it moves a little scaring the kid so they have all learned to sit still and that has been a good consequence of the seat
I expect that the quality is great and solid black color with simple pattern, but I am wrong, they are thin and soft dark grey, totally change the taste, not feel like neat anymore.
Bottles are ok. Do their job. The nipples are cheaply made though. Baby sucks and the nipple gets stuck inside the base.
Easy to use, stars are beautiful...entirely too loud on low setting
A bit smaller than the standard pad size, otherwise great. The muslin blanket is my favorite one from this pattern/manufacturer.
Very comfortable and non slick in tub. However it did start to turn yellow and fall apart after using for just 2 or 3 weeks. Great for the price though!
Works but as others have said the angle isn't quite optimal. Baby can drink half the bottle but I need to reach over and manually tilt the bottle for the rest. This is with him laying flat. If he's in a slight recline this won't work at all. Bonus : my child likes it for a little ramp toy.
We really like these bowls. They are easy to clean, seal well, and hold the perfect amount of food; however, on the second day of using them, we noticed a crack had formed inside the glass wall of one of the bowls. While you can't feel any edges, it still was concerning enough for us to choose to replace the bowls. Amazon is taking care of this as always, but it's still frustrating to have to return the entire set just for one bowl. It's worth mentioning that we did not drop the bowls or even take them from freezer to microwave as it says you can.
They work find. Overpriced in my opinion.
The Multi-Functional Maternity Nappy Bag is very neutral. The size and capacity are both smaller than expected. It is does not work for our daily needs, but will be useful for a couple hours away from home.
Not a lot of give to the material. It digs into skin around thighs and rides up. Was expecting more of an elastic/spandex make but okay for a few hour wear.
Not the softest muslin blankets but they are very large and great for swaddling.
It takes a good 10 minutes to heat a refrigerated 4oz plastic bottle of breastmilk. Not impressed. Other than that I like the different settings and the fact it has auto shut off. I was surprised many did not.
It's bit hard to put on the stroller especially if you're holding you baby/toddler and trying to put it on. Would have been better if the tray was included with the stroller. Didn't want to buy it but we did because we needed a tray for the stroller.
There were a lot of XS, more than any other size. But they held up for a yard sale my mother wanted them for. They were easy to put on and seemed just like the ones in stores.
The door is very heavy and much harder to open and close than other models. Does it work? Yes that's why it's a 3 star. But is it a pain trying to get the thing open without even having anything in your hands? 100% yes.
It is cute but not the best. First thing the Pack N Play is made a little flimsy it works well, doesn't break down or anyting but compared to another one that I have seen and used it is not as sturdy. Another comparison between this brand and another one is that the mat in the bottom is solid there is not the slightest bit of padding to it and my daughter can't stand to sleep in it and I am sure that she's not the only one. I had to add foam pads and make a mattress out of them so she can sleep comfortably at night. I do absolutely love the toy bar and the diaper bag on the side which can be removed and carried by itself. I also enjoy that the surface is simple to clean if anything should happen while changing the baby or if they happens to throw up. Bassinet part works great and is very secure. However the changing pad I never used because it is so flat I'm almost a hundred percent sure my child would just roll off of it I would never trust it and never did. It may work great but by looks I would never put my child on it because the risk seems too high. Overall this is a good product but there are definitely better.
These work fairly well- they're still pretty firm so if you bruise easily you're still likely to get a bruise from bumping into them, but at least not as bad a bruise as with a corner. They attach firmly, but will likely damage surfaces/finish to remove. They're hideously unsightly when attached, though. I wish they came in black and other furniture colors so they'd be less noticeable. The clear is super shiny and very obvious and eye catching. Not desirable. But, they do work.
Wish it came with cases. Always getting dirty!
My first order came with the box ripped open. I called amazon and they sent a new one out, I just had to take the first one back. The replacement never came and it was noted that upon delivery the box had been destroyed. I'm not sure why delivering this box was so difficult and I even suggested to Amazon Customer Service perhaps they should send through a different carrier. I ended up having to purchase at Babies R Us to ensure I got a box that wasn't destroyed.
Washed it once and the stitching from the side came loose
Not what I expected after reading the reviews.. disappointed with the quality of this. I've tried with 3 different chairs and I don't like how it sits on any of them. Don't feel 100% comfortable with my baby in this. Probably wouldn't recommend... however for the price, I guess you get what you pay for.
I say these are a great idea and definitely beneficial to collect those extra drops, until it leaks into the bra and shirt from the bottom. I didn't know what was happening until it was too late! The milk just started seeping through the seal of the bottom on the collector dispute it being closed correctly (I double checked). It was great while it worked and eye opening as to how much I personally leak but I can't change my bra/shirt every time I wear these. I might as well go back to wearing the breast pads.
Dispenser flap will not stay closed anymore as the little piece to hold it shut broke off within 2 months of purchase. Otherwise very handy.
I love the concept of the high chair on the go. It's easy and portable. However the leg holes are not designed well. They are very small and low to the bottom of the chair. They consistently cut into my sons legs and leave pretty bad marks. I have began not putting his legs through. This makes me worry about the safety of the chair but we never leave him unattended to make sure he doesn't fall out.
These bottles leak a lot, my son squeezes them and the nipples leaked all over his bed. The nipple some how inverted and opened up and leaked all over his crib, it was a huge mess. I returned them a day later
Very absorbent, & loved the designs.
A little thick for a toddler pillow- my two year old's head is a little too high on it. But we kept it since she can grow into it.
Decent bed sheet but we started noticing that it started developing small holes after about 5-6 months of use. It's nothing major and we still use it for our child but it's just something to be weary about.
Not happy with my purchase material is nylon so it seems like the baby will sweat in it, and it's not very Cushioned. I had to buy a cushion Head body support. I decided to keep it the stroller only because i don't want to go through the hassle of returning it! Don't recommend it if your looking for comfort!
It's a decent car for the price. The base was a little problematic to get in, but it's made from durable material. The car seat itself is compatible with many strollers, so you can't really go wrong. Overall, a good product for the price.
very good just doesnt seem to fit me as well as my hakka pump does. I dont know if its the shape of my breast or not but it just seems like the hakka does better. but for the price cant beat it.
They were okay, and will work but the pockets aren't as deep as I'd like and the straps could be designed better. It was good for the price but I'd like them to be more adjustable and the straps to be less obvious. It looks cheaply made- but they were cheap so I wasn't expecting much.
The pouches as such are great but the filling station is useless. It doesn't work properly, you need a lot of force to push it and the material is very low quality. Is much easier, quicker and cheaper to fill the pouches from their bottom just with the spoon.
Not sure on what double stroller this would fit. Does not fit my Baby Trend Navigator Double Jogger Stroller at all (see attached photos). It is nicely made however, and does repel water.
I havent used them yet They're a nice print I expected this much from the price I will use for a diaper changer mat when I take baby places and put under her when I change her at home
Very bulky, my kid didn't even want to try it on.
Soft and great quality. But much shorter than a standard crib mattress
Nice spacious bag. Can fit multiple items, especially if you have multiple children. The only problem I have is the chemical smell of the bag. This makes me question what could be in the materials to emit such a strong, chemical odor.
Great idea, The instructions were confusing and unclear. There was a template included that was supposed to help you install in the correct spot but I finally gave up trying to understand them and just made it work. The adhesive on the big portion of the device did not stick to the cabinet even after cleaning it. I have only tried on one cabinet and as soon as my 8-year-old daughter accidentally forgot and tried to open the cabinet it ribbed off the big piece. I will try again but I feel the company should provide better instructions.
This stroller just doesn't seem as durable as I'd expect it to be. Especially being a higher end brand. I was a little disappointed. It is light weight and easy to fold, as advertised, so that's not really the problem. It just seems flimsy and sometimes doesn't fully lock into place when opened and is lopsided
I think this product is pretty flimsy compared to our other high back boosters. It is light so good for travel but i wouldn't use for younger kids
My baby is 6 month old. The pictures on the book are too complex for such a young baby. He couldn't focus on it.
Packaging was damaged when I received it, and missing a couple bags out of it . Also one was ripped.
I think it's a little pricey for a sheet and I hate how when you put the sheet on the mattress it has like a bubble effect and you have to push the air out on the sides. And I don't think it's really that great on the water proof front. One of our twins leaked through his diaper and when I took the sheet off you could see where the pee leaked through the sheet.
Missing screws for battery cover. And sounds turns off every 20 min, sort of defeating the purpose. But it works as intended and baby seems to like it. Easy to put together too.
Very cool and operates well. It was just way smaller than I expected. They should have a picture showing size for clarity.
Great bottle brush. Rated this a three star because on my second day, I could not open the mini straw brush. It is stuck in place. I then purchase a separate straw brush.
The product itself was great, but it was missing screws, so I cant even keep it together.
Pay attention to the measurements... and think about the shape of your car window...it's kinda useless if your window isn't square shaped.
This canopy seems like it would be a good solution for a baby that crawls out of the crib or is able to grab things outside of the crib between the slats. I was excited about this specific canopy because it had the place to put a camera on top. It did not work for me, though. The top of the tent had a lot of slack (after being properly installed with the mattress in place), so the camera was hard to position correctly. When I did get it in an ok position, I could only see a small portion of the mattress. I couldn't see any of the sides of the crib. The monitor wasn't zoomed in. Maybe it just wasn't good for my specific camera, but I was not impressed. If you end up returning it like I am, good luck folding it back up! The instructions are crap. I did the best I could and eventually just had to make sure it would fit in the shipping box (not the bag it came in...). I was so hopeful and left so disappointed.
Quality is not as good as expected but item is what it describe and useful so far so good.
Cute and nice sounds but as it turns it makes a clicking sound because the toys move on it. My sons pretty uninterested in it vs.the cheap one I had. So it ended up being a waste of money. I personally wouldn't but it again.
would be better if I/we can change the color of the light. It just not comfortable with changing the color ever 20 second.
This is not canvas as stated. Instead feels plasticky and hard. Cute to look at but as soon as you look closer, it is very poor quality. Luckily I'm just using this to store socks otherwise I'd be returning.
If you tighten them down all the way they won't open. It needs a spacer or something to make installation better.
I didn't realize that this didn't have an over the shoulder harness.. it only had a lap harness and didn't work for us.. my child likes to move around and this was dangerous because he was not properly strapped in.. I returned it..
The towel was bundled to look cute in the packaging. However, there were so many places where it was secured together. This causes a safety hazard if I miss one; it might scratch my child. Also, what if I had dropped a plastic piece on the floor (which is possible since there were so many!), & my child puts it in his mouth? Also, when attempting to remove all the plastic pieces, the towel frazzled in some of those spots. I just wish the towel had been folded.
This mattress does a little cushion to help with sleep, but it is SO loud. Every time he moves you can hear the loud crinkle. I have put blankets under the sheet to try and reduce the noise, but it only helps a little bit.
Good product but a bit smaller than expected. Its a great size for little hands though
The towel and bib were wonderful and as described. However, the box was destroyed - ripped and smashed in at the top and sides - and could not be used. The box contained some useful information so I was disappointed. This was bought as a gift so I had to buy a gift bag rather than just wrap the gift in its box.
The product is not durable enough for young children. My kids have already broken the sides of the toy chest just reaching in to get toys. Disappointed.
Great in theory but pop open on their own. Kind of cheap.
For some reason these leak..
It's great, but the base only fits smaller crib rails. I ended up using zip ties to attached to our crib.
Smaller than expected but it does the job
I got my MIL a different seat and like her's much better. Easier to clip in, more leg room when rear facing, child seems more comfortable. The safety 1st is easy to install and tighten. In NY you have to keep kids rear facing until 2. It's ridiculous because mine is tall/heavy so he's out of room.
Liked the concept and design but the fabric is super cheap and if food got on it there would be no easy way to clean it except for throwing it into the washing machine.
Nipple was very still. My son didn't like them. It was well made and the spout didn't seem too fast at all. I will try again in a few weeks.
Item was as expected except for a 2 or 3 inch rip in a seam which allowed the lavender to escape.
I got this in a rush must say not to happy with the buy but it looks as shown and does what's needed. Will not buy again.
Keeps the seatbelt at the right length. No more struggling with a belt that stops before it pulls out far enough
Cute but after theee months, the satin edges have pilled, have Runs and makes the blanket look older
I do use microwave to sterilize all off the baby items! Everything work just fine. Unfortunately, not with this spoon. It's just melted.
I love them there cute but they come apart after two or three wears
My 15 year old assembled it. So its easy.... Not the softest but safe for SIDS resistant I guess. Baby sleeps in it calmly. Not a bad buy.
So fun. My kids loved it. The red lights were dim enough. But it was dead after 1 month of use
Very easy to assemble. The mesh bag is secured to the inside of the hamper by small velcro straps, which is a nice feature and hopefully will hold up over time. The lid attached with velcro on the back bbn of the hamper, and has two magnets on the front to hold the lid closed. Mine had an interesting smell, sort of like liquid smoke. Update: unfortunately, the odd smell persists, even after airing it out and putting dryer sheets into it, and I adjusted my rating down for that. If you aren't sensitive to odors it may not bother you.
They work ok. They don't last for more then 2 weeks and definitely not longer than a month.
I initially loved this mixer, its quiet and mixed the formula very well....perfect!! After using it for 3 weeks, the button stopped working, so thinking it was the batteries, I replaced them. It still doesn't work. We never immersed it in water, the button just broke. Now I have to buy another one (different brand of course) or go back to the good ol fashion way of shaking it up. Anyone else have this problem?
This is a flat flower, that only curves up depending on the size and shape of your sink. So this didn't work very well for my grandson. Also one thing to keep in mind is that after every bath you will need to find a way to dry this, either in the dryer or air drying unlike a plastic bath that you wouldn't need to deal with.
Three stars from me because the product itself wasn't bad but I'm not sure if it's made for babies of all sizes. The recommended age as listed was 0-3 months if I'm not mistaken but my one month old could barely fit on it. She was way too long and didn't fit properly. Great product for a newborn or really small baby
They fall off easily and do not stick.
I purchased these because I really liked the print and couldn't find a similar package from alvababy (same general China diaper). Unfortunately I noticed quite a few differences they may or may not eventually be the down fall of this branded version of China diapers. For those unaware, people can start a company by buying bulk orders of these diapers, you can change the number of snaps and snap locations, the inner and outer material, prints, Inserts etc. Alva generally uses better materials though which is how they are so popular. Pros: Cheap Cute Better quality insert Cons: Stitching issues Inconsistent sizes Poor quality inner material I'll update in a few months or whenever I have issues. Comparison photos are of this brand and a alva baby brand diaper (blue) that I've been using much longer. I handwashing daily and line dry.
Not sure why there needs to be a hole at the top of them. Have to make sure you place them up right every time or you loose the milk.
Doesn't stay in place
The distance between the arm rests and the body of the booster seat is very narrow and sometimes hard to get the seat belt on correctly. The padding is very thin and we have another booster seat that is more comfortable. This was a cheap seat so we got what we paid for. Should probably paid a little more and gotten a better seat.
I love how easy the camera is to set up and the picture quality is great! However, I can't give it 5 stars because it doesn't always connect in a timely manner. I'm not sure if it's my WiFi (which is great on all our other devices) or if it's the camera...but a lot of the time it takes a long time to load and I have to exit out of the app and retry it. It also freezes a good deal. Also, while the product says it captures movement, it doesn't always, and I believe it's only alerted me to movement in our little girls room once....and she moves around a good deal. Sound doesn't always pick up either.
Unfortunately I was in a pinch when buying these nipples bc we can't find them in the store anywhere near us. I don't usually give poor ratings but we received 2 packages of the correct nipples and 1 package of the wrong level nipples. I have reached out to the seller via Amazon message & it said allow a couple days but it's not been a couple days, I have not heard from the seller, & I need to use the nipples today. :(
While I love the idea of these it is difficult to write on I tried multiple dry erase markers including the one it came with and it doesn't hold well.
It's nice. It's soft. It was definitely smaller than expected but that's my fault for not reading the description. I do think that the price was too high for the item though
Works perfectly once you realize the tubes are assembled backwards. When we first got this I was very disappointed. We had a similar type aspirator that we loved, but was unfortunately destroyed by the dogs. In researching for a new one I came across this one that seemed to have a concept with two hoses and a bulb for collecting the mucus, plus it came with extra tips which is what the dogs always seem to chew up first. So I decided to give it a try. The first several times we used it on our sick 2 year old we noticed the snot coming back up the tube that goes in out mouth, and at least once, we each had it make it all the way without us noticing......YUK. I was about to give up on it all together and order something similar to the one we had when my wife suggested switching the tubes on the bulb, meaning, the tube that fits in the nostril leads to the top of the bulb and the tube that goes in our mouth leads the side. This simple change made the whole thing more like the one we did have and now directs the snot straight down into the bulb instead of toward the tube that leads to the mouth. With that change we have not had any problems with the snot getting into our mouths and we are both much happier with this device. I removed two stars for this obvious oversight in design.
Our 4 month old enjoys playing with her water mat during tummy-time. Only problem was that the product has a HEAVY smell of plastic. I tried washing it off with soap and warm water but it still has a strong odor.
Middle bar is too present when open.
Every test I have taken has been 1-3. I don't think these test are very accurate, and I wish I would have bought something a little more known. Wish I wouldn't have wasted my time with these. :(
It's everything I wanted for my 2 year old however there were some minor issues. When it arrived the urinal it self has some Funny pieces on it that look damaged. The spinner in the mouth is way too tight and won't spin. And the suctions don't work on painted walls neither does the sticker provided. I used a command strip to ensure it would stick.
Mine do not glow in the dark at all
These blankets are not really worth the costs to me. They are so thin, and after washing them, they seem even smaller.
Cute but top sheet and blanket did not work out for us. My little guy, 2, kept getting tangled in the top sheet and blanket. So we don't use them which kinda defeats the purpose of buying the set. Still I like that the pillow case matches and the pattern is cute.
I didn't pay attention to the size of this book, so when I saw how small it was, I was shocked. Please pay attention to the size. It's a 9x9 book. My fiancé couldn't believe I spent 35$ on this book and I can't either. However, despite it not being a good value, it's so pretty- I am keeping it.
It just didn't fit my baby. A great concept. I have to a friend.
It was pretty gross, three stars cause they are adorable socks.
Great concept, however my baby did not like the feel of these arpund his neck.
Brought these bottles because I like these.but on using these bottles my baby feels issues.as on drinking milk the nipple itself inverted towards inside and my baby is distracted and stop talking feed.
It's poorly sewn together, the hems aren't even but it serves is purpose by wrapping my baby without being too heavy
Love the chair and the price but is a pain to put in the car. There is hardly any space to put your hand when installing rear facing.
Not a must have. Didn't really use it.
It's ok. I would not consider this a towel; more like a hooded fleece blanket.
The mirror itself seems to be very good quality and is very easy to adjust to find the right angle. The lighting is my only issue and doesn't really work. To be dairy, I don't remember seeing a mirror with LED lights that other reviewers were satisfied with, so I tried this one since it was a good price. I've only used the lights about 5 times, and the batteries already died. The remote is a nice feature, but considering how fast the batteries died, you probably have to turn the switch off on the mirror after you finish driving, which kinda defeats the purpose of having a remote. As a mirror, it's great, but I don't know if there is one on Amazon with proper lighting.
It's cute and the colors are nice. It's also big enough to contain the mess. But it's bit flimsy and needs to be thicker.
I loved these but they were too small for my newborn which was strange because she has a small head. Had to return but I really liked them and they seemes to be good quality
After a month of use noticed that plastic clip popped off which is choking hazard.
The colors are great and they are well made but they aren't even water resistant. My kiddo can drool or milk spill through them pretty well. Her clothes underneath are not soaked, but they don't always stay totally dry.
Different color from what is posted
The pillow is fine. Exactly what I ordered. Two points, though... 1) the inside of the pillow is NOT organic. 2) do not waste your time reviewing the product for the “free gift”. It is a $10 coupon for their website that they give you 3 minutes to use. It's a joke.
For the price these are alright but they aren't as nice as the little unicorn ones that only cost a small amount more and are significantly higher quality. We have the summer infant changing pad and my husband and I both have to really wrestle these to get them on, I wish they were either a little stretchier or just a tad bigger.
The wife likes them but I've bought 3 so far because they have stopped working (the first 2)
These definitely get the job done, but they're not the best. The waterproof part is a layer of crinkly plastic in the middle- I didn't want to use them on my newborns because they felt too stiff. Now that they're older we do use them but the plastic has now disintegrated so they're just wrinkled in weird ways, and they stained really easily. They're also on the smaller side for bibs, so the baby's clothes still end up getting messy.
Their design is cute and the outside organic fabric is nice but the inside is bad, too fake and unfortunately it always flips out so the polyester is touching the cheeks. Also the color faded on them after washes
Cute design. Material is pretty soft but also pretty thin-- you can see the mattress through the sheet . It works and fits on the Pack and Play mattress. Easy to wash, haven't had to deal with stains thus far so I don't know about durability. Material is sufficiently soft for baby.
Wow I don't know if any reviews have stated this or not but my 8 year old sat down on the deflated cushion and there is NO way he would be comfortable on this! It's so tiny!! He's not big either, he is 8 years old and wears size 10 pants. I'm not dealing with a brute child or anything. I'm not even keeping it as an extra for another car. The box says 4-11 years old but I can't imagine an 11 year old fitting this if my average 8 year old is almost to the edge. I guess I'm going to have to hurry up on that mini van lol I don't recommend this unless you have a small child and at that point they probably need to be in a harness or high back booster anyway.
Our babies like sitting in it but their feet always get caught trying to get them out. Very frustrating and can lead to tears. Also they aren't interested in the toys as they hang from the front where the babies can't reach them.
The concept of this straw is good, however they leak, they are hard to clean, and there are a lot of parts to keep up with.
These are adorable, but they are not wipeable of poop. They have a couple stains. The designs are cute though, so I still recommend them.
I tried 3 different types of pumping bras and this is the clear winner: 1- it does what it's supposed to do: it holds the flanges in place so you can be handsfree 2- it's not offensive looking. It looks like a sports bra. Can be worn under your clothes if you go for a sporty look 3- it is comfortable and doesn't have seams/slits over sensitive areas which others have causing itchiness 4- it is supportive like a sports bra Cons: the zipper can be a bit tough to insert. Works best if you insert the zipper around your rib cage and then put your arms through the straps and finish pulling up the zipper that way Update: the zipper started to give out after only 2 weeks. It would unzip itself at random.
Solid materials and cushiony seat. Only downside is the screws always come loose so you have to retighten them regularly.
The product was missing 4 pieces and the base was melted closed where you were supposed to slide in the extension pieces. Horrible purchase.
I would have purchased 4 for this price, as the picture indicated four. I bought quickly and did not see that I would only be getting one bottle at that price. I have yet to use it, so I can not attest to the quality, but I see that I am not the only person who assumed they were getting four for the price.
I definitely don't like the top closing zipper.
I can't deny that my baby does enjoy being snugged up in this, but I don't think it would be considered safe for sleeping. I had problems with the bamboo pad no longer fitting correctly in its sleeve, as the blanket seems to have shrunk from being washed.
This works for our Graco Modes stroller but we can tell it is poorly made. The Velcro fell off as we take this out of the package, and the other velcros left look cheap. This made it difficult to secure to the stroller. This itself won't hold up in windy weather, but you can rig it with your own straps or tape to make it work.
After few washes, they looks very poor
Way smaller than we thought
Good quality hook but... It is advertised to be used with potty seats.... which often hace wide handles. Our potty seat just barely fits on the hook and so it is not particularly easy to get on and off. If it were half an inch wider it might be easier to use
The product appears to be of good quality but I ordered XL since I had very big soft toys.. stretched the maximum.. but still feel that the dimensions are not right in the description.. but the quality is good
I really wanted to love this product but it doesn't get the milk warm enough from the fridge to feed. I have to put in twice for it to be hot and then it's too hot!
Quality of this product good, was disappointed with the color. We had ordered the espresso and it had a lot of red tones in it. Was just not what we were wanting in a color.
The versatility in seating arrangement of the stroller is great, and the storage basket is large. I like that the kids can face each other. It is like pushing a grocery shopping cart in terms of weight and the extra length takes time getting used to especially when going through doors. I prefer this for city living over the side-by-side GT double, which I also have. It is the best stroller to have (despite the problems I mention later) unless you have more $$$ for the UppaBaby Vista or another high-end in-line double. The City Select wheels are large and go easily over bumps, though you need to use strength to step on the rear axle in order to pop it over a curb. I don't know if I just got a dud because the front wheel suspension system was creaky, along with the frame. Also, the chest and waist harness straps come easily unthreaded with no pressure, which makes it very annoying to dig under the kids' bodies to buckle them in every time. Replacement straps keep having the same problem. Customer service, while not overtly rude or with attitude, is lacking. I waited over two weeks with no response to emails before I gave up and called. Customer service reps do not address all issues brought up and I have to repeat myself constantly. They do honor their warranty, but I'm disappointed that it takes so much effort and time on my end to get problems resolved.
I ended up returning these. They did not feel like they were good quality and I didn't think they would be very absorbent. Prefer cotton.
These pacifiers are cute and my baby really liked them but spit up got into the hard plastic part and there was no way to get it out. We ended up throwing them all out because we felt they were unsanitary.
I bought this in June. Loved it. It's now October and it doesn't make steam anymore.
It is ok just too short! Need to buy another one!
The product itself is very good in terms of its main objective: to organize diapers ... but I do not give it 5 stars because it does not fold and the part of the pockets is made of fabric, it seems like something is missing. So that it stays armed unless you have them full.
They absorb great, when they actually stick in place. I had issues with them rolling up inside my bra. I ended up going to cloth
It's an ok product. At first it spelled like bananas but now it doesn't. I'm not sure if I will buy it again.
My son still slips and falls when wearing these socks. I do not believe there is enough grip.
camera picture quality at night is ok at best. Also, there is occasionally a clicking noise in the video receiver, but it's not terrible. But can't beat multiple cameras for the price and the sound quality is really good.
Tassle ornaments poorly glued on and was pointless to tie treat bags.
This bag is has some nice features but it's really tight and difficult to get over the Chicco Bravo Primo stroller. So if you have that I suggest a bigger bag.
These are cute and the kids love them. However, two things that are not clear from the images and description: 1. They are significantly narrower than regular straws. they are great for water, juice or similar drinks, but do not expect to use these for shakes or other thicker liquids. 2. They cannot go in the dishwasher. The heat will bend them out of shape. After 1 wash in the dishwasher all of our straws were no longer looped, though they were still somewhat bent. If this were clearly stated in the description, I would not have purchased them. (at the time of this review this is not in the description. . .I am hopeful the seller fixes that).
Not a great quality but ok value for the price. They were too small to swaddle our newborn in which is what we bought them for, but they are very handy as burp cloths and general purpose cloths in the nursery. Cute prints.
Very sturdy gate and easy to install only thing is when it was delivered one piece was defected and bent. It was one of the pieces luckily I didn't need to use.
Lived everything but the box it came in. I got it for a baby shower gift and it came in a plain brown cardboard box which was disappointing. Other than that, it was as expected and does the job!
Does not quite fit the Lillebaby carrier. I therefore only use the shoulder strap pieces.
Works ok... Since the food needs to be somewhat soft before mashing, you could do the same thing with a fork you already have in your drawer. It does what it claims, but I have found it to be an unnecessary tool just taking up space in my kitchen.
Cute but I'm sad that there's no Rocky! I get it that there's 5 fingers & 5 puppets but my daughter keeps asking me how we lost Rocky and all 6 characters are important to the kids!
This diaper bag is just okay. The zippers are mostly smooth, but one on the side pocket sticks. I wish the large pocket unzipped fully and the bottle pocket were easier to access.
I've used this twice and the seams are coming apart. Good ideas just need to be better quality.
It looks good, but the problem with this, IMHO, is that the optional extenders are of equal width. They need to vary. It's just a smidge too wide for where I need it with both extenders, but a bit too small if I use only one of them. The screws, then, are extended to their maximum amount not allowing for tightening. The gate is purposely agape to adjust to the tightening of the tension screws. You tighten up until the door meets the latch. Right now, I have it fit sort of kitty-corner between the two walls which is not ideal as I can't keep it at the proper tension. I'm only using this for a front patio to keep the dog from running out which is working fine, otherwise, it's a bit disappointing and annoying.
My 2 month old slept well last night as the blanket is soft and large. The only issue is that the blanket either arrived damaged or after one day easily snags. There is a thread that is coming undone.
Had to go in the very center or the handle bars. It gets knocked off everytime I try to open, close or turn the stroller. It is in the way when my son tries to get on the glider board or when putting the baby in the seat facing you. I wouldn't recommend, unless you absolutely need a cup holder and only have forward facing seats.
Look very nice and kid like it. Very difficult to clean and fix the straw back.
These sheets seemed to shrink despite following instructions and stained very quickly from fabric softener. They are warm and my son sleeps well on them, just not impressed with those few issues.
The strap isnt large enough to fit my seats, so I cant really use them but I imagine they'd be great if they could fit. The material seems good
It was ok. I expected better....
I like to have a nail scrubber, especially after working in my garden etc., but the scrubbers I have purchased in the past at a popular store for home and bath products have all been too harsh and have damaged my nails to the point where they were brittle and fragile. Unfortunately, this brush for kids is so soft, it doesn't really do the job, but I guess it's better than nothing. I can see where it might be good for little tykes.
Very nice and soft, but they are really small compared to regular washcloths. I really wish these were normal size.
I like everything about it, expect it's hard to figure out how to use it in different positions for my baby
There's no night mode... and the buttons are so hard to push. Also the display is VERY hard to read. The numbers and modes are so faint.
All of the product pictures, including the ones on the box it came in, show these bright, vibrant colored foam numbers and letters... they are very pastel. I know it isn't that big of a deal but I'm super annoyed by it.
So I loved the thermometer but it shows it comes with an ear attachment and it doesn't. So it's falsely advertised as versatile and that is one of the main reasons I bought this one.
I like that it's not painful- gentle suction. Because of the gentleness, it's not as effective as other pumps.
I bought this for my cats, I've been using a diaper genie for a long time for cat litter and it works great. But I didn't realize that this one didn't have a petal to open up the top, you have to push your hand through to get it to open...who wants to put their hand into the dirty pale?!
Left a residue and stain on my wood table. I thought maybe it was just that area from constant wiping from the little ones meals so I loved the mat and it did the same thing to that area to. Does it's job I suppose.
My son loves to play in his walker. He enjoys the sounds and moving the steering wheel. But I will say that you get what you pay for. The wheels are absolutely horrible. I basically have to drag him forward because the wheels give me lots of trouble. He has used other walkers that are so much easier than this one. I would say save your money and get another walker.
The mobile itself is darling. However, the music box has an on/off switch that would not stay in the on position. Used tape to keep in on position. Plays for about a minute or so.
hard to adjust once used for a particular opening.
I purchased this because I have problems releasing my great granddaughters seat belt. I still have a bit of trouble using this but I have to say, it is easier than using my thumb.
Looks very cheaply made.
This product was great for my daughter! She loves to have a little bit of light and music when she sleeps. It was great until it stopped working even after replacing batteries. We only had it for 2 months.
LIke others have said, this has a short lifespan. At just under one year of use, the power cord stopped functioning. VTech was of no assistance because the 1 year warranty was up, seeing as I purchased the monitor about one month prior to my baby being born. Luckily, it charges on a typical micro USB charger, so we got another year of use out of it by charging it with random extra phone chargers around the house. And now I'm stuck with a parent unit that will not charge at all, and I have to figure out how much I want to spend on a replacement to be able to watch a 2 year old and a 4 year old... However, for the years that it was functional, it was a great monitor. Love the big screen, the range was great - I could go into the backyard about 200 ft from baby's room and still have clear video & audio. LOVE the talkback feature. Battery would last about 6 hours on a charge. I will say that the thermometer part was off by a few degrees, but that wasn't important to me. Shame that it didn't last longer...
I like the stainless steel, but the lit constantly comes off. The top can sometimes be difficult to screw on, but it isn't a deal breaker.
I love the wipes. Hate the way they are packages. They come in multiple boxes/deliveries as opposed to just one. I really wish this could be corrected.
Doesn't stay closed super well, but holds a lot of stuff.
Broke easily. Fun while they last though!
Overall, not a bad product. It worked perfectly fine for weeks. However, the sponge parts did break away and disintegrate quicker than I was expecting. Brush bristles are now starting to fall out, so I'm replacing after only a few months. I didn't expect it to last forever, but I had hoped it would have lasted longer.
It was as described. I bought to use under a costume that had a bare midriff. It worked well enough for this purpose. But at the price and durability I would probably not purchase again as it is very similar to panty hose that are easily snagged.
I usually don't post bad reviews. I've always had very good service and quality with amazon. Until today. This toddler bed I've been waiting on and it arrived today in poor quality. There was some kind of glue sticky substance on the headboard and some paint missing on a rail. I would send it back but my toddler needs to transition to a bed before she falls out of her crib and breaks an arm.
A little on the thin side, no real padding or anything. Soft though. But just really thin.
Hard for me to put on wrists. Not using as much as I thought I would because of this. Product seems sturdy and would be useful to be able to know where kids are so they can't roam whe you have hands full.
Not much here just sounds and a variaty of sounds. Not impress
...needs to be medium hardness to be able to last. Like the other reviewer, my toddler bit through it within a few days.
this is the fourth or fifth time that i've ordered these. the box needs additional coverage to ensure that the covers inside stay clean
This car seat was very bulky and restricted my son's movement more than is necessary, so he absolutely hated it. You have to pull the straps on the back of the car seat before pulling the strap to tighten it in the front, or it is almost impossible to tighten appropriately. Don't know how this would work for a forward-facing child. Overall, this car seat was too expensive to not be great, and it was not great.
The base/stand of the item was smashed to pieces when arrived. There wasn't much protection in the shipping box which gave the item plenty of room to slide from side to side. Requested a refund as there is no way exchanging for a new one would guarantee it arrived in time for my childs birthday. Other than that seems to be good quality. The ball itself is quite heavy.
Doesn't contain smell, poor design.
Works well, but it's probably the most uncomfortable thing I've ever put on my body. It's fine for pumping at home but I wouldn't wear it any longer than necessary...definitely not to work.
My baby doesn't like this and I'm not a fan of it either. The best tilts and the baby rolls all over the place in it. I'm nervous about sids even though the sides are mesh and breathable I still don't trust it. My baby is 4 weeks old and it tilts so bad that her legs were half way hanging off the side. Not a fan.
It's was okay. I never loved it but it worked for what we needed. It stopped working after 6 months but I removed the battery and reinstalled it and it came back to life.
Wish it was a bit bigger (my 3month old had to use it diagonally and barely worked!) it also shreds on everything!
My 9 month old does like chewing on this but it's really awkward for him to chew on it while I'm wearing it. The necklace is too short. The only way he has chewed on it is when I'm holding him and I let him hold the necklace. He doesn't want to chew on it while I'm wearing it, which was the purpose of why I bought it. I also was hoping he'd play with it while I nursed him instead of accidentally scratching and pinching me. He does play with it while I nurse, but it's still too short. He will pull on it and I have to lean over so it doesn't hurt my neck.
Knocked the remote off the visor one time and the fall to the floor made it not work anymore. The light part is useless to me now. Worked well when it did work.
This product does do the job, baby is comfortable and safe in the sink, you don't have to worry about them hitting there head on anything, but i will say the flower does slide around...only downside to this thing is wringing it out afterwards. Its large and its complicated to wring out and get the majority of the water out of it.
This chair is well-constructed, it is light and works for bouncing, but unfortunately my baby cries every time I put him on it :( so it is practically useless for me. maybe is an individual thing and other babies would enjoy it more
Wrong size was sent. The bags seem durable but the label is the opposite of discreet. Would be better if completely white exterior.
I bought this for a trip and checked the car seats thru. It was big enough to hold both my sons car seats one convertible and one booster seat with lots of room left. Unfortunately after the first flight it showed significant wear and tear. I was concerned rouse it on the return flight but had no choice after the return flight it is ruined with significant tears and scuff marks. I recommend spending a little extra and getting a better quality one unless you only want to use it once or twice than this would be perfect. At least it kept the car seats clean and dry.
Stroller drawl string broke only after having it for 2 months. Was unable to use it. It would fold down anytime we needed to use it.
way too small. didn't fit my newborn's head. but if your child is on the smaller side, it will fit.
Firstly, I would note that the flowers are not truly attached to the headband as it might seem, they are instead on metal clips which can be attached to the band (I choose to look at that as making them a little more versatile) Second, the first day I got them, my husband promptly stretched a band to fully fit his adult head.. it worked! Very stretchy, not uncomfortable. Surprisingly soft fabric. Third, the first time wearing a headband / flower clip combo, the flower managed to pop off the metal clip. Whoops.
I bought this during the summer while my son was too small to fit into a harness-like carrier. The fabric was so thick that even in the A/C it was too hot to wear him. Probably better suited for cooler climates!
The top of walls sags down a little on the top, but its a nice quality and looks great. I like the soft rope handle. We put musical instruments in ours and constantly move it around. Love the tree look!
I ordered two sets of these (8 storage boxes) on a Thursday with prime and was guaranteed two day delivery by Saturday (even upon double checking my order). Not only did my package not come Saturday, or Sunday, or even Monday, it didn't even ship until Tuesday for an AT BEST Wednesday arrival (almost a week after I had ordered it). Amazon should not be advertising items as prime if they aren't going to ship in a timely matter. I perhaps would have bought something different had I known I would have been waiting around for these.
Back wheels do not pivot making it harder for an infant to follow along. Not impressed with that feature; otherwise a well built, nicely designed walker.
Too narrow and cumbersome. I am surprised Lactation consultants created this
Useful when baby was first starting finger foods because I was afraid he was going to choke. It also allowed the baby to eat while I was able to take my eyes off him for a few minutes. But... I really don't use it anymore because I want him to learn to use his fingers, using the pincer grasp. This feeder would hinder finger dexterity. I'll still keep it around for those days when he's teething because I can put a piece of frozen fruit in it for him.
Bought this because a friend registered for it for her baby shower, as did I. I found it difficult to nurse with as compared to the my Brest friend pillow. Boppy has cute covers and is a cute pillow but is not as functional when it comes to nursing a newborn. Baby falls down in the gap between me and the pillow.
It's okay not that big as expected but it's doable don't see the need for usb charger if you gotta buy a battery to put in it just means more money
It works good for about 6 months started making some clicking sounds
I just got these in the mail, so to be fair I haven't used them yet. I took them out and they smelled like plastic/chemicals to me. It's my fault for going with a cheaper option that aren't made in the U.S.A. and aren't organic cotton, but I was hoping for chemical free at least. The smell came out after I washed them. They're cheap and will do the trick though, so I can't complain too much. For people complaining about the shrinkage... they're 100% cotton, what do you expect? Wash in cold water and tumble dry with very low heat. I have a newer washer and dryer which I think helps get them dry faster with little to no heat, but even so, just don't dry them at all and wash in cold water!
It's cute, but the picture shows little feet, and there are no little feet. I am sad that there are no little feet. Pretty sure my kid doesn't care about them though.
Did not use after checking with local police dept. They did not recommend
I absolutely love this pacifier, the only problem is that it is already starting to come apart a little. We have only used it for two days and the rubber seems to be shedding or something ? I am not sure what is wrong but If I could get a replacement It would be much appreciated.
I liked how this looked and the space inside! The straps ripped off of the bag after about 5 months of use.
it is just ok, the graphics are Really Big, thought it would be in just the corner and the blanket was just so so quality
The stroller pushes easily and the wheels are smooth. It reclines enough for nap time which is nice! The front wheel kept popping off when I would fold it. Also, it's very big even folded. had To return it because it wouldn't fit in the car that great. The front seat has almost no leg room. My sons only 18 months old and even though he's long for his age. His feet shouldn't be dangling almost to the floor and his feet kept hitting the wheels. Overall it just wasn't for me but it's a decent stroller and definitely worth a shot for someone else it might work.
I gave this three stars because the design was so cute. The frame is very cheaply made and constructed out of rough wood which feels very flimsy. Additionally, there material which is supposed to connect the hamper together at the bottom is about an inch and a half too short, so the hamper does fit over the frame correctly. I had to find extra velcro around the house to make it work. I really like the design though, so I will keep it.
This product works, but will stain any clothing it touches.
nice but colors are sad not happy and not as vivid as on the picture
Ive been trying to potty train my son, he's almost 2 years old...this is a nice and easy way to do it since I can just put the little potty on the toilet and it's very easy to clean...the only thing I didn't like is that he's not very comfortable yet sitting on it since it's a little on the bigger side but I hope he will get used to it. I'm def keeping it though since he's still growing. Thank you.
It's was smaller than I expected
This is such an adorable night light. My daughter squealed with delight when she first saw it. Colors are fabulous, love the remote, love how the colors fade into each other. Only problem I'm having- & it's a pretty big one for me, is the night light turns off after several hours. So my 4 year old has been waking up at three in the morning screaming because she is afraid of the dark and her night light is not on. I wish there was a place I could set the time. I just need it to last 8 hours! Am I doing something wrong or is this just a really bad design flaw? It's really too bad because other than that we truly love it.
I bought this swaddle and found out there are lots of loose threads that I have to trim it off myself and its not as soft compare to the other brand that I bought online. Better choose another brand and paying at this cost there are lots of other choices.
Smaller than expected so i wanted to change it to the medium size but not all colors listed available and a lot more expensive!! Sounds not quite right.
Over all this was a good buy but the all broke easily and for a few extra bucks I would recommend the Melissa and Doug brand I own them booth and the M&D is a better quality!
Good size and cute but chemical smell, had to put it outside for a day it was so strong.
We really like it. But, Not excellent for chunky smoothies if you leave the spillproof insert in. Our 1.5 yr old can't squeeze all the food up on her own without the insert, which creates a vaccuum. Also the silicone attracts dog hair. Not sure there is anything better, so we are pretty happy with this.
My 8 month old granddaughter likes it but problem is she was zooming in walker first so she gets frustrated when she can't follow us. The other one was dangerous and this is great!! My advice is to introduce baby's to this one first and the baby will love it.
Cute design, but the top flap is kind of awkward. When the toybox gets full the box kind of bows out in different directions and the top doesn't really close correctly. It's a little sloppy looking. I like that it's soft though so you don't have to worry about smashed fingers.
My baby loves it. I little in the heavy side.
Work great just impossible to get completely clean
They aren't strong enough to keep their shape but definitely keep the seat backs cleaner.
Very quiet. Easy to refill. Have been using it every night for a month and no white crust has appeared yet. Full tank may last for three nights if is on the lowest setting. I am very happy with it. It has really improved my sleep. I would recommend it. Only 4 stars because I would like for it to have a room humidity measure on display or something just to know what is the right setting.
THE PRODUCT IS WELL MADE AND IT CAME A PROMISED BUT I JUST DIDNT CARE FOR IT.
The install was pretty straight forward, however, all the pieces are held in place with adhesive. I've noticed that the adhesive doesn't work as well on slick surfaces. I wish there were holes for a screw mount option. I've had this kit installed for over a year now. I've had a few pieces get pulled off.
I only gave four stars because the fabric that lays over the top edge does not extend very far down. If you machine wash this I would recommend air drying flat or hang drying. When I dried it in the dryer it got so wrinkled I needed to iron it and there is nothing keeping the center seam stitched down where it folds over the carrier. Other than that it fits onto the carrier fine. Does what it states.
Seems durable and good quality, except for the suction cups and adhesive. I will need to get something else to make it stick, they don't work at all.
Thick, light and good size but just little hard to clean. Awesome graphics and colors!
This worked out very well. I used to use numbers of pillows at the end of the bed, but with this it so easy. Now I do not have to worry of kid rolling over the bed. Its amazing how small things like these make life easier. And the material is awesome. the bottom of pillow has tiny protrusions that help it grip the bed, I guess gives more friction.
My son is a newborn and this was the only type of pacifier he liked. He is breastfed and it's important to me to have a pacifier that he won't get nipple confusion with. This product is perfect for this problem. I bought this set to add to our collection. We have 6 of these pacifiers, but for some reason we lose them all at once. I previously bought a holder that required me to put the loop through the pacifier hole. That means the fabric of the holder was against my babies face. I can't imagine having wet fabric pressed against your face being comfortable. When I found this model I jumped on buying it. I will warn you that the holder is translucent and is already attached to one of the pacifiers. I didn't realize this and thought I threw it away. It's easy to take off and more to another one. I absolutely love it. I took a star off because the clasp is just so bulky. I wish I t was a bit smaller because against a little baby it takes up most of his torso. Other than that I highly recommend this product.
This is better than the seat covers I have purchased in the past. My family does a lot of road trips and that means we use a lot of bathrooms. These covers go on the part of the seat between the lid and bowl which means that you make no contact with the actual toilet seat. Now I can finally stop cleaning strange toilet seats to protect my girls from contacting nasty toilet seats. Wish I have found this product earlier. My children take these to school with them to use whenever using the 🚽 at schools and I can finally feel safe that they will not be sitting on any dirty toilet seats.
Love these!! Four stars just because of the price. They are a little expensive but so absorbant!
Works great with chicco fit 2 infant seat
The stiffer material makes it harder to store food in. My kids like the little animated fruits and veggies on them. I would try another product of different material next time.
Great bumper for my toddlers twin bed. Easy to place in the bed and remove when sheets needs to be removed and washed. My toddler kicks and moves allot but this bumper keeps my toddler in the bed all night.
Great invention!! Super easy to use and they do hook up to target bags with no issue. My only problem with them is that they seem to unscrew while pumping. I had to keep retightening them
I didn't post a photo because I can't decide the best place to put these just yet, but I did test one on my wall and they are good quality, and removed without damaging my wall surface. The price was a few dollars lower than any craft store's. The cactus theme goes perfectly with my decor.
I love Mam bottles. Baby took them with no problems. The nipple doesnt collapse causing you to take them out of the babies mouth. I gave 4 stars because they dont heat up well with bottle warmers due to the thickness and base of bottle.
So we ordered this after researching our options for about a month. We decided on this one due to the different age children we have. Pro: Lots of options on how to use it. 27 ways to be exact. Easy to clean fabric, fluids seem to slide right off and not stain. The bench seat is really nice for older children. Super large basket underneath Cons: Fairly long stroller, it does help to have the extra wheels to help with maneuvering. The wheels on the bag (attaches to the stand up board) is fairly load when strolling in sidewalks with cracks. It is very large folded up and you have to take the seats off (this makes it take up the entire truck area of our Ford Flex) Overall this is a great stroller for families with children that range in age. Stroller feels very sturdy and moves very easily just takes time to get used to the longer frame. We bought this from the Amazon Warehouse so we got a great deal on it so we can't complain for the price we paid.
I got this to use on a Stokke Tripp Trapp tray. This does suction with the extra base after wetting down the tray and area between the base and the bowl. However, if the base/bowl are dragged along the tray, they do lose suction. And my 8 month old was very interested in pulling at the tab on the base so only works with that facing away from him. Suction doesn't last the whole meal so be prepared to press down again. Still, this lets me give yogurt and applesauce more easily with baby led weaning. The bowls and lids nest for easy storage. I almost returned these before I tried wetting things for more suction. These didn't stick well to my wood table, and I wouldn't wet that down so I wouldn't use these on a wood grain.
I like it but the formula is kinda hard to get out when your trying to make a bottle supper fast but other than that it's exaclty like the picture shows. spacesaver for travel.
These socks with treads fit well. My only issue is the placement of the non skid rubber bumps. They are placed primarily on the arch of the foot area. That area is the least used and caused the heel area to be more slippery. The toe area would have helped with crawling but was again slippery. They are very cute and the strap helps keep them on the feet.
Wheels would be helpful
But very cute pattern
It's not an absolute necessity but it's nice to have. I like to go outside to walk 5-10 min with my 17 lbs baby without the ergobaby or a stroller. After a while, the five months old baby gets heavy so it's nice to own this. I have a small waist but it fits nicely. The side position does not fill too well but I hope to figure that out. It takes up some space but for $22, you cannot go wrong.
I would Like this more if it didn't sag off of my pack and play. But it does the job and is sturdy
I recently started to learn macrame and when I saw this cradle I knew I had to have it! It is gorgeous and such a unique design. The light pillow type cushion that goes inside the cradle is a bit too flimsy, so I ordered a thicker one from England to add more support. For a newborn, this may be better, but as the baby grows more to 8-10 pounds, it looks like it will be necessary to put a wooden base in the bottom as well!
I like the inexpensive price. I like that it is not on WiFi so it cannot be hacked. The night vision is very clear. It was easy to hook up. The signal did disconnect one time but it was easy to reconnect again. I dislike - The screen is like a second sun. It is SO bright at night. I have it on Eco-Mode just so I can sleep (the screen goes black until it registers audio). But then there's a blinking green LED light to let you know the monitor is on, and that too is extremely bright. I also dislike how flimsy the parent monitor is. With the cord plugged in, the parent unit becomes unbalanced and tips over easily. Overall, I recommend it for anyone looking for an inexpensive video monitor. There are probably better ones out there, but not for the price or ease of use.
It fits with the bottle although it leaves a small gap where the top and the bottom meet. It's also very easy for baby to move it around but it does give that extra help for babies to grip the bottle better.
This product is lightweight enough for our older toddler to put it on the potty herself. One drawback is that urine sometimes gets trapped under the rim and then ends up on the big potty seat when the small one is lifted.
They are really thin, and honestly I feel like make more of a mess because the babe wants to put it in her mouth covering even more of her face with food. It does wipe off easily with a wipe.
Attractive product and easy to use. I especially liked that it could be used on the forehead or in the ear. Accuracy is a bit off from reading to reading and when compared to results from an under-the-tongue thermometer but not significant enough for alarm.
Cups do not leak and our 2-year old seems to have no trouble drinking from them, but the graphics wore off in about a month. We hand wash everything, so there's not even a dishwasher to blame.
Overall very satisfied. Our only concern is that one connecting component wouldn't insert fully, so it's slightly crooked. The gate still works well and is sturdy and secure.
I picked this high chair for it's slim design because we live in a condo and we're limited on space. I wasn't a fan of the plastic piece under the tray that goes in between baby's legs, but my husband saw it was attached with screws, so he removed it. Simple as that, for anyone who doesn't like that feature. I like that the material used on the high chair is designed to be wiped down easily, but at times I wish I could take the whole thing off and throw it in the washing machine. It wasn't easy to do that so I left the cover on, but removed the straps to be washed (baby kept gnawing on straps and getting food on them). I love that the basket type feature under the seat is there because that's where I keep the bibs. My favorite feature is that it only takes one hand to pull on the strap in the seat to close the high chair for storage. Kudos to whoever thought of that idea!
Be warned - if you need to use this for a cup or bottle with a handle, it won't fit. For a water bottle, it's great. For a travel cup with handle, look elsewhere.
I really like how you can mount this to any chair. Easy to use. Easy strap onto chair. The only problem is the tray is difficult to snap in.
Easy to use! A helpful addition to your medicine cabinet. Makes taking kids temperatures quick and easy!
Okay item but more for a very small toddler. Even the boy on the box is to big for this item. I have a 3 year old and yet this works for now the toilet is pretty short. Also seems uncomfortable to my boy for long sittings (like pooping).
The tent comes in a nice shade of gray and green. It also has a mosquito net, so you can zip up the tent but still allow air to go into the tent. However, even with the pictures on the instruction sheet, I still had trouble folding it back. In the end, my partner was able to fold it back without the help of the instructions.
Daughter loves hanging smaller ones on here between pet nets.
We bought this for our niece to use. It is super helpful to keep the baby supported. We love the little extra pillow that is included, it helps to prop him up. The included carrying bag is also great.
The item is much better than the picture shows. i like it. the only thing is to hope it can be thicker.
Overall stroller seems durable but some of the plastic parts seem cheap. Our baby liked the stroller and normally hates everything. The biggest issue was that one of the snaps on the bottom mesh compartment came broken (today) and I am not sure how to get that replaced.
I'm using these as a toy box for my dog. He loves them. Perfect hight. Sturdy enough.
This high chair is perfect for my little home. It fits my big chunky boy and it's easy to use.
Perfect for yogurt and granola A little small for cereal
Bought this for a long car trip, the idea is awesome, but the square design does not conform to the body well so it made it a little awkward when it was in their lap. Not too mention the flap as well, just seems like there would be a better solution there. The kids didn't use them as much as we would have hoped, so not sure if that had anything to do with it or not.
Not what I expected but are peak proof and customer service is excellent!!!
Good product but quality is average
One tab broke in the first week, but the plastic is so hard it is sometimes a little difficult to push the tab in without using a lot of force. They don't look terrible, and except for the broken one it seems to work as advertised. I can't turn on the gas stove without opening the knob cover. I've got a GE gas stove with 6 knobs (five burners and one for the lower oven) so that's one reason I went with this product. A lot of the others come with only 5.
Item was a great purchase, our 2 week old quickly adapted to the rocker sleeper and sleeps well however one of the metallic push clips that is supposed to hold together the upper and lower was pushed deep inside the rod when we received the item. I did not want to go through the hassle of returning and receiving a replacement item so a hex nut and bolt from the Home Depot resolved this issue.
We are very happy with this purchase that we just bought 2 more. One for another bathroom and one for the grandparents. We are training using a potty seat instead of a potty chair. Our toilet is chair height. So, not only do I have to pick up my child to put her on the seat but then her feet dangle. This is the perfect height so she can walk up (supervised) and her feet rest flat as she is sitting. This is also the perfect height for her to wash her hands. Note: the step stool is tall so I would always suggest toddler supervision when using (even when the toddler wants to do it herself). I extend my hand so she can use me to balance as she walks up and down since the steps are a bit steep.
Really cute design, easy to use, stretchy, and fits the baby's forehead well.
This stuff is a life saver after a long day of nursing! The only thing that's really not ok about this product is that it smells like a meth person's BO
I have a love and hate relationship with this bib. First off I absolutely love how soft and flexible this bib and the vibrant colors and the cute designs make it even better. I love how its not just one button that the neck can be looped through but there are 3 buttons in which I can loop it through in order to avoid my daughter from taking off the bib herself. Now on to why I was 1 star short of 5, this bib would be the perfect bib for going out because of how soft it is, it makes it very easy for me to put it away without having to fiddle for the necessary space for it to fit. However if you plan on using this bib with your highchair there may be a bit of a problem with the flexibility. In most cases for high chairs used at home there is a tray and depending on your high chair tray it may or may not blend the bib into a form where no food will be caught, which is exactly what happens to me. The bib folds inwards where the food cannot be caught and my daughter ends up having all the soup, food, crumbs, etc all over her legs. I don't need to worry about her getting cut from the bib but the softness of the bib causes problems where the bib is ultimately not catching anything that is falling. Given the material of the bib and how much I like it once I took it out of the box I had to give 4 stars. The pocketed bib is completely defeated in the case of the highchair tray but I'm sure when we are out and sitting in restaurant highchairs the bib will be differently seen. So keep in mind if you do end up getting this bib and you're planning on using this at home check you highchair tray first.
These work well for us and seem to be washing up well, but they don't seem like they are going to last until potty training. However, for the price, you can't go wrong!
I bought it to take to Disney with my small children and it was PERFECT! Lg. Side pockets for our theme park cups or wipes, insulated front pocket for food and drink, and a small back pocket for my ID + keys. Large inner pockets that fit diapers perfectly. The bottom back pocket was great for getting autograph books +pens out (repeatedly). I highly recommend this bag!
Settings aren't adjustable it's pretty much all or nothing. Plays random songs such as Beethoven, happy birthday and merry christmas
I got these to double with the microfiber inserts that came with the Alvababy diapers. They work pretty well but I still get some leaks. Overall I would definitely say they have improved the absorbency of the diapers. I love that they are grey because then there are no stains. I also haven't noticed any lingering smells.
For the most part we didn't use it very often, it isn't large but it's another thing to carry with you. You have to assemble it at the table, most places have high chairs or this exact thing at the restaurant. After buying it, we ended up just storing it.
Would like s smaller version
I love this product and so does my son very helpful. Only downside is that whatever you put in it usually stains but so much better then the cloth version
it's okay the stars aren't as clear as i would have liked but it does the trick the baby loves it. Wish it had some kind of music and more colors
Bought in the summer time and it's quite thick and my baby was super hot in it. I can't use it for when I need it.
Is great for clipping on to things. Mine came fully assembled. Only problem was my camera didnt like to stay on (granted it was upside down) so I hot glued the front down and that fixed it from coming unstuck at the front. The pieces of tape that come with it are not very sticky.
Lacking in durability.... one bin is already caved in.
In the photo, the colors look more green. In person, it's more aqua/turquoise. Still super cute and fits perfectly, but just not my preferred color palette.
Compact and easy to carry. Was shorter in length than I expected.
Does the job and my son liked the owl picture. However, the owl does rub off. We've only had it for a few days and the owl is nearly gone.
It is really nice and does what it is suppose to. The only problem is that the arms that go under the mattress do not stay put or attach anywhere so when you try and hide away and re-pull out.
For the price you cant really beat it. Its taller then the ones in wallyworld. I would have given it a 5 star but it's a little flimsy. I would recommend.
Well made, sturdy, cute, easy to clean. Besides a bit cheaper, what more could you ask for?
A little tricky but works well. Collects cat hair though.
I like that this booster is solid black and my daughter is comfortable in it. I dislike the creaky, flimsy styrofoam side wings, and it does not lie against the back of my seat without gaps, no matter how much I adjust it. I wish I had purchased the Diono booster that other family members have.
Awesome deal for the number is headbands you get. Perfect for any outfit. I didn't have any trouble with them falling apart and my 6 month old tends to grab and pull on them. On some you can see where the glue holds the bow on, but only if you look really close. Very soft, perfect for a baby.
Adhesive tape comes separately, pain to install. Stinks like filth.
Soft, big, and good quality
I Purchased these eggs for my twin nephews. It is really cute. They seem to really enjoy playing with it. I gave it four stars because I had difficulty opening the case and the eggs.
I researched like crazy on how to transport breastmilk while traveling. This was one of the top bags I kept reading about. I exclusively pump for my baby and we started to travel quite a bit once he turned 6 months old. I was really stressed about how to take milk with me and how to take so much. I thought the bag would be a bit larger, but it ended up working out. We were away for 7 days for our first trip and I noticed by stuffing this bag with frozen breastmilk, it actually kept all my milk bags frozen. Only one bag (up top) had started to defrost, but was still slushy. The entire duration of the trip was 5-6 hours. I ended up ordering a second bag because I was not able to fit a week's worth of milk supply in the bag (baby was still drinking 6-7 feedings at this time). It wasn't too big of a problem. Due to traveling alone, I packed both bags into my suitcase right before leaving. On the trip back, I ended up taking it out and carrying it through TSA due to the weight it was adding to my suitcase (7 pounds)!! Our second trip was just a few days ago. I didn't take as much milk and I did notice more of the milk bags had started to defrost, but still frozen enough to put back in the freezer once I arrived at my destination. We will be traveling to Cabo in a couple of months. I am a little nervous since the flight will be longer than both of our previous trips, but I also do not have a choice and will need to make the best of the situation. I plan to take a lot of milk. So, I am hoping the frozen milk will help keep the milk from defrosting too quickly.
This is perfect for car rides for my toddler, but I wish it was easier to clean.
Product worked really well, and easy to clean. How can I order/get replacement parts?
I liked that it was easy to use and a good price.
It is very nice but just wish it was softer fabric, kind of scratchy
This was a prime item and it didnt arrive on time. That was disappointing as I was Waiting on this to pair with a birthday gift crayons light up black board. Which also came late.
These are great for my 2 yr old
I wanted to swaddle my baby but worried about the Arizona summers and her overheating. This blanket is perfect- it's thin,soft and breathable. We use it as a blanket, have used it to clean spit ups, used it as cover-up over her car seat to keep her out of the sun, and used it as a nursing blanket. And after 12 times of washes it's still super soft. Love them
I love the idea of it but it is really small. It will do its purpose but for the price I expected it to be bigger. On the plus side it is super cute.
Overall this is a great car seat. I've been using it for almost a month without issue. It snaps perfectly into my baby trend expedition stroller. My only complaint is the handle is a little wobbly when in the carrying position which makes carrying it around a bit uncomfortable as it wiggles when being carried.
We really like this. My baby is small so still a little big in the arms but the best fitting so far.
This lens works well for toddlers who roam!
Because I am very petite and have a small breasts, the size small was still a bit big. It gets the job done but I know I'd be more comfortable if it fit a little more snug to hold the pump on me better.
a little stiff, even after washing, but has softened since use
They seem sturdy, but the picture doesn't show that they are like a disc like shape, like a donut size, kind of tacky looking. I think the rubber knobs that come with the gate, should be enough protection for any kind of door-ways, unless your door-ways are made of really old wood, or just crap!
Very easy to install, and the kiddo (3 year old) can reach it no problem.
great product, sturdy and cute!
Moves around a little but great absorbancy and works well.
Very adorable just not crazy with color.
I'm used to Chicco brand so I'm kinda already spoiled. I didn't want to spend an arm and a leg and i wanted pretty so i went w this one. I'm glad i did.... i can tell it's made a little cheaper than the chicco... but it's also cheaper in price. I would buy again. It's great for the money!!!!
I did so much research to find the perfect glider chair for my nursery. I realized the more you look the less you find. I decided to go with this one and so far so good. Pros: color, material, very smooth gliding, good size (width) . Cons: the back of chair wish it was higher to easily rest your head and wish ottoman had storage. No regrets here
My baby love this... Keeps him occupied and entertained. Vibrant colors with lights and music..
Very sturdy, love how it makes itself a purse. Perfect for strollers without cup holders. It fits my phone, sunglasses, and almost all my cups.
Overall my wife loved it except the front pocket stitching/zipper was already damaged after 1 day of use.
Not as sterdy as I would have liked-took it in when it rained
This pacifier holder are nice, but the only reason why 4 stars where given and not 5 is beacuse they come off really easy from the babys shirt, baby can easy pull it off other than that they do the job
My baby likes it, sometimes...
Nice little portable mobile for crib or car seat. Fits well with crib but not so well on playpen due to the round side railing. Only thing missing is the different volume options.
I used on our first trip with the baby and it def. Helped putting the carseat on a bag. However, i wasn't comfortable with putting the baby in the carseat for the following reason. When I added it to my stroller to put my carseat on it, it becomes loose. I had to add a knot at the end and then wrap it around a bar so that it wouldn't come loose. IMO the ribbon is too thin for the plastic buckle.
not easy to unlock and use. nice size.
My daughter loves it. Feels so much better knowing that she won't accidently snip some skin when clipping nails,
Was late getting here (understandable since it's almost Christmas). The product looks great. My son is 11 weeks old and it's a little too big for an anklet but he will grow into it
This is a great product, works as it should and aesthetically beautiful but it didnt have a diaper changing pad included and I found that out when it needed it which was bad.
I bought this & its really cute & works well in the kitchen
These are great containers for baby food! My only reduction to 4 stars is because the marker rubs off very easily. I really like to keep the jars labeled, so I'm going to start using masking tape instead.
It is made well and adds fun to bath tub time.
It works well, however after only 3 weeks of use the velcro is starting to not stick.
This is really incredible
This is my second gym and I loved the first one. It has good jungle theme with some animals placed pretty nicely and neatly. The music is good and the gym stands upright. If possible there should be a feature to extend it when needed.
Sorta loved it. It wanted to work when it felt like it.
The diaper stacker looks exactly as pictured. Good price. I was disappointed in how wrinkled it is but states not to iron.
It was good but a little smaller than I expect.
These diapers are adorable, and are a great price compared to others. After doing some research, these have been highly rated for durability. I unfortunately have not had the chance to use these yet, as they are way to big for my 7 lb newborn. We are using disposable diapers until he can fit in these, which is a little disappointing as we were hoping to avoid disposables this time around, but it's not the end of the world. I have given this 4 stars because I haven't been able to actually try them out due to the fact they do not fit newborns as advertised. Due to the size of these diapers, I anticipate we won't get to use them for at least another few months. I will update my review when we get a chance to use them.
Very absorbent and soft and good price, just wish I would've gone for a more natural fabric choice that breathes a little better but I just use them at night. Cleans easily. Again I just use it for night and it's perfect for that but they may move around a little too much if you wore them during the day?
They work fine they're little harder to get out than to put in but I guess that's the point of them
Only complaint is that it's battery operated only for the sound machine and vibration. Both were much needed for a newborn. Very disappointed that it didn't come with a plug option. Otherwise it looks great and great quality.
It's a good product, it slides a but more than I would like and the suction isn't as strong but it's super easy to use and clean.
I wish these came in a cuter design. These were a better paci for our little one that gagged on most other brands.
Works good, fair amount of storage
This monitor works great and has clear sound and picture. The only draw back is the very short battery life of the monitor if not plugged in
Baby has yet to sleep on it. Noticed when it was on the floor and my toddler was jumping on it, the plastic outer layer maybe loud and annoying and uncomfortable to sleep on.
I needed a smaller booster as I'm now going to be fitting 3 across. This seemed like a good choice. It's light weight. The color is beautiful! (We have turquoise). It's easy to maneuver for kids. The ONLY flaw I have is the seat belt path. Unlike most seat belts, this requires you to go under the arm rest for your lap and then over for the chest piece. My kids are not use to this and it's taken a few reminders to get it right. I could see a parent who does not look at the instructions using wrong. Besides this, wonderful car seat! May actually buy another for my second car.
Love this pillow for myself. My baby doesn't care very much for it. Average price.
Soaks up, doesn't run off. One of our favorites in the house.
Nice car seat. My son was happy with the design. I am happy that it had a cup holder and a storage draw.
Very convenient when on the go
Love this look forward to using it in the photos of the newborns I take pictures of.
The plate is well made of good quality material. I gave it 4 stars because it does not stay in place nearly as well as another brand we own. It is a great size for most high chair trays, but it is too large for my space saving chair tray. I could not find the dimensions in the description. Perhaps they could be added. I plan to use it for dining out.
I had always wanted one of these! The price is very reasonable and the variety of colors displayed are numerous. There is no rhyme or reason to the variety of stars (no constellations or planets) but the stars are pretty anyway. Only one cord adaptor was included in the purchase, and that one was an adaptor that could be plugged into a computer...which would definitely limit what room it could be used in. It would have been nice to have a choice of two adaptors. I had to purchase, on my own, a wall adaptor. The timer can be set for 5 to 99 minutes, which I love! A must buy!
Nice. A bit pricey. If you live in TX or near there you may get a better price at a local place.
Love this product. The first night we used it out son slept 6 hours (previously only sleeping 2) and he slept in his bassinet (previously sleeping in bed with us). The second night he slept 8 hours!!! He's been sleeping that long ever since. I should of given 5 stars but I feel like there needs to be diaper change access. It's a little hard to get baby in and out of and when you just need to do a quick diaper change it can be a pain to get baby in and out. However, this product has been a God send and has saved our sanity because we are finally getting sleep.
4.5 stars! I have bought two of these. There were two reason I decided on the Britax Boulevard. 1. It was rated as one of the easiest car seats to install properly. 2. It has an ARB (Anti Rebound Bar) I've read articles that state that the number one cause of injuries to children in carseats is because the car seat is not installed properly. So #1 was extremely important to me. I have had limited experience with other brands, but I can say that the ClickTight helps get the car seat much tighter much easier than some other models. My only issue is that the base of the car seat is pretty wide and therefore can make it very difficult to reach the tether that is used when utilizing the anchors in the car. Some cars are easier than others, but that is probably the only time consuming part of installing and removing the seat. The strap on the tether is difficult to loosen which makes things harder. The only other negative i have to say is that you have to recline the seat before installing. That may be standard for all car seats, but I found that annoying considering how difficult the seat is to remove and loosen when already installed. That is the only reason i give it a .5 star below a 5. My son was very comfortable in this seat almost immediately... I saw a huge difference in his comfort when comparing to the infant only car seat. Overall, for a convertible car seat, I would highly recommend this one.
The directions that came with the crib for assembly, were completely wrong. It was not as easy to put together as expected. Other than, the crib is great and is good for small spaces.
Very stretchy! I wish it was a bit longer but it worked well.
So this is very good particularly if you are using a product like Similac sensitive that gets foamy. This cuts way down on any bubbles that may appear. The product also makes for no mixing in the middle of the night. You can just pour and heat or pour and feed depending on what temperature you feed your baby at. The downfalls are that you need to really pay attention when mixing. You are using a lot of formula so it's important to count the scoops. It's easy to get distracted and then wonder how many scoops you've used. Second you could never fill this to max. Even at 30oz the formula spills over the top a little if you mix too vigorously. So although it says it holds so many ounces unless you are mixing with a spoon don't count on that.
Good investment for any phone today
Received as expected!
The only thing is you have to store it without pressure on the air bladder. I was draping it over a container and the shape of the bladder changed and no longer made a good seal. Also the child head has to ro lifted io or tipped back to avoid water leakage. After laying visor flat without pressure on it, the bladder went back to original position after a week or 2 so still able to use it.
I love this cover. It is super soft and stretchy, plus it's very cute. Unfortunately my stitching is already coming apart after 2.5 weeks of use. Perhaps I just got one with faulty stitching.
Love the vibrant colors, perfect size for my 2 year old. Even my 10 year old using them. So far they are very durable, holding up well to constant use
Ripped after one use but have used many times since and has held up well
Giving this cup holder 4 stars because of the price! Otherwise, an obvious must have accessory for the uppababy vista.
My son loves these cups! Be careful if you have a biter, though! My son has bit through 2 of the nipple parts. Otherwise, these are great!
these were perfect infant crib shoes for him to stand up and cruise in. once he started walking we switched to hard sole but they were fantastic. they seemed to get worn fast but since they grow out of them quickly i doubt thats a problem
Came with dent in mirror - distorts image so defeats purpose a bit
Baby loves it. Could have more traditional songs tho
My son loves this seat so much. I didn't know it made noise when I bought it. He really enjoys pushing the buttons and sitting on the potty with this seat. 4 stars because the urine guard was actually in the way most of the time.
Looks nice and is good sized. However, the holder for the wipes has already ripped after 2 months of use and when you put a small stack of wipes, it does not close. The closing strap needs to be long and the magnet needs to be stronger.
The material was not as sturdy as it could have been, but it suits ots purpose.
UPDATE: after using these once, they were much easier to open! I also received 4-5 replacement kids after contacting them about missing two with my order! They came within a couple days so I was very satisfied. :) I just got these and I'm sure they will work great but I broke a sweat just trying to open them. Which says the seal is good I guess. And then I began filling them and realized I was short 2 lids. 😒 Now I get to try to figure out to get two more kids.
These really do work but I feel like they are pricey! The new adhesive helps keep them in place which is a bonus. Since I started buying these we don't have leaks at night.
Love it but the speakers broke after 1 month
I wish it was medical grade silicone but it's cute and does the job!
Colors aren't exact, but they still looked really cute on my daughter. She always received complements. These worked well too, has good lining to protect most soakings.
Very good quality, my son loves them
This was a wonderful backpack.
I loved everything about this diaper bag!
They stick well to the windows and are very cute.
I've had this for about a month and it's holding up pretty good. I haven't used the spoons the came with it yet but the bowl is my go-to for my infant's meals. The only thing that's worrying me is the color is somewhat fading and i have been washing the bowl by hand without using any abrasive cleansers. Definitely better than plastic bowls (toxic) though. Will repurchase if needed.
It works like a normal pop up toy. Yes - the music is not recognizable until the very end of the theme, but it's still cute. Some of the other reviews had mentioned that they couldn't get the Mickey to stay down after he popped up - we found that you have to hold the lid down and then turn the handle, then it will lock into place. It also has one little dent in it - but nothing severe.
I found it a bit heavy but it looks stunning , it's well Made and has a lot of space. I receive many compliments on it.
I don't know how well it glides yet but works good on hard wood. Hard to turn. Still like it.
It's exactly as pictured, good quality and everything. I'm just bummed there's only 4.
Read more carefully than I did. These bags are not for pumping directly into as there is no way to attach them to the adapter. You have to pump into a bottle first then dump in this bag. Would be great for freezer storage.
It works, but I wish it were larger in width. It is cool how it tells me when the car is "hot". The bottom piece has fallen off the window, but that is ok.
I took away a star because I cannot, for the life of me, ever get it to even remotely stay on my son's hand for more than 10 seconds. Other than that, it's perfect for teething, and I love that it's crinkly!
It is smaller then i thought.
Nice bags. Wished they had a white area to write on. Ended up switching to lansinoh.
I have wanted one for so long and unfortunately the battery doesn't seem to last very long but it's a beautiful light!
I did a lot of research on this style. I wanted one that wasn't as bulky as mine, but still had plenty of room to carry enough for 2 kids plus my essentials. I love that it has an extra compartment in the front. Most that I looked at didn't have this. I also really like that you can access the inside from a zipper in the back and has the extra cell phone compartment. (I actually use it for my wallet.) I'm not super impressed with the insulated pockets, though. My kids' milk cups barely fit in them, and it's very hard to zip once they are. The insulation part has also come loose and slides down. Other than that, my only complaint is that I wish the inside liner was a darker color. I already have a stain from my sister's drink spilling into it which isn't a big deal, it would have just not been as noticeable if it wasn't so light. All in all, very pleased with my purchase especially for the price!
Thought it was for a toddler not an adult
Love the Kiinde system and love the convenience of pumping directly into these bags. I just wish they froze better. The caps on them make it impossible to get a flat freeze.. well I haven't had any luck in that area anyway. Other then that, these bags and the Kiinde system work perfectly!
Works good and fast. I knocked off a star because the tray does not fit an avent bottle so i have to use the warmer without the lifting tray/top ring, but honestly its no big deal
Fits well with three small kids in the back seat. Hard to keep inflated after a while.
These are great bibs for the price. I love the patterns and they are nice and big. The only complaint I have is that they aren't super absorbent with my drooly boy. I have to change bibs frequently, but that is not such a big deal since you get so many at a low price!
I have not used Mama Koala before, but have used other, pricer, brands. From the looks of these they will be perfect for when little guy gets here. So much so, that I ordered another set. My only complaint is that I wish they came with two inserts per diaper. Other retailers are selling the same brand for the same price with 2 to 1. I would trade the cute presentation for more inserts.
Excellent customer service and quick responses
I love turning the light on at night for my girl. She isn't a fan of the dark car. Also the button has a flashlight on it which makes it easy for me to shine and see her at night time.
It's kind of awkward to put on my son. But it does work....until my husband stretch it out with his big head. Now we have to hold it on my son and pour water. Thinking of buying another one. The shipping just takes a while.
Used this mattress topper to try and move my baby out of my bed and into her crib. Laid down in it with her and was surprised at how comfortable it is. It's way nicer than my bed! Although it did not make the transition any easier like I thought it would. She did vomit all over this one night and it was super easy to clean and the waterproof cover held up nicely. Overall happy with my purchase!
Baby girl LOVES this bouncer. It's nice for her to have something else to do besides roll on the floor all day. It's not very easy to store. You have to take all the toys off and even then it's enough of a pain to fold that we just leave it up. Overall I'm very happy with the purchase.
Loved this for my newborn! So comfy for both of us. He feels secure in it. It's the look and comfort of a wrap carrier with more structure. Now that he's 3 months old and wanting to look out more I'm hoping to find something else that faces out as this one is not made for that
You have to move it every time you enter the car, but it is ok!
The rattle is cute. The sound is light and my granddaughter likes it. However the shaft could be a little more narrow making it easy to grab.
Flimsy and went bad quickly.
The pillow is cute and soft. It's my fault for not paying attention to the size. It's so small. Could be a throw pillow on my toddlers bed. I'm not giving all stars because honestly the price for the size of this pillow is ridiculous, especially having to also purchase a pillow case for the same price.
Wasn't long enough in back but to cover undercarriage but kept the kids dry.
It holds a good amount of diapers but it will bend at top because of the weight.
I got both colors. The black one I don't recommend as it leaves tiny black lints that can go in with the pumped milk. I didn't find the issue with the pink one.
Mehhhh, this doesn't really suction to my bathtub and it's an awkward shape where my kid can still walk around without the nonslip mat even surrounding all the edges of my tub. I get a little nervous when using this as it doesn't suction well and the shape is so awkward
The bath towel is very soft which is perfect for my newborn, It absorbs the water super fast. The washcloths are really thin. I use them whenever baby needs light wiping. Being thin and light, the towel dries quickly .
Works just as described. I can fit avent soothie pacifier very well in the case. Im not sure how reliable the clasp closure will be over time but for now it works well.
Light but still able to swaddle my granddaughter ❤
Good quality and large size. Perfect for changing pads and other uses. Machine washable and easy to clean.
Cute bed; my grandson loved it. The mattress, separately sold, sits directly on the floor. No need for side rails for a toddler because it is low to the floor. Decals are ok to apply as long as you are careful and take your time. It took about an hour to assemble the whole thing.
I have one child I am slowly potty training and an 11month old. I have wanted to go cloth for a long time but have been reluctant to do so. I am glad that my first experience with cloth diapers has been positive.
My wife and baby girl love it , they wear around the house when they are cooking together and playing. it is great let baby girl be close to mom and mom still able to get things done. It is a little small for for me , I'm a big guy ( 40in waist ) but I still can wear it just have to pull out to it limits.
Great idea ... just wish it was slightly more rom for baby's fingers inside as well as the Velcro being more tough. Baby keeps on taking it off somehow.
We've been using them more as burp-cloths than washcloths but they are good for both.
I have the graco 4 in 1 carseat this product is good for traveling like airports and cruises,,,, that's is why I gave it 4 stars..... But for every day use too much,,, you have to latch the anchor of the carseat to the car than hook the seatbelt underneath the carseat.... When you want to use your click and go stroller you have to unlatch everything and the seat belt from underneath the carseat,,, Hook the back anchor to the click and go make sure the carseat is level right,,, with the click and go stroller.... I gave it a 4 and not a 5 because it is too much work for bigger carseats...
I love the bag. It is super cute and the perfect size for a diaper bag. I baby wear via front carry wrap, so having a backpack style bag works so well to haul baby gear. Side note, mine came minus the accessories, which was disappointing. I didn't want to return the whole bag to Amazon just to get those two items.
I like the idea of a non-toxic chalk for my toddler and these are OK. A bit crumbly and there's one shade that doesn't show up well as other reviewers have said but we've enjoyed the other vibrant shades.
This is a great sectioned plate for toddlers. They stick well to the counter tops and plastic. They don't stick so well to our wooden high chairs but I also wasn't expecting them to stick at all.
I really like this cup and plate. I think the paper and the straw were kind of a waste but worth everything else. I wish the straw wasn't made of paper so it would last longer then 1 year.
I bought inspite of reviews that it doesn't stick well. The reason partly could be the way they are packaged, all folded up. I let it flatten out by placing few heavy books on top for a while. It now sticks better but our wall also has a sort of faint texture, not sure how long it will stay stuck. Will update if things change.
Great for car seat cover and nursing cover....not so great for blocking winter wind the fabric is fairly thin.
Very cute item. Yes, it may be made of plastic but seems to be durable. I think it's a great product for the price.
I liked how portable the pad was; it will not take up much space in the diaper bag! The thickness is fine, also. My only complaint is that I wish it was a bit wider and longer. It may be tough to use with older babies. Right now, it is fine for my 4-month old granddaughter.
Breastfed baby took this bottle on the first try! I love the squishy design and that the nipple separates from the lid for thorough cleaning. Unfortunately, the lid leaks after heating in the bottle warmer and I haven't been able to identify why this is happening in all four bottles I own. It's not a huge amount leaking out after warming but still awful to see some breastmilk going to waste. I will keep using these bottles because I appreciate the other features.
I bought the two-pack of these seat belt retaining clips to keep the belt a little loose from the automatic tensioner. They work fine, but I had to "double the belt up" a little since it still slid through the lock. Even with that, it is still a good, simple solution and I would buy again.
Cute. The Velcro is easy to unsnap which is very convenient when taking off a sleeping baby. The border seemed to curl a little after washing and drying. Kind of thin material but overall a great buy.
I do love the playtex bottles! But the drop-ins itself have a little more to it. The 8oz drop ins are a little harder to push all the air out if your not filling the bottle or if u have shorter fingers. They can break if you apply sharp force, like a finger nail. & They are not advised to be put in the microwave. In all, its to be expected. & Worth it if your little one has any tummy issues.
We use Dr Brown bottles & thought maybe if she had a pacifier that had the same nipple she might use it. It does have the same nipple as the bottle, but she won't use it. Love that it is super easy to clean, the nipple is not sealed so soapy water doesn't get trapped in there. Silicon does attract hair & lint like a magnet, but never gets a funky smell. Since she won't use it I can't say if it is durable, but it looks like it would be.
I bought these for my 2 year old granddaughter so she can build when she spends time with me. The blocks are easy for a toddler to work with.
I bought this as a gift for my friends baby shower. They loved it and said they will use this for every milestone and post pictures of it on insta and fb.
The pacifiers all have a sharp ridge where the two sides of the mold meet and it can be very uncomfortable. Otherwise i love this product.
For most part, as described and pictured. Just be aware that the handles on the rattles are hard plastic. The tops are soft. Bright and cute colors.
Only disadvantage is that you need a screwdriver to replace batteries. I bought this for Disney and luckily one of the kiosks had a screwdriver to replace the batteries. Something to keep in mind if planning for travel. Otherwise wonderful for children in strollers!
Wouldn't be able to clean my bottles without them
The pillow is really soft great material perfect for baby
Perfect for toddlers!
I like this a lot it's really nice to have 3 separate containers for formula instead of having to unscrew the dispenser and put it on another section. Only have this 4 stars because it was a lot bigger then expected thankfully I carry a big diaper bag anyways. This is also going to be good for snacks
Ok, so these lasted 1 day and 0 uses.... My husband put them in the microwave sterilizer..... :O Obviously... They melted being that they have metal in them .. Do not stick them in the microwave sterilizer....... Lack of sleep..... Has you doing dumb stuff! We ordered another set and they are working aok!
This works great for our bath tub. It help keeps the toys organized.
Bought the 9oz bottles once then reordered to get more but received 4oz instead. Waiting on replacement. This is the first time is YEARS that I have ever received the wrong product so will still give four stars.
Nice but bigger than what I was looking for.
These are great and haven't faded like a prior magnet. However people seem to drive worse when behind me I think since putting this on. I drive the same as I did before baby and when baby isn't in car and they immediatly tail gate me. That's why I only did four stars.
It took my Toddler a few tries to get use to it . But she got it , now she uses it everyday without anything problem.
Great storage option for toys! And fits my son's room theme. Be careful not to over fill it because then the lid won't sit right. But besides that it's great!
The arm band broke on the child's wrist side. The adult wrist on the harness is too small. Fast Delivery
So far I've only used the magnetic latches for the kitchen cabinets. I especially like the fact that I did not have to screw them in. The adhesive is very strong. I sometimes forget that they are childproof so I Yank on the handle but have not ripped them out yet.
My toddler loves it. Seems good quality.. only reason I didn't so 5 stars is the small pocket zipper is hard to use and keeps getting the lining stuck in it
Fabric not as soft as expected, but its ok
I love this frog potty for public areas and even at home. One downfall is that one of the tabs that fold down to keep the seat on the toliet broke off and got flushed. It still works perfectly fine!
It was a bit smaller than I thought, but it's still a really cute little backpack. It's for my little niece for Christmas
too much for what it says it does. but still deserves a 4 star
My daughter loved this mosquito net! She felt like a little princess! The plastic pieces that came with the net to hold the net up was of poor quality, but easily fixable. That was my only complaint.
Nice, dainty baby book. Some of the pages are odd, like vaccination records. The pages that I don't feel like completing, I'll just cover with pictures. Plenty of pages at the end to include extra pictures or fun stuff.
Love these cubes. Wish they had lids tho.
Seems durable and good quality. Smaller than expected. A little small for the price
Perfect for my small dog, however a few improvements can be made and it will be perfect...the adhesive hooks..I had to replace those with another product, command hooks made this product better. I also had to make a few changes to make it a better fit at the top of my steps. Other than that the gate quality is a five itself which is why I gave 4 stars. The price I did give a 3 stars because I had additional cost of the command strips. I hope this helps the company and anyone looking for a product like this.
Box came damaged and product had a crack in the leg. I was able to fix it and put the crib together. Overall it's sturdy and it was fairly easy to assemble.
Works like a charm on or drawers, our pop top trash can, our refrigerator, cabinets etc! The adhesion is starting to loosen after only 1.5 months on garbage can one but that's probably because is sticking to plastic and my son pulls at it a lot, but for the price it is a great great product! I would buy these again and recommend them to anyone, especially parents. My son can't figure out how to open them and he tries a lot. He's a very bright 16 month old now. Just might have to replace it after a couple months if it's on a plastic surface but wood etc it works amazing, super easy installation, and it works on almost anything you need baby proofed! Wish I bought just these instead of a baby kit I wasted money on a while back that was very hard to setup and half the products didn't really work. These work for everything! N I don't see my son figuring out how's to open them anytime soon!
I like the concept of it and my son could hold it but he kept hitting his nose on the center and made it leak all over his face . Then when he figured out how to do it became a game to press the lid in the wrong spot so it leaked everywhere. I don't blame the cup for i blame my very curious and creative toddler for figuring out how to make it “fun”.
They work but after time they decrease its value making your booty look soggy other than that they work lol
If you're literally a cow this is for you! I had no idea what to do with myself after the birth of my son and just happened to stumble upon these on amazon. God are they worth it! I was leaking about 6oz a day alone and these helped me around the house and was able to wear them underneath my nursing bra. They help out the most between feedings and pumping. You do have to empty them quite often but that depends on your flow. I did have some trouble with it leaking but I just tightened up my bra one click and it solved the problem.
I sleep so much better know this is on. We have had two red alerts due to low oxygen but baby was breathing and was fine so we aren't sure why it alerted. All in all worth it. However the app that tracks and keeps data is ridiculously expensive.
This is really a very good sensor light. It works great. It is bright enough for a small room. The sensor works just perfectly. The soft white LED is very pleasant. The only downside I see is, it requires 3 AAA batteries and I'm not sure about the longevity of the battery life, that is why giving 4 stars. I will change my review to 5 stars after watching the battery life. This is a must to have product, definitely recommend it.
Works well for our trip to Colorado. Zipper feels heavy duty and stitching on the bag is holding up great. Protected the carseat and give us extra space to pack jackets, shoes, and clothes. Saved us money on additional baggage fee!
Works great, and doesn't take up too much room. If you lose the book with the cooking times, I'll give you a hint. Everything is 15 minutes.
Works good! I just wish it was easier to set up. The straps can be kind of difficult.
These are really awesome pads. I switched to cloth pads last month. These are a little thicker than other pads you can choose which makes them nice for heavier days. This is a long size so if you want shorter pads, go with the regular size. Charlie banana also makes liners. I recommended these pads if you're going to switch. Great coverage and super comfortable compared to other brands.
It's a great way to get some fruits and veggies into my kids when they take their thermos. I like it. pretty pricey for the size, though. The full size is only a few dollars more.
Soft and very well designed.
Overall, it's a good straw cup. My baby likes drinking water via this straw cup. It's easy for her to grab and hold. Plus, she can drink water in different positions. The only thing that I don't like is that it takes time to clean the staw.
Fragile. But, easy to clean.
These diapers are super soft and gentle to the touch. Good, natural materials. I also love the colorful designs. One issue I have is that now that the baby is growing and moving around a lot, there is increasing tendency for these diapers to slip off or to the side, which results in leaks.
Works as a good slight incline. Only gave it 4 stars because it doesn't quite fill out, width wise, against the bassinet.
Handle is great, twist top, and a lid.... BUT the flaps are just too rigid. Easy enough to push hand through, not so easy to get hand out.
Cons: no ability to control light via blue tooth. Some controls only available on remote. pros: bright, several different lighting options to make this work for me I purchased a separate smart plug that I can use to set turn off timers. Implementation could be a bit better, but works pretty well with the added plug.
No instructions for how to install.
I like the color of the bag but the look of the bag could be a little more stylish. Overall, the bag provides enough storage space for all the necessities.
THE BEAR CAME WITH A WHOLE IN IT AND WOULD LIKE TO HAVE ANOTHER ONE SENT
The black one is a better shape for her little mouth, the other one is ok.
Very comfortable. I love that it is smaller than other nursing pillows so my toddler can sit with me during daytime feeds
Love MAM products Not vented like most of thier bottles are, or as "sturdy".
It is not spill proof. I would liked it better if plastic cover was also silicone.
I can't wait to try this with my baby. It looks promising . Feels very nice
Still waiting on our grandbaby to be born to put this super cute bassinet to use, only think negative to say at this time is that the name is misleading as the bassinet itself does not rock.
Works great, we use it multiple times a week for our daughter.
It is very easy to use and I can collect a few oz while feeding baby without pulling out the electric pump.
This product is light weight and allows me to see my daughter while feeding. It is a little see through
It came just in time! It was perfect for my daughter's hip condition! However the hip strap is one size it and it doesn't fit on my hips. But I was able to get it on my waist and it hold my baby just right.
These nursing pads are great! I did notice if I keep them in for too long, they start to leak through . But that's when I just grab another pair!
Good value and well made
Very floppy. Would've preferred it to have a more sturdy bottom.
Good quality. Overall great product, only complaint is how thin the pad is.
Love this frame and the ink kit is very easy to use. It won't get your little ones hands or feet dirty. I wish this frame came in more color options. Also this frame can only be hung, it doesn't come with the back part to let it stand on a table surface, it only has the little bracket to hang it. The overall quality is very good, I would recommend this frame and kit.
Great cup if child is laying down to drink.
These are great but my kids figured out how to open them
a great find. the price is better than most out there. the quality is excellent. stays in place and protects from little feet.
This mat is great for our young infants but the older infants take it apart.
For being made out of plastic, this thing is awesome-the built in step stool and handles give my kids independence and they are excited to use this!
I really love this sleep sack for my (tall) 11 month old -- it's perfect now that it's getting colder and very well made. We are in Northern California so our house drops a good 10 degrees between bedtime and morning and on colder nights she's warm and snuggly wearing this and a long sleeved onsie. It has tons of room to grow into, too. The only reason for knocking off a star is the fabric on the top to fold over the zipper isn't quite big enough so the zipper winds up creeping out and she sometimes plays with it, increasing the chance that, as she gets older, she may figure out how to unzip it. A simple change to make the flap bigger or add a snap tab over the zipper would solve it. Regardless, I'm buying a second one! Can't beat the price as well.
Rough to assemble as many other reviewers reported. Sturdy once together. Used for 1 week so far and the only thing I don't like is that the changing surface fabric is not as taut right where baby's head goes so head ends up lower which is problematic for my reflux prone infant. Placed a folded up towel for baby's head to rest on helps some. Overall solid changing table for the design and price if you also need the portability.
Small, sturdy and packable, but a bit heavy.
This product has been a time saver for me. I highly recommend but I don't know why sometimes my baby powdered milk spoils. Any advice or tips... Nevertheless... AWESOME Product!!!
Cute, but checks are not as solid as I had hoped.
Works fine. I feel like the prong to push the button could be placed further down on the end to click easier. Slight hassle to finagle it around a toddlers legs.
This is my son's 2nd the 1st was a gift. Love it except 1st had a bulb go out after about a year and you can't get replacements. So we bought him another.
Works as advertised.
Got one for my 8 year old. It looks really cool. She likes it.Idk it breaks if you accidentally drop it on a hardwood floor.
Nice looking laundry hamper
I like this basket and it solves my issue of where to put my bed pillows when turning in for the night.
This glider looks very nice and I absolutely love it! It came on 2 pieces which was super nice and easy! It is quite comfortable but for someone a bit taller it may not be as comfy. Overall it's a really nice piece for our nursery and looks absolutely beautiful! I definitely recommend purchasing the matching glider...it makes the comfort level even better! The quality, appearance, and comfort of this is above expectations for the price.
Good cover, my toddler not able to open but easy for me to open. The only issue is that I could only get thin wire out from opening. To get thick wire of an extension out I had to cut the opening.
We ordered this monitor in February and actually used it now for about 4 months. All of a sudden it won't charge. We plug it in and absolutely nothing. We twist it around and propped it up and nothing seems to work. I have no idea what happened, very disappointed as I really liked this monitor outside of this and planned on purchasing more cameras to pair with it as the baby grew. Now I can no longer use this monitor.
I am writing a review because of all the 1 star reviews saying they are too small. They are supposed to be small. For newborn diapers. They fit perfectly in the Thank u mom pocket newborn diapers. I went with these because they were cheap. Update... I double up at night for leak prevention
So far so good. A bit thicker than a panty liner. I guess you trade some comfort for the bulk of washable material. Not a deal-breaker.
Lovely caddy bag. It's a must kind of caddy for every parent with lil ones
highly absorbant, not too fragrant.
Very easy to put in the socket. Very difficult to remove. Works for baby proofing the electrical outlets. This seems very useful when baby is crawling around with a fork and putting the fork in every open hole in the wall. (We don't give our baby a fork, but that's cool if you do...)
The kids like their new cups. Easy to clean. No leaks so far.
This is a nice dresser, however it takes forever to put together. The dresser came in multiple pieces and has 186 screws... ( this is the only reason I am giving this item 4 stars instead of 5) Of course, I love that it was an amazon prime item and shipping is always fast.
baby loves it and it I love that it keeps her occupied and happy. only downside are the crumbs getting stuck in the swivel mechanism. Totally worth the $60 I paid!
Yes, it is a bit pricey. Not thrilled about that. I actually thought this was the brand I own, but it is not. It fit well enough though. Had to make adjustments on the ottoman to accommodate though. Thank goodness for a handy husband. Overall, I love the new life it gives the chair as well as the overall room. Cheerful pattern and comfy too. Delivered quickly and without damaged box.
One if pictures shown in advertisements shows an ink pad. I assumed it came with it. I didn't. Now I am driving all over town trying to find a green ink pad.
The signal range and battery life is much better than my old one and it's crystal clear even in the middle of the night!
Put the lid on BEFORE putting the straw in the cup! 😉
These are very colorful set but I wish they were softer. They shrunk a bit after a few wash and dryer on low heat. Definitely worth the $
Best price. No bells and whistles but gets the job done.
I have only used these couple of times and they seem to do a really good job in cleaning the pump parts esp.if you are on the go
Very cool my daughter will love it
This bed is very cool looking. Assembly started off very easy, but when I went to attach the side rails, the holes did not line up at all and I had to make new holes. Until this point, assembly was quite simple. My son loves this bed and it looks great...but was a bit annoying to get side rails to fit properly.
I've used it once and overall think it's fine. I like that it's stretchy material so I can pull it up over my son's car seat. I wish it had a strap in the front so I can pull it down and block the sun from coming down through the front. I'm sure I'll find a way of using it that works for us and I like it well enough so far. I like that it's bendy material as well so I can fold and store it away.
Soft cover, soft material, can grow with baby
I'm super sensitive to smells, and we need to keep it in our small laundry room. I just think it doesn't contain the smells that well.... My daughter is 1 1/2 so we've got some pretty yucky diapers. We ended up putting it right outside the door in the garage, and it's fine there. I like that I don't have to touch it. I love the bagging system (that's why we bought it, the other bags were stupid expensive). Looks nice, super easy to use
Love mam and all their products. Only reason I gave 4 star was I ordered the glow in dark pink and purple stars pacifiers and got a bird and bunny one which isn't as cute or bright as the ones I ordered.
Loved this cover! The convertible Britax car seat fit perfectly and the wheels rolled beautifully. On the return flight the zipper did open a bit but nothing to get upset about.
I used this awesome dresser as custom built in drawers in my bedroom to closet conversion project. It's solid wood, paintable and no one would ever know it's a dresser the way I built it in! I love this quality piece of furniture.
Bought it for a gift. She loved it. Be aware that it is plastic.
I bought these for my then 11 month old to start drinking water out of a straw cup and to get her used to it so we can transition out of baby bottles in the future. The colors are gorgeous and quite adorable. They remind everyone of a dinosaur when they look at it. It's easy to take apart and clean all the parts. The annoying part is lining up the straw with the mouth area so when they get down to the remaining liquid, it'll be sucked up easier. I also didn't like that the straw leaks a bit of fluid when you close the cap. Other than that, my daughter took to this cup quite fast and was easy for her to hold and sip. It took some time before she stopped drooling and dribbling all the water that came out of the straw. It definitely is fairly leak proof. This bottle has been dropped a few times and nothing came out. She likes to flip the top of the straw so the water in there splashes her. I plan to use this for milk as well.
My baby loves these mitts. She's 5 months old and not able to hold on to other teething toys for long. I am able to velco these on and she loves them. It took a couple times before she liked having them on her hands. Now she gets excited when she sees them. The crinkle sounds they make are great too. Plus a super value, two for the same price as the chain store
I love these bags. The fact they lay flat is nice for larger storage. I'm stocking up for when I go back to work so I'll take several and put them in gallon freezer bags for extra protection.
Super soft material. I feel like it's a little expensive, but definitely happy with the quality of the product so far.
Very pretty, looks just like the picture. Easy to clean too
I would recommend this, my baby wouldn't sleep in his crib after going from his bassinet so I bought this to make it softer and it worked. he loves it, the only thing I don't like about it is its shorter than the crib and regular crib mattress so theres a big gap at the other end of the crib and he likes to roll down there and then he gets stuck (he is 6 months)
This is a great tray to put homemade baby food in. It is easy to get the cubes out as long as it is done within a few hours of being put in the tray. I store the cubes in a freezer bag once formed.
I'm giving this 4 stars because the 6 collars came in the plastic shipping bag loose, without any packaging, I thought that was odd. They are Medela genuine parts though.
I liked how tall it was so my 2 year old and her pillows dont fall off. Only thing we hate about it is that its pink and not grey or black to match my daughters room
I wish the camera was more adjustable regardless of where it was mounted and also wish the camera would flip if it was hung upside down like a phone
This lamp was easy to install. We added a switch at the wall plug so that we could turn it on and off. Otherwise, plug is the only way to turn on and off. It's too bad there isn't a switch on the cord. Overall it is very cute and does the job we need it to do!
Good scale, light and easy to use!
I love the color of this chair and it's comfort level, but it's not easy to carry. When you close the chair, the strap is found at the bottom so the chair flips over. It's rather long, not short in length when closed. As you're walking it hits your calves which eventually makes you grab it from a different angle. Tried to adapt the strap but it can't be removed without breaking it. So, I left it as is. Other than that, it's a great beach chair. Wish that it would recline more though.
We've used it for the past 3 months and haven't had any issues. As expected it's basically a chalk board surface on particle board. Wanted a better color palate for the chalk so we didn't use the included ones. The chalk is easy to remove with water, noticed an occasional residual image of the removed text. It shows well in the milestone pictures. Size was as expected. Nothing fancy but gets the job done
Stick out a little more than I thought but otherwise good for what it is.
Easy to install but too expensive.
It would seem like a higher quality item if 2 pieces of foam were glued to the grip, instead of shipping a long piece with it. We attached it to a wheelchair and it held up through the recovery time, getting bumped etc. It didn't like like it in the pictures, but it was easy to fit cups like a Contigo in and out of it.
I have been wanting one of these for a while now and so happy with it. It literally reads instantly when running across your forehead. It's easy to use, great digital reading and bag to keep it in. I think this will be a great gift for family and friends.. Something we all need and use...
Was looking for actual sleeves for his first hair clipping to a place to put his umbilical cord, ect. However, the book is very well put together.
We bought a few of these frames as gifts. They are nice and look great. One small nuisance is that the pins that hold the hinges together keep falling out.
Wish they were sold in single packs. Love this shaving cream though
Seems on the shorter side. Wish it was a little longer
I like these dividers and I'll keep and use them, however, they were SO much smaller than I had anticipated. Next time, I'll pay closer attention to the sizing details. They're *almost* too tiny to be useful.
Convenient. Just wish there was a better way to mark off after each use. ...where I didn't have to use a marker. Update: red tabs always falling off.
smaller than I thought it would be ( I don't think I read the dimensions) But it ended up being a great size for my daughters cot at pre-school.
I have been using this in my living room to lay my little one down to nap while I get some things done around the house! Planning to use it for travel soon. It's so easy to move and light weight. My only worry is the sides, not sure if I would use it for over night sleeping because of the lack of mesh.
Really helped in saving a diaper change. Wish they were a bit longer and thicker.
They are what I wanted
Great for covering icky carts and high chairs. Just doesnt always fit the greatest and hard to fasten on the side. But useful so would buy again.
These were a tad smaller than I expected but they are good quality! I can't wait to try them out! With my first baby, his head would flop all over in his car seat. This will help I'm sure with the next one!
Make it fun to potty
So far it seems to help with drooling and he isn't as fussy.
I bought this as a gift for a friend based on her registry. It looked as it does in the picture but can't speak to the quality.
I just bought this product last week so I don't know how long it will last but it looks good and covers the whole back seat of my CVR. I like that it also has 3 spacious areas for my kids to put their ride along toys.
My daughter loves this play yard but the speaker stopped working after a month of barely using it, even after changing the batteries. Sometimes it turns on but is very distorted. Sharp play yard though!
I absolutely love the halo swaddle sacks. It helps my little one sleep soundly through the night without being awoken by the startle reflex. These are a lifesaver when you're exhausted and swaddling a blanket gets a little tricky. I gave it only 4 stars because the plastic packaging and swaddle itself smelled as it was soaked in bug repellent. The smell did go away after I washed it.
I had it for my baby girl in pink. A very good product.
So glad we've used this sponge instead of one of those massive plastic tubs. It keeps the kiddo from slipping around too much and must be more comfortable for him, too. I do wish it was easier to clean, sponges are notoriously a hotspot for bacteria, but hey, it's good for developing his immune system, right? I do my best to wring it out as much as possible, and every 5th use or so I spray it down with rubbing alcohol - not sure if that does anything, really, but it makes me feel a bit better.
Very nice set but didn't fit very well. They were a little on the small side.
Very nice set of 7 different card designs with study envelopes. Some of the designs however are very similar and have almost unnoticeable differences unless you really look for it. 3 of the 7 designs could be the same card with different lettering of the word "thank you", and some of the glue on the envelopes leaked out and made the envelopes stick together. Very good for the reasonable price over all
not very large. should say its a medium size stuffed animal
I liked this product a lot. I actually want to pick up some more. I would love to see one that doesn't have sections though.
Easy to install. Lighter weight than most
This is the perfect size for short outings. It has plenty of space for the essentials. I would have given 5 stars if it had come with a shoulder strap and a changing pad. We ordered a shoulder strap and changing pad separately. The side pockets are too small for anything - not a big deal since there is plenty of space inside. Not quite sure how we'll handle taller bottles in the future since they will not stand upright in the bag and the side pockets are too small for a bottle. Regardless, I really like this bag and would order it again.
Color change a bit after first wash, before I fed my baby.
I loved the pattern and still do but, it's sorta difficult to see where my toddler threw his food due to the heavy pattern situation. I wish I had purchased a rubber mat rather than a cloth mat just for easy cleaning purposes. This is a big tarp so it covers a good amount of space around baby boys high chair. We still use this and it work well for the price.
My baby love to bit it but doesn't like to wear like a mitten.
Adorable cup! No issues with leaking, straw is a hassle to take apart and clean.
A little difficult to put together, the side triangle pieces don't fit exactly. Functions great though, and doesn't take up a ton of space. We also like the extra storage it provides! Company was easy to work with when we had a defective part. We sent in a request for a new part and it came in, in less than a week. We were relieved to not have to pack the whole thing back up to return it.
The car seat is not the easiest to use and it takes a lot of time to get the baby buckled in but having nothing to compare to so maybe that just normal. The care seat base is fine (easily snaps into car seat without any issues). The stroller is also fine, although I wish I had bought a stroller with built in front cover like some of the others which are available.
It definitely cut down on the smell of our diaper genie while it was closed. Still smells horrible when you open it, but what can you do? It's a pail of poop diapers. I only use the genie for poopy diapers and we use the regular trash for pee diapers.
Pros . A LOT of space. This bag can hold a ton of stuff, and it has so many pockets! Many of the pockets have elastic around the top, to better hold things like bottles and sippy cups. The main compartment has pockets all the way around the inside, and the two small pockets on the outside on either end of the bag also have elastic that allows them to expand and hold the items in securely. . I easily fit everything that's in my current diaper bag, into this bag. Including: a full 100-count pack of wipes, a handful of disposable diapers, four cloth diapers, a travel-sized wet bag, a sippy cup, a couple of extra outfits, a few toys, the travel changing pad, an entire roll of flushable cloth diaper liners, two burp cloths, a 16-oz bottle of water and a handful of small toys. I put all of that in the main compartment, leaving the waterproof pocket (which I would probably use to put dirty cloth diapers in, while also using the travel wet bag), and the “mommy pocket” empty. I still had more than enough space to put things like my phone, wallet, etc. if I didn't want to carry a purse and a diaper bag. . The main compartment zips on three sides, but it has pieces of fabric that stop it from flapping completely open. This is handy when rummaging around for something, but you don't want your stuff to slide out. And it has two zippers, so you don't have to open it all the way if you don't need to. . Convertible. You can carry this cross-body or over one shoulder with the long strap, as a backpack, or just by the top handle. The long shoulder strap is plenty long enough. And it has small straps that can be used to attach it to the back of a stroller. . The included travel changing pad is a good size, and larger than it seems in the photos. It's as wide as the bag is. . It's a good size - about the size of a backpack or small messenger bag. . The little feet on the bottom that keep the bag itself off of the ground are a nice feature, so you don't have to worry about setting it in anything questionable, or if you have to set the bag down someplace that's bound to be dirty (like a public restroom floor, an asphalt driveway, the sidewalk, etc). . It's a nice-looking bag. The coloring is nice, and I like the pattern. It's hard to find a patterned diaper bag that men wouldn't mind carrying around, too. My husband doesn't have a problem with it, and said he'd carry it. The gray fabric is nice, too. It has visual texture to it. It looks almost like gray denim. I like the fact that it isn't a solid color, which would show grime a lot more. Cons . The bag is heavy, even empty. That was my first thought when I took it out of the box. I thought maybe there was something left in it, but it was just the changing pad. I think it's all of the extra straps. You could take some of them off if you're not going to use them (all of them except for the handle on top are removable), but then what's the point of a convertible bag if you do that? . There's an imperfection in the pattern of the bag I received. It's not a big deal, but it bothers me now that I know it's there. . It's an odd shape for a backpack. It looks like a messenger bag, and I think it looks a little weird when worn as a backpack. But, again, not that big a deal. Wearing it as a backpack means it won't slide forward and get in the way when you bend over, like crossbody bags do. . There are a LOT of straps. This is bound to happen with a convertible bag, though, so there really is no stopping it if you want the versatility of a bag that can be worn many ways. But I think the straps will get in the way if they're all left on the bag all the time. They'd dangle down and get caught on stuff, or you'd end up adjusting and re-adjusting them all the time. The shoulder strap and backpack straps are removable, though, so if you don't need them, you can take them off to get them out of your way. You could carry th
Just as nice as a $50 one I had for my first daughter, with cute colors and bear graphics. My 2+ month old baby isn't quite strong enough to push the buttons on the piano, but she likes the songs and lights it plays. But note, some of the songs are Christmas songs, which we find funny, since it isn't a Christmas themed item!! Hee hee!
To be clear, it's not a safety harness at all. It will not protect your child like a car's seatbelt. But it will restrain your child and keep him/her seated during the flight. I used it on my 16 month old. It was quick to install but hard to tighten the straps. Also, it comes in a little bag for storage. Bottom line: Nothing extraordinary, but it kept my toddler from climbing over seats thereby making toddler travel a bit more manageable.
I really love this bag, the red color is amazing, the pockets are great, and it is comfortable to wear. I think it is missing an attached grab handle and the fabric was not as soft as I thought it would be. I bought another bag in the same price range from another seller on amazon and the material was super soft, this one is a little stiff, but maybe it'll soften over time. Overall, a fabulous bag for a great price.
It was a gift. I hope they liked it as it was on their baby registry.
Think and soft love it
I saw my sister use it with her newborn, and her baby was so cozy with her mama! Can't wait to use it when my baby arrives!
These are decent quality for the price. We definitely like them.
I like it because it was portable Did not like it was a little hard to put on
It's pretty hard to put down hopefully it'll loosen a bit with wear and time otherwise I love it!
It looks nice but light is very less.
We are transitioning our toddler from bottle to cups for milk, so bought these after a fellow mom suggested the brand. It's great overall and my toddler is enjoying drinking out of it. I just find cleaning the drinking spout a but tedious with the small holes.
The stroller is nice the wheels work great. It's perfect size for most baby dolls. Great for the price
If you have an older suburban that does not have anchors, the seat will tip to one side of you are making a sharper turn
These are the cutest things! I love it! Can't soeak on comfort because I'm not wearing it. But baby seems to be ok with it. Lol
Was looking for gates for my dog (a 45 lb pit mix) that were easily removable and that didn't need to be mounted to the wall for when we leave her home alone. Purchased 2 of these tall gates, and they're a great size. They aren't the sturdiest of gates, and our dog walker snapped the handle on one (but I just gorilla glued it back together and it works just fine) so you just need to be gentle when putting up and taking down so the wood doesn't snap. Our dog also manages to knock the gate over a lot (I think our dog walker just doesn't put the gate tight enough) but being a goofy dog, she doesn't understand that she can just step over the gate and get out of her room so even knocked down it still does it's job! Basically, you get what you pay for but if you take care of these and aren't rough on them, I think they'll last us a while for what we need them for.
Very nice blanket, warm. Looks exactly as pictured. Can't wait to use it for my baby.
a little too soft for what I intended to use
Very nice gate, but I wish one could buy separate extensions to add to it. That would make the product far more versatile around the house.
Got for a baby shower gift!! Very cute and well thought out! A little speedier thab most.
Worked great when I was engorged, once I was not filling up as much I had a hard time getting this to keep suction, did not work well staying on when I tried to use on my other side when breastfeeding, its a great concept but only ok in actual use, I never used it on its own, only when feeding
I did not get the Ladybug Cup, I got two swans cups instead.
Seems like urine is coming out of it somewhere and i thought the diapers themselves would be more breathable! But the colors are very cute and bright and I already washed them several times, they seem to be holding good so far!
Son loves these characters!
I really loved this product but the wipe pocket doesn't keep the wipes wet since the security lock fell off almost immediately after I bought it :(
it was ok my son liked it for a little bit. Bought for a long car ride.
Nose Frida works really well and gets a lot of the snot out better then the electric one j used previously. The only thing I've noticed is it makes my son gag and choke everytime I'm trying to suck the snot out.
It's a thick and soft blanket! Cannot wait to use it!
I finally got one. Normally I use a swing which my daughter loves, but way to big to have in the bedroom. Which leads us to this item. The bouncer works great , my daughter seems to like. She has yet to cry in it which is a great thing. The reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because it can't be folded and but away easily. I have to take apart the whole thing and put it away
Product itself is good but the little loops and hooks comes undone so easy I have to put it back in every time
This outfit fit my 3 month old (preemie) nicely. He usually wears 0-3 month sized clothing . The booties were way too big. I used the outfit for our Christmas cards and it was a big hit. Would definitely recommend buying this. Only reason for 4 stars is the fluffy ball at the end of the hat fell off almost immediately. I'm sure if I was handy with a needle and thread it would be an easy fix.
Works great. The angle and design of my faucet makes this tilt back a bit so there's always a little water pooling.
So my complaints are relatively small the overall product works it's a huge space for my 1 year old to run and play without the dogs interfering. Complaints I have are, if it's put together and you try to scoot it or maneuver it in anyway it comes apart, easy to hook back but annoying. The Decorative stickers are ridiculously annoying to place on it and if you mess up and try to take it off they rip. So honestly mine has like 2 stickers on it. Not really important but it is part of the product so you expect it to be some what simple.
These have been working great for our now eleven-month old. He insists on feeding himself (won't let me put anything in his mouth), and these make it possible for him to eat purees. It's also nice to be able to make a bunch at once on the weekend and have them for the week. He is able to use these just fine, and they hold the right amount of vegetables for him. I usually make up 2 and 1/3 cups of puree, and that fills 4 pouches, so a little over 1/2 cup each. The only reason for deducting one star is they are not completely leak proof. If the puree is thick, it's fine, but if it's runny and you leave this on its side overnight, there will be a small puddle in the morning. However, they don't leak fast enough to spill while being consumed - it seems to be a slow seep. Completely fixable by standing them up on their tops when storing in the fridge.
i wasn't sure how to apply this little device. when you buckle up, fold it over both layers (shoulder & lap) of seat belt and snap it in place. then you can slide it across the lap belt bringing the shoulder belt down and away from your neck & chest. no more shoulder belt choking your neck or rubbing against your chest!
Since this is the only choice we had... It's ok. Just hate that the tray comes apart when taken off.
These do the job fine. They're a little bulky and could be somewhat softer but overall good value for money.
Gave as gift and was liked very much
I wish it had been larger.
Works to keep my toddler from getting shoe marks on the back of the seat. It was easy to install.
Omg it's so hard to take down and put back up. You have to tie the polls so hard to move them. That's the only complaint. If you plan on it staying up 24/7 then it's fantastic. But if you need to take it down like at night or if you have animals to let them in the room. You will build up some arm muscles in no time. Lol
I think these are incredibly absorbent. I bought some in 2016 when my 2nd child was born and am ordering more now that my 3rd child is here. I have another set of nursing pads from a different company and they're fabric but they leak through very easily- within minutes. I wear mine with a padded nursing bra so I know that helps with leaking. But these pads are very soft and comfortable and I have found them to be especially comfortable on sore nipples.
takes too long to read
I love the looks and quality of this chair. A little stiff, needs to be broken in . Foot step is a little hard to put down . I love the fabric and I feel like it will last a long time.
Really soft and cuddly, but very loud! It only comes with off or on button so no way to control the volume. My baby loves it, but at nighttime/middle of the night soothing...it's almost so loud it wakes up my other kids sleeping (who are in their rooms). I recommend this toy because it is awesome for the soothing effect, lights and it is so soft. However, just wish there was a way to make it more quiet!
Super cute, easy to assemble, the bright colors really make my baby smile. The only negative is that the Dory puppet came with too small of a loop to fit the ring.
Liked it. Not bad. But price seems little bit high compared to the material.
Cute "rug", but I wouldn't call this a "playmat" as it is a little on the thin side.
Works good. Is very small. Like other people have said the hook does not stick to the wall very well. Mine fell down (thankfully no pee in it!) So I just got a command strip and it's fine now. Spinner does not spin very well. BUT my boys love it so it was worth it.
This car organizer is so life saver Especially when you're mom and doesn't have that much time Helps me to prevent mess and lost things Just put all the baby's stuff in one place which is amazing to me Came with window sun shades as expected! I defiantly recommend this car organizer even as a baby shower gift.
Works wonderfully until your baby knows how to push their feet against the bath tub floor lol.
4 because my daughter liked it but that handle gets in the way since it flips and flops around. Plus you have to put it in right; doesn't fit in either direction like a lot of others do
Thicker better quality than expected
I love this thing. I take everywhere we plan to spend time indoors. You never know how clean a person's floor is and with this thing you don't have to worry about a safe, clean place for your infant to roll around on. And its certainly more comfy to play on than wood or tile. Once my kid could crawl, it's nearly impossible to keep her on it but I still use it to maximize it's potential for keeping my carpets clean. My cat likes to run across it which has resulted in several small holes in it. They don't go all the way through so it still protects baby and floor but it means that the insides are a bit exposed (it's kinda spongey) so when you clean it by any means more intense than a wipe down, it has to dry out a while. I still highly recommend it to anyone. Many people have asked me where to get one and I tell them. It's easy to fold and put away and also to travel with since it comes with a handy carrying case.
They def hold out the pee it seems
My daughter doesn't like it but, it's made well and works.
I really like these, however they can get uncomfortable after a while. I currently alternate between these and breast pads.
Pretty but not comfortable
Excellent space when you have multiple children
My wife really likes it!
Easy to use. Good for the money but I wish the tint was a bit darker or should I say, I wish it kept more sun out.
Always wanted to do this but didn't with our first one. It was a little complicated at first everything turns out great.
To heave for my babies pacifier so we put her toys on it when we leave so she can't throw them. She loves to chew on it too
My daughter loves this but I will say after about a month the zipper started getting a little tricky
Bottles are great.. at times they leak a little bit but work great.
They sent in the wrong colour (Pink instead of grey). Having a boy! Having said that my daughter is still using the pink one I got for her 2 years after
For the cost this is a great changing table. Looks beautiful once assembled. A few things to note: It took me about 3.5-4 solid hours to put it together so give yourself time (this is not an Ikea style assembly...it's more old-school -- so many parts and instructions). Second, once assembled the drawers are not the smoothest and kind of catch. Definitely need two hands to open and close. That could be a result of my assembly skills but I think it's just how it is with a changing table at this price point and design. Overall, I gave it 4 stars b/c of the drawers and build time. Otherwise it's a great purchase for someone wanting a stylish changing table for not a ton of money.
You get what you paid for, the insides are unraveling but nothing a sewing kit can't fix. Holds a lot! And pretty easy to clean. Beats the $45 price that's for sure!
This shopping cart cover works great at Kroger and ok at Target. The size is good for Target's large carts, however, the back of the seat is a waffle construction so the waist belt cannot secure to the cart itself. You can only use the waist belt to secure your baby to just the cover, which isn't ideal but it works if your baby isn't trying to escape. The construction of the product is good and the print is adorable.
Easy to use decorating materials that can be put anywhere
It's not suctioning to the table like the EZPZ mat does. We were looking for something smaller that we could use on the high chair tray and I was really hoping this would be the magic we've been looking for. I am disapointed that it doesn't hold suction better. Still, it's easy to clean and our daughter thinks it's a lot of fun.
Good quality and its easy to put them together!
I like that it came with very detailed instructions. My baby loves this wrap
This is the second gate I've purchased for the staircase in my house, so I already have a different brand and model to compare it to. It is very sturdy and stays put very well using the pressure mounts, no drilling required. Installing was not terribly difficult except when trying to add on the extensions, the plastic pieces would not come out of the metal frame, and there was no mechanism to help with that. The gate is also fairly difficult to open. The plastic lock is quite clunky and doesn't open smoothly. My other complaint is that the gate does NOT close by itself. You have to hold onto the lock part and keep it unlocked in order for the gate to close and lock. The gate does stay open by itself and works well as a bottom of the staircase baby gate. I'm satisfied with my purchase, but there are a few things that could be improved.
Share the seat just buy bases
Love these! The bright color is fantastic - the suction cups work great - they entertain my daughter in the tub! I gave 4 stars instead of 5 stars only because my only recommendation is maybe a tiny drainage hole as water is easily trapped in the Jellyfish body.
Super soft Towel and wash cloths for my little one! Only thing that was missing was the bibs
Liked it accept the logo. It looks different than the photo and from the store as well.
4 stars ONLY because we haven't had it longer than a week. So far it works fabulously! It's the most simple device, and it is so compact it takes up hardly any counter space. Its sleek design also ensures it's not an eyesore. The company is very active in making sure you're satisfied (once product is registered), and generously offers a free gift with registration. The machine works like a charm so far and we're so happy we went with this one!
Love that this has a weighted sippy piece rather than a straw. My baby uses this with ease. I wish it truly didn't leak, but it definitely does and my baby is soaked within minutes.
It s okay my 2month old didn't use to it yet
I like it but it smelled and was huge
Definitely sized for toddlers. Was looking for a size my 2 year old could keep longer than a year. Very soft.
Nice lamp and it works as promised. I would prefer to have a spare cover with other designs beside the stars though
This blanket isn't as soft as I hoped, like other muslim swaddles, but it's still soft enough for a baby! The pattern is really nice in person, looks just like in the photo. I really do recommend it, just four stars because it's not as soft as I hoped.
The hinge lock piece is made of metal and seems Wobbly compared to other regalo gates we have but the extended length and angular folds are great feature that we needed to block off the kids rooms from the staircase. My 4 yo can easily open and lock the gate and it keeps my 1yo within the blocked off space safely.
I love these things used them for all four children. Only complaint is you don't get to choose a color, so my son will be Chewing on a pink one ;)
This towel is more cute than thick. It is fine for a tiny baby that is being dried off quickly but not for a toddler that acts like they are freezing to death the longer she/he has to wear the towel.
This camera works well and their customer service is phenomenal. Nightvision and regular vision quality are amazing. I would have gave it 5 stars, but the App to view the camera feed occasionally freezes and at times the camera will start spinning around when trying to adjust.
Only reason I did not give 5 stars was because the loop to hang it by broke after the third day. I'll taped it many times but still doesn't work.
Doctor recommended it
I only used this for cold therapy, but it was amazing relief. The instructions do say to freeze for an hour. If you freeze longer it won't be flexible and prove difficult to shape with the breast to get the relief you need. So that one hour in the instructions does matter. If you are suffering from engorgement I do recommend this; it will help. (Review written by my wife)
I liked this booster seat for it has a simple and modern design. It is easy to clean and install. Only con is that the upper seat cannot be fixed to the main seat. It's falling off whenever my girl tries to step down from it, which is little bit annoying and sometimes can be little bit dangerous. Other than that, I like it since it is easy to maintain.
This has been so wonderful to soften up the edges of a sharp shelving unit we have. It does not damage the wood, but it gives us so much peace of mind!
My baby loves the air balloon that makes music when he hits it. Only thing that would be icing on cake is if it had an attachment that had changing lights.
My sweet babe is not here yet , however I love my diaper bag already ! It feels very durable and lots of pockets for storage.
Great quality and have a longer handle which make it easier to feed from deeper jars. Handy storage container and nice colours. I would definitely recommend these over cheaper spooks although I took off one star because of the price. Also don't worry about those have hard tips - they aren't!
Attractive colors, used to hold blankets in the living room. Did take awhile to get to remold after shipping.
I bought a couple of packages of these. They protect the baby from the edges of the bed and bed tables. They are not easy to install - you have to install the adhesive tape on the padding and then apply it to the furniture edge. Even with the difficulty installing them, I'd give a higher rating if they weren't so expensive. They are like pool parts in that regard (ridiculously expensive for a cheap piece of plastic). When you're ready to take them off, set aside several hours and hope your furniture finish (paint, veneer, etc.) is the highest quality known to man. That said, these will save you a trip to the emergency room!
I was using these to catch excess milk while breastfeeding but when I wear them, I don't leak. So what I use them for now is for outings because I don't leak through my clothes. Con is that they leave a red circle around nipple :( this was after using them for 4 hrs when I was out running errands
It's not a perfect fit, but as long as I place it, it works fine. Delivered promptly as promised.
Purchased this bag as a gift - it was on an Amazon baby registry. Bag started ripping after 3 uses and now the strap is totally broken after a few short months of normal use. Edited to add: the seller is sending me a replacement bag at no extra charge and have been great to work with. Hopefully the second bag is much better!
Really like this product
The nipple flows too fast for my newborn. all other features are advertised
Soft at first, wears down
The towel is very soft. It is durable. I bought one for a gift as well.
This works exactly as described. Make sure the seat is tightly secured before putting your child in it.
Love this pillow and the multi function uses. I wish it was a little longer and I find it more comfortable to use upside down. But it's by far my favorite pillow.
One of the four was cracked but other than that these are cute cups. The straw does not come out of the lid. I haven't decided if that's good or bad yet. They are a thin hard plastic so I think they might break easily. We shall see...
My son loves his new Batman bed however the stickers started peeling the very next day and I hate that there is nothing for the mattress to lay on. This is basically a frame that sets around the mattress which lays directly on the floor
My son loves it and works perfect for when we go out. The suction is really great but at the same time I can barely get it off the table when he's finished lol
We love it. The extra cushion is perfect for my 5 month old who is still a little wobbly sitting up on her own. She is really comfortable in it. The plastic phone holder fits my s7 with a thin case on it but it's tight so it wouldn't fit anything much bigger. She loves sitting in the cart where she can see everything vs the stroller where she can't. We use it often. I only wish it was easier to carry along with us. It need it's own travel bag.
Baby loved to watch his stars.. only down falls is you cannot operate one handed. Pushing buttons makes unit slide around.. and buttons are not labeled so you just have to push each one to see what it does or get the manual out each time til you learn it. A remote would be an awesome feature in the future
This product is so easy to use. The stroller is incredibly simple to open and close. The only complaints i have are in regards to the cup holder and canopy. Whenever I open the stroller up, the cup holder insert always is undone. I have to reinsert it every time. Not a big deal. It's just a little annoying. As for the canopy, when the car seat is in the stroller, you are able to use both canopies (one from the car seat and one from the stroller) creating a little cocoon to block little one from the elements. When the stroller is stationary, this works great. However, if I'm pushing the stroller, the canopy doesn't stay completely closed. It will slightly open. It's not too big of a deal unless you're caught in a torrential downpour while on a walk with a newborn. I had to quickly walk while holding the canopies together to ensure the newborn didn't get wet. All in all, despite these minor complaints, we're satisfied with the product and would still purchase again.
We haven't used this for jogging yet, but everywhere we go we get compliments on how nice it is. The stroller held up nicely going through mountain terrain and is very smooth. The car seat material is rough and could chafe baby's bare legs but, we haven't had any serious problems with it.
So far so good. I have a 10 month old that is just starting to realize the exciting things that are in the kitchen cabinets. We installed these locks and it seems to have stymied him. He is still young so I can't say if they are strong enough to prevent an older kid from pulling them off (as some other reviewers mentioned) but it is working well for us. It can be a little difficult to install, I suggest taping them in place with masking tape to make sure they are in the proper spot, I wasted a few that were placed incorrectly and therefore didn't latch when closed. However, when re positioned they worked fine. Overall very satisfied with this product.
My four year old loves this. He is past the sitting on a bench stage that a lot of the double strollers have so this was our next option. The double was super heavy, too. This was great for both mama and toddler. Make sure you adjust it correctly or the wheels bump around.
Seems very sturdy although my little one hasn't fully got the hang of it yet (7 months) by I expect once he gets the hang of it he will be bouncing all over the place. One thing to keep in mind is that it does NOT work well with large molding around doors or room openings. We live in an older home so this may be why. It still clamps however it does not clamp all the way around so although I still feel confident it will hold I would be lying if I didn't say I'm almost worried for when he starts jumping aggressively in it. I'm going to keep the product regardless because I think it's fun and if I get too worried I can easily save it for another baby in a different home! **one thing my husband did do to give me more piece of mind is put in a screw for the clamp to go above so it would not have the possibility of sliding down.
4 star playing tray. Works well for its functions. Fairly easy to set up and your child can use it as they please. They can use it to draw or they can use it as a table to put food on or other toys to play with. Only negative is it doesn't have an adjustable height for larger kids.
Didn't fit for my toilet. It would be VERY easy to install if you have a flexible water connection. Mine is solid metal and I'd have to go buy a new connection piece for it to work. Was so looking forward to using it.
This is super cute and I like that it has a piece plexiglass I Nate as of glass in case it gets knocked off the wall in baby's room. The only think that I am not so happy with is that they spelled baby wrong on the name card! I am just going to make my own and it will be fine.
So far so good. I bought this to attach to my pack and play for my twins. Definitely does the job. It has 3 modes: on, off, on no music. I gave 4 stars because it must be attached to a hard part of the pack and play. If I try to tighten it on the fabric side, it cannot grip with the weight of the mobile causing it to hang down wayyy to close to baby. Not really a big deal, works fine if you attach to hard area.
good customer services...
its great. blocks the sun very well
book not real well made
It is not as thick and cushy as I thought it would be.
Directions kept mentioning a straw which did not come with the cups.
I'd give this product a 5 star but the buyer a 2. I specifically came to amazon to purchase BOY colored tommee tippee pacifiers for my very much BOY infant. And now he has pink pacifiers because I got sent pink and gold ones. Yay. Thanks. Will not buy from seller again.
We bought this for our 2 year old....and he loves it! He has sat, climbed all over it and even jumped on it. It is still standing. It is durable and he loves using it all the time.
The zipper doesn't line up exactly but it does what it's supposed to. Washes well
These bibs were gifted to me and they are awesome! They could be a little easier to clean but that comes with any bib. They're really soft and come in cute colors!
Holds toys perfectly. I only knocked off one star bc one of the hooks that came with it doesn't adhere to the tile easily, the other works very well. Other than that, great product
This bra is perfect for hands free pumping. I returned to work and wanted to be able to continue working from the privacy of my office and this is exactly what was needed! I wear my bra like a regular bra, under my clothing. It's not a Victoria secret bra in any way shape or form (haha!) but fits more like a sports bra and makes it easier to take my top off and start the pumping process in seconds. I recommend this bra to anyone needing to pump while doing other activities. Bra is comfortable and adjustable. I am a 36DD currently and bought a Large. I have it as tight as possible in the back strap area so I am assuming someone who is bigger could also buy a L AND it would fit find with the adjustable back and straps.
I really like the various white noise sounds. I wish the clock had a constant light. For a kids room, I don't like that they have to get out of bed to push the mode button in order to temporarily see the lighted time.
Fast delivery, easy to mount but I've only just started using it so fingers cross it stays study and useful
Works great, just wish it lasted longer so you didn't have to constantly keep cranking it.
Update: The customer service for this company is fantastic! Within a couple hours of hearing of my problem they were on it and had a replacement for the defective product in the mail. Original review: I really like this product. My son doesn't complain when I put diaper cream on him anymore and I love not getting that stuff all over me. It also comes in a cute little storage/ travel bag. My only complaint is that after using it for a week the suction part stopped suctioning. Overall it is great I just wish it would still stay where I put it.
Overall they are great but not quite enough of a slow flow for breast fed babies if you are going back and forth between breast and bottle though. I wish they had a preemie option or something to that effect. It does feel like the most breast like nipple though, at least in my opinion.
Bit small and not filled with water like the ones sold at Target or Wal-Mart.
So far so good. Opened box and picture looked clear when testing it out.
I ordered pink but the one I got is orangish.
I read a lot of good reviews about these so I wasn't hesitant to buy but when I got them it wasn't what I was expecting they seemed a little cheap to me the quality of the fabric is not good and the size of the blanket is tiny plus the hat is big too big for a newborn but the blanket is too small for anything over a newborn I just wish they would have been a little better
Easy to use and install.. bit heavy
I really love this walker! The only thing I would warn people about is that it does not work on carpet.
I've had this carrier for a bit now and I've decided Its a good time to write a review. I love This carrier. What I like Most about it, is how comfortable my daughter looks while being carried around! She loves it! The only con is after awhile my shoulders start to burn. I'm not sure if this is normal but it's very uncomfortable on my shoulders and neck. I mean My 7 mo is 18lbs so that could be why. Haha The seat is awesome and it's super easy to put on by yourself! Takes me 10 seconds where with other carriers I've have it takes minutes! Get this carrier! It's pretty awesome!
had to cut them to get them to wk.
Cute, soft my foster kittens will snuggle in this!.....NB. if buying for a pet (that likes to chew) this blanket has a border thread design.
Love how easy to clean they are and the orthodontic nipple. Baby is breastfed and 6 weeks, seems to like these so far. Cons are that it is a little heavy and the handle is large so it easily falls out or is knocked out by baby. Not perfect, but decent pacifier. Plan on keeping them and trying a few other brands.
I think the center part could be a softer material.. not very comfortable for in between the legs! But it's an awesome product and very easy to put in.
Seems to be good quality but very strong chemical odor, on day 2 of airing it out..
I'm not too picky about milk bags. This one worked well. Only negative for me is they are kind of thick and rigid.
Very helpful with granddaughters
Stretches too tight on the changing pad but good material and very soft
No more chaos and losing my mind at bath time. Kid even enjoys using this.
Not a bad pillow but not best for nursing. Too soft and middle sags a bit. 1st few months are so hard, I'd reccomend looking into "My Brest Friend" for a nursing pillow. If i knew i probably wouldn't have bought this pillow being someone low on money. However, i do plan to use the pillow for tummy time and to help baby sit up. I think that's a better use for this pillow. Also I'd reccomend buying protective cover. With spit up, diaper leaks, etc it's worth the $10 extra. Lastly i do think this pillow is a bit overpriced but not totally unhappy with the purchase.
Loved design of bag but smoke color seemed more olive green in color.
Fits very well in our smaller car. The chest strap latch is a little more difficult to release than our other car seat.
Easy to use for forehead or tympanic thermometer. Have only used once so I can't comment on durability as of yet, but I'm pleased with performance so far.
Perfect for what I was looking for. These are small corner guards which are obvious, but more discreet than some of the larger ones on the market. I have a desk with a glass top which runs along the length of my shorter wall near my door. The corner of the table was causing a lot of accidents so this product is perfect. I've also put them in our living room center table which also has a glass top and sharp corners. No more accidents for those of us who are clumsy folk!
Great for a basic potty
You have to know what a Wheaten is to appreciate this next to perfect reproduction.
The product itself is top notch however knocking a star because a big bristle was missing and nowhere in the box which would have made for a poor gift. Aside from that we have been using the two brushes daily with our toddlers for months now and they are still in great condition. The comb was too pointy for use so I just threw it out.
I always buy 2 and one doesn't work as good as the other.... as in the sensors. But the colors are Beautiful
Works for what I needed it for. The screen is just not as bright and clear as I like it to be
Very cheaply made products, but gets the job done when screwed in. The adhesive was not very sticky and we had to use the screws instead but there wasnt enough given. Then it came with corner protectors and those don't stay on at all.
They are very nice to use and the twins love them but they are kind of thin and after washing a few times the big Velcro patch has come off two of them already but they are still usable. Just kind of wish they were made a little thicker. Over all decent product.
Worked fine, but wish it had a height adjustment. When side rails down, they hit the floor about 4" from vertical. Have to remove rails to make the bed, else you're leaning over to reach the bed
Soft and great quality. It seems really big though — I'm doubtful that it would fit a 3 month old well... but great for 9 months plus.
Impressed by the initial quality. Took a few minutes to put together, but was very straightforward. Actually pretty impressed at the design. My only complaint is that it seems smaller in real life than it looks at first glance in the pictures.
very cute, don't 100% believe its worth the price but still cute none the less
Like other reviews said, it doesn't lay as nicely as other animals. But she loves to hold and play with the llama. And eat it's feet. I like that it matches the things I was gifted by others like the lovey (which she also loves)
These are very durable, handle being hand washed and dishwasher cleaned well (haven't but into washing machine out of inconvenience). The patterns are super cute also and they significantly reduce the number of disposable baggies I use. I put Cheez-its in the confetti pattern bag and the zipper fabric stained during the morning, I'm very disappointed in that but they are still great baggies for all ages.
Love this sippy. No leaks and a simple design that is easy to clean. I like the bigger size. I don't like that my kids can peek off the silicone parts.
I love this bag! It's the perfect size, easy to carry, and super cute. The only hitch is that it doesn't like to stay closed especially if it's full, they should use a stronger magnet or add a clip.
Reason for 4/5 is that, opening on bottom, only fits flat, lightweight cords. Any heavier duty cord, you'll need to carve out some of the plastic with a knife to make the hole bigger to fit cords (power strip cords, bases of phone Chargers don't fit, etc. )
I bought Similar to these on the U.K. site. When I used the American site they are more expensive and shorter. But still very good door fasteners. Not as sticky as the almost identical ones in the U.K.
I have but the gray cover on the car seat and I love it.
A bit big for my almost 3year old but he loves it.
Way better than our previous baby trend pack and play when it comes to assembly. Our LO didn't really care for the smaller bassinet as it's kinda hard. Overall, we like it!
Resin material is soft and flexible to apply, but my toddler was able to remove them and used as a teething toy. So they ended up in the drawer.
It's a very good size, my only issue was that I need it for my center back seat so it doesn't always stay straight but overall good
******update: the company reached out to me and sent me another black one because I was dissatisfied with the gray bra. 5 stars for the company and I'd say 4 stars for the bra. I have this in gray and black. I purchased the black one first and it's great. I then got the gray one and there are more hooks and the bottom elastic is stiff and uncomfortable. I am disappointed at how different the two colors feel.
Love the ease of using the dividers. Wish the outside pockets were a bit more flexible nor bigger so that it didn't distort the main structure of the caddy. Overall extremely happy with its organization and the fact that it's easy to move about because its lightweight.
Wish I knew before I bought how quickly she would grow out of the small size! Tomorrow she will be 7 weeks. She really isn't all that big of a baby and the Velcro is hardly reaching! Otherwise I love these things so much!
I got this as a gift for my friends baby and was helping them set it up. We had trouble connecting to the wifi connection and left a message on their customer care line. I got a call back from their head of sales following up on that. He was very understanding, and explained how I need to connect to a different wifi network in the house, and that it helps if initial setup is done near the internet router. That actually worked - he walked us through the blinking lights, app setup etc which took a few minutes. After the setup was done, we plugged it into a power outlet near the crib. Now it's working fine and is quite helpful. It looks good and the app looks cute. So far it's been recording the baby's sleep quite well, and my friends like the breathing chart showing how his breathing is. There is also a little button for the video which lets them see the baby clearly even when the lights are off. The power cord could be slightly longer.
My son had a flat spot on the right side of his head when he was 2 months old, and was eventually going to be evaluated for a helmet if it didn't improve. I found this pillow online and we used it consistently for 2 months. We used it in his swing, in his crib, when he laid on the floor, etc. He's now 4 months old and he rolls around a lot now so he doesn't stay put on the pillow, BUT the shape of his head has improved so much. Its catching up to the left side and is getting nice and rounded out! I am convinced that the pillow helped to distribute the pressure more evenly on his head when he slept on his back. His pediatrician doesn't feel he needs a helmet and is not concerned at all. It was such a relief.
Good value for this cute baby bath towel. Very soft! My son is 6 months old and is very long and chubby. Towel is a good size for him :).
It's the only playtex bottle with a design so I liked it.
My 5 year old Granddaughter loved the comb, but not the brush.
I love the click connect system. This car seat is lightweight, which is perfect as I recover from a c-section. I originally chose this because I knew it would fit into my stroller, but I haven't used them together yet. Pros: lightweight, stylish black and grey, compatible with click connect, not too bulky, cute bonnet, easy to install, secure. Cons: Not much padding for infant (although my two month old sleeps soundly in it), and only good for small babies anyway which means it won't last very long.
Product is of good quality and easy for washing. The fabric is nice and soft against your skin. Wish there were other colors to choose from.
Grandchild was excited to use it, at first, and it was working good. After a few days he didn't even want to put it on anymore. So, therefore, he did not want to go to the potty anymore.
My son seems to like it so far. He's 22 months and just in the beginning stages of potty training. He was a little freaked out by the music that played the first time he peed in the potty but he liked it! He loves to flush it and sit on it. The potty did come a little dirty though. It just looked like it had been sitting in the box for a long time.
Very sturdy and a good height. I would suggest getting the extended though. I got the regular and wish they were longer.
Def nice and a must have. I don't really think its tok durable. Looks kind of cheaply made. But I still like it
These are great clips. My daughter loves having a binky on her 24/7 so we bought a pack of generic pacifier clips (another brand) to help her hold onto them. Then we discovered that they could have other uses, like attaching a toy to the car seat so that she can't throw it on the floor. That's when we realized we needed more clips and lots of them. I chose this brand to meet that need, frankly because they were cheap. I'm pleasantly surprised by their quality. The clip is strong and the fabric is smooth for little fingers. My only complaint is that they seem a bit bulky, but I'm sure that they'll seem smaller to me as my daughter gets bigger. Overall, I'm glad I made the purchase.
I bought these for my toddler. Helps to block the sun. But like the other reviews say, they do come off the window pretty easily. One already did and I cant use it. :(
The colors, the mechanism, the multi use, the whole idea is perfect. It also comes with extra goodies...BUT it is WAY too low for a 20 month old baby. Please manufacturer, make it higher.
Print quality was good, but the mailing envelopes were much larger than the invitations. Also there was no adhesive or glue on the envelope flap. Had to seal with a glue stick.
Super thin, but good for the price
I love this diaper bag! Very durable, but no insulation.
Cute and lightweight the only con is that it easily bends out of shape but otherwise it's great and weights next to nothing.
Love it and it's super cute in
Bought these for a baby shower and they are adorable! I like that they have a food catcher pocket. The material was plastic and looked easy to clean. I would not recommend these bibs for newborns because of how big they are.
Great to restrict my ten pounds. It is very difficult to open the corner. I cut off the plastic pin on the top and it pops in and out with ease. A bungee cords holds the top together.
Great product! A 6 year old helped me assemble it, didn't take long at all. It was for my 4 month old son, I had to put something underneath him so he could still reach the floor but he's now almost 5 months and if he tried hard enough his feet can touch. He loves looking at all the toys on it. I'd say by 6 months he should be bouncing away!
Nice diaper caddy, given as a Baby shower present. The Only thing I didn't like was it had a cigarette smoke smell to it when I first opened it.
Love these been using there for 4 months now
LOVE this crib sheet...so soft, absolutely gorgeous print, washes well...just one problem. It stretches out so after one night of my 14 mo rolling around on it, it's baggy on the mattress. Not the end of the world, but we do have a normal, standard size mattress so I wish it didn't do that. I would buy it again, though, because it's just so darn pretty. If it didn't stretch out overnight I'd give it 5 stars!
These are super cute and super innovative. I really like having one in my purse and it works for me when I want to sit at my able with a low light (while everyone is watching a movie) and read crochet directions. It's good for digging in my purse to find something on a dark night. BUT this is not the brightest bulb. It's not going to shine a directed light like a flashlight. You won't be walking through the woods saying 'oh let me pull out my lightbulb light'.
There is an irreversible crease in product. It annoys my OCD but hasn't hindered its functionality.
This has been a furniture saver. We adopted a rescue dog who had apparently been allowed on all the soft surfaces . This keeps her out without having to monitor her all the time. It looks very nice too.
These bags are perfect for swim days at daycare - they fit everything needed (swimsuit, towel and water shoes), and you don't have to worry about how all the wet stuff will be transported home after use. Seems like good quality so far.
Sturdy and very pretty. However the side rails seem to be constructed in reverse to me. There is an overlap of the top rail on the sides that does not allow crib mobile or toys to sit straight as the edge seems opposite how it should be. The mobiles tilt sideways dues to this, making it lean into the crib as it is not flush. In fact, even when it was going together I kept insisting it should not be put together this way (drove my son and husband crazy with it because I kept saying it made no sense for the top rail to sit that way) until I pulled up the picture online here and enlarged it.....sure enough it's backwards design is how it goes.
This is our third cot that we have purchased. They are great for our grand kids to sleep on. They are sturdy and have held up nicely, although I need to replace one. They are not made to be jumped on, which is clearly said in instructions. Not a manufacturer fault...grand kid fault!
I almost ordered another book because I thought this one didn't have pages or spaces for holidays. I was pleasantly surprised to see that there is a page for Christmas and New Year's Day, Valentine's Day and Easter, Thanksgiving, Special Holiday, and Halloween. Thanksgiving has it's own page but the others share a page as indicated above. The pages are beautiful and the cover is nice. The stickers are very cute. The only reason why I'm giving 4 stars is I wish there were more blank pages. There is only one blank page at the back of the book. I love the content of the book but I think there should be at least 4 blank pages for people to use for additional writing space or photos.
Our unicorn loving little one is obsessed with her new nightlight.
I love the material. But I was hoping it to have more proper strap for my baby. The stuff animal doesn't really stay on his back and cover his head it was more on his side and the neck
These are nice and easy locks. No tools required just stick and use. This was a nice set with a good/perfect amount of locks. Make sure you clean the area with rubbing alcohol and let dry before applying .. learned this the hard way!
We love this. I'm not sure if this is the best swing out there, but it's the only swing we have and boy does our baby love to swing. It's a great place for him to grab a nap if he's refusing to go down in the crib, and he also likes to relax there after a stressful session in the baby gym (only sort of joking). After reading other's reviews about the stars I thought ‘who cares if they don't move??', but I now admit it would be great if they did. Those were the first things we caught him staring at and tracking, and he would be fascinated if they moved. But they're fine. The swing does move around more than we'd like... we actually have to put a wash cloth under one side to stop it from wobbling. We've tried it several different places and it wobbles everywhere, so I don't think it's our floor. Also it is a little loud, but I actually think that provides white noise that lulls the baby to sleep, and it's not loud enough that we have to change the tv volume when it's on (for reference). His head does fall off to the side, but it does that in his bouncy chair too and doesn't seem to bother him. This swing is definitely not perfect, but it fits well in our living room and it chills our baby out, so it's a win for us!
Love how easily this opens and closes. The color is much darker than it appears in the photo. I though the item was white but in reality it is grey.
Well made, but hard to put onto thicker fabrics.
I bought this for a long trip I know I'll be taking with my 3 month old in the summer, and I have the Britax B Agile 35 elite travel system, which includes the B-Safe 35 infant car seat. It does NOT fit in there, not even close! It's way too wide & tall at the top where the straps go, maybe it would fit a much larger child's seat but definitely not this one. I read the seller's answer to a question above that it fit in this car seat, and that's why I bought it. Makes me super mad! Update: I received a message from the seller with an apology about the seat size - they have changed it since the question I saw had been answered (3 years ago) to accommodate the request for a larger size. They will refund & send me another so I can use in the future. Great customer service!! So when buying just keep in mind that the pad does not fit this specific car seat, but seems to fit others!
I really like the this bag. Has many pockets and the fabric is nice and bendable it's not stiff compared to other bags I've seen. One issue I did see is a piece seemed to start to pull from a stitch falling apart, but I fixed it easily. If not for that piece I would have gave it 5 stars.
Cute designs. Sturdy. Item exactly as described.
Was smaller then expected but so far so good. Will update review after awhile.
My kids needed these to organize school work in their rooms. Got this for my son and a purple one for daughter and its great size for a teen's room.
Overall good product. Doesn't work great with some brand bags
No bells and whistles here, but it's worked just fine.
As advertised. Fits travel size pillow well for kids.
This arrived within one day of placing the order so I was very happy about that. It comes in a nice box if you were to gift it to someone. Very easy to assemble and the colors are vibrant. My son was very interested in it as soon as the mobile started spinning and playing music. I also like how the volume can go way up high or very low. Happy with purchase for the price.
i got one as a baby shower gift and fell in love with it i had to buy my sister in law one for her shower
This seller is amazing. First i have to say that i love this baby monitor. It does all you want and need (great day and night camera with zoom, great audio with audio light indicator, long battery, good talk back sound, very resistant monitor and the parents monitor is small enought so it fit in a back pocket). I totally recommand thia maby monitor. You can also have more than one camera set up but i didnt try it. No need for me Almost a year after purchase, i had a small issue with my parental monitor. Would charge properly. I wouldnt say this was a defective issue of the monitor but more a usage issue (Probably bb that keep pulling the cord). I contacted them. Their costumer service is amazing and also the people working for them. Same day responses to multiple emails and they were very helpful and very fast. I totally recommand you to contac them if you have any issue.
Bracelet arrived on time in beautiful packaging (no need to rewrap if you don't want to). The poem inside is beautiful. At first I thought bracelet was super tiny, but realized needed to be for an infant to wear, and it adjusts up for communion and to wedding nicely. It seems fragile and delicate, so maybe for special occasional wear only. All in all, a beautiful gift.
great product priced well and look great in the crib
Totally worth every penny.
I used these to get through busy airports on vacation and I also used it when my two year old and I were swimming in the ocean. He has no fear and will swim out as far as he can go. The wrist links keep our hands free and I like how the adult wrist link comes off quickly if I need it to, while the toddler end is tougher to take off. These are very sturdy, don't get tangled up, and with the two lengths they are be exactly what I needed no matter the situation. The whistles might be good for an older child, but needless to say, with a two year old, I threw the whistles away. They are LOUD.
very cute. perfect baby shower gift for a friend
these are super cute, i pair them with my little one outfits, they are absolutely adorable and warm especially in the winter, I put them on with her ugg boots..
My son loves this swaddle. At first we had a swaddle from the hospital where we tucked in his hands. We realized later on that he likes to sleep with his hands up. So we gave this swaddle a try. It is awesome! He is not fighting it at all and the material is very nice.
I get soooo many compliments!!!!!
I'm so excited! These actually worked I was surprised! I've got three kids who love to spill their drinks at the restaurants!! Momma was prepared today! It is on the cups they give u at restaurants in picture.
Read that this cannot go in the dishwasher, which is inconvenient. Dries everything great and use it every day so I love it anyway.
I bought this item for my new granddaughter. There are so many choices on the market to choose from it's hard to pick just one. What sold me on this one is the sensor alarm for when the baby is left in the seat. After hearing and reading all the horror stories out there of babies being left in the car. This eases mind a little more that she will not be forgotten. The stroller is very sturdy, wheels turn with ease.
I was unsure what we were going to do on a recent 10 day Hawaii vacation as my daughter had just transitioned out of her crib into a toddler bed. I know a popular option is to have children use guard rails on a second bed, but we did not have that ability in our room. My daughter loved her bed! She was excited at the second resort when we were blowing up the bed. The bed remained firm throughout both stays, and my daughter slept comfortably on the bed for naps and her standard 11/12 hours overnight. I am so thankful we ordered this and brought it with us in our checked luggage!
Awesome product and worth for money !
I love this bag, perfect for work and holds more then just my pump. I do wish it would stand up on its own, though.
My 6mo was able to take a small sip while playing with it. Great training cup to start with.
I love the fact that the pacifier is attached to the little stuffed animal I gives baby something small to cuddle with.
I like this car seat...its light weight
granddaughter loves it. catches her attention. (5 months old)
These are perfect! Now that the weather is warm, my daughter needed extra padding so the straps didn't leave marks on her shoulder/neck. A lot of reviewers complained that they were thin but that's what I like about them. They won't be too hot on her skin.
These are very cute I can't wait to use them for baby girl!
kids really loved these
Our granddaughter is loving it, she gets to play and it gives her space to walk while keeping her safe
I love this. Squishy so if baby pulls it down it won't hurt anything. I love this
My daughter loved this pillow... She already named it as Jungle pillow... Quality is too good perfect size for toddlers... And am very happy with the purchase
We hat to string an extra suppot from the ceiling to hold th middle up. See the picture.
I ended up purchasing this one simply because it looked more cushiony than most, and it certainly is! With the extra cushion it allows my baby to not bobble around in the grocery cart, I love this product! Would definitely recommend!!
Love this milestone blanket. Super cute and was amazing for pictures!
This little box provides with different soothing sounds which will aid you to sleep better at night. As soon as it arrived, my wife and I used the soothing rain option sound and we both fell asleep immediately. We've never had a night since then where we're either annoyed or tired by the sounds. A perfect companion for those who want to have a good night sleep by listening to natural sounds and for those who work at night and would like to drown any noise to sleep through the day!
I love it! Works perfectly for my daughters bottles!
love this! it is slightly too small. but our baby is 1 so it's not an issue. The covering sheet is actually waterproof, so when he spills milk it doesn't ruin the foam mattress.
I love these. They don't spill easily. Only through the straw. However, when you refill, you have to take the straw out before putting on the lid, the suction makes the liquid come out of the straw.
The part your baby lays on has a layer of thin foam that makes it comfortable for the baby. It's also really nice that it has straps and makes it really easy to grab and run into the store with so you can leave the diaper bag behind.
Very smart stuff. I've tried orange, blueberries and my baby so enjoyed using that
100% fit to my Dekor Classic pail, at an unbelievable price! I was initially concerned that these wouldn't fit but decided to give it a shot and I am glad I did. They fit perfectly! I recommend these to anyone with a Dekor classic pail
So much better than what I have expected! Keeps odors locked and so easy to change the bags!
This is our second one. Like the first one's durability, ease of cleaning and portability so much had to get another for his brother. So pleased that part of the purchase is donated to such a worthy cause. You might want to promote that more. Thank you
Perfect for swimming lessons!
Copper Pearl is amazing! I love this swaddle. Now that my little guy is too old to be swaddled we use it as a car seat blanket and it's big enough I'm sure he'll use it for years to come!
She sleeps so much better with this! It does seem to run slightly big. We have the 3-6 month and had to wait until she was over 4 months for it to fit right. Since then she sleeps all night and wakes about once, maybe twice, to feed then straight back to sleep.
Perfect. I do wish it was a better angle.
I love the quality of these swaddle blankets! They are soft and love the designs and colors.
I ABSOLUTELY LOOOVE IT! It looks so beautiful! It wasn't hard to install. Instructions are clear.
We were averaging 1-2 accidents a day. First full day with none! Great reminder to check with kiddo on when to use the potty
Great seat. Affordable.
Great value for the money. Got these for a travel car seat as our regular ones are heavy and huge. These are trim and so lightweight. Also the padding is plush and soft and nice because it's machine washable.
I like how they are so soft and how they keep my baby dry. She drools a tone.
This is a great gate. I use it to keep two full size labrador retrievers and an active Basset Hound from having full access to the house. The gate was easy to set up, attractive and works like a champ. I highly recommend this gate.
Just what I expected!
Not that I need but helps old lady gravity issues.
This has been great, the material is soft, and even with several washes, it is still great quality material. I don't use the buttons very ofter, I just raise up the whole thing, but I think it is out of habit mostly.
This organizer arrived just in time for my girlfriend's babyshower and I'm so excited to give it to her, I may have to order another for myself. The material is durable and it's the perfect sizer for diapering and baby needs. We use cloth diapers and this will fit all of our accessories and covers perfectly.
We recently went on vacation & stayed in a house with steps. With a crawling baby & toddler I was worried about them falling down the steps. This was so easy to install & kept them safe! Also did no damage to wall when removing. Great for a temporary way to block off kids (or pets)
These are so cute! Love the faces on them - great for corners in home where littles are running around. These are easy to use too!
Only complaint is the instructions are confusing but very easy to put on once you figure it out. Effective.
This was a hundred percent better than I was expecting -awesome quality, fast delivery and amazing follow up to make sure I was satisfied!
Very cute set of bibs, the design is very colorful, the bib is very soft, I can take a set on the go and keep a set at home.
Way better quality than I expected! Super smooth wood and makes a nice little noise when shaken. I would by this again for my child or as a shower gift.
With the steps it is a must have for toddlers like mine. He is independent, but can't reach the toilet. This can be folded easily and without difficulty. It has two different toilet seat. There is a sofa and a hard one. The height can be easily adjusted and that is an awesome bonus. It doesn't slide off from the adult toilet either.
I've used these for all of my babies. They are fantastic.
This playing mat is awesome!!! It is thick to provide enough cushion. No funny odors. easy to wipe clean, which I love! It is foldable, so save some space and I don't worry about my cat running on it and scratching.
Absolutely love it I wanted to fell that wall up because it was empty and I love the way it turned out ended up getting some cheap frames from dollar tree to put up because the taped pictures started to fad and bend it turned out amazing
I love these bottles. They definitely last and my son takes to them pretty easily. We've had them about 7 months and they don't show too much wear.
My baby LOVES this teether!! I bought it for him when he was 3 months old (he started teething around 2.5 months) but it was hard for him to hold things since he was just starting to grab. This banana teether was very easy for him to grasp and put in his own mouth. The grip is great, it's very ergonomic for a baby and I love the feel of the silicone. Other teethers he would only use for a minute or so and get fussy or frustrated, but this teether can keep him occupied for awhile! Also sometimes if he's getting fussy while biting it, I'll take it and just gently brush his gums with the end and he loves it, sometimes he laughs haha. I've also gotten so many comments & compliments on how cute he looks chewing on his little banana. I now recommend this to all moms that have a teething baby to at least try.
This night light is great, charged it full once and have used it for four nights without recharging. You can adjust the brightness as you like, just hold down the head part. It is bright enough to light up a decent size bedroom. The material and quality seem great, it does not take up a lot of space and easy to use. Also comes with a 12-month warranty if you register it online. It is very adorable as well, perfect to use for nursing at night or for children's room. Love that it tumbles around because of the round bottom design. GREAT VALUE for the price, so glad I found this product. Definitely recommend!
Super cute and way better quality than I expected for the price.
Absolutely love this cleaning brush! Easy to use with softer bristles but gets everything cleaned inside the bottles!
Just took my daughter out with this over her carseat and got so many compliments! It's so soft, lightweight and beautiful!
These are my favorite stroller hooks. They're sturdy and how quite a bit.
Had to return because it was too small for our baby, other than that it was a nice item.
Who thinks of these things? Product is so simple and so genius at the same time. It's a thermos for hot water and a big bowl to put the bottle in and pour hot water. LOVE IT. You don't have to ore-warm he milk, keeping it fresh longer and heat up when you need it.
Love this carrier. Easy to use and seemingly very comfortable for baby.
Great size, seal tightly, tray is useful for organizing multiple containers in fridge/freezer
Love this!! works great as a mat and the older kids love to put it together like a puzzle!
The quality is incredible for the price! Love all the pockets and it's very stylish!
GOOD FOR FURNITURE WITH WIDE WOOD SLATS BETWEEN DRAWERS AND KITCHEN DRAWERS. DONT REQUIRE YOU TO MANUALLY PUSH DOWN ON TO CLOSE DRAWER LIKE THE SPRING LOADED ONES DO.
I love the quality and it's nice. I also bought the pink superman car seat as well it cost a litter more than the girl batman car seat and I have to say overall I love the girl batman car seat better it's wider and the kids can sit comfortably the girl superman one is a little less wide.
Love these. Just ordered my second pack.
I love this set so much
Far better than the boppy and itsy ritzy covers.
comfortable, breathable, easy to install on most cribs but not the mini cribs. washes easily...gives me peace of mind while keeping tiny hands, feet, paci's from going outside the crib rails.
This baptism towel is great! It is big enough for an adult and it is very soft. I used it for a family baptism and it was just right! The embroidery on it is very nice as well.
When the plastic rose is taken off the designs are so clear. This thing covers the WHOLE room.
My daughter has loved this. Used all the time, saves space & keeps things organized. So easy to use. Great product
Works good! keeps the small kido's out of the cabinets great
The children love having their own chairs!
Nice gate. Sturdy. Open/close works great but I just don't think the mechanism is not the greatest. Still earns 5stars.
Silly name but baby likes it and stays on his hand
The Elmo chair is softly covered with material, but, sturdy enough to take a one year old's antics. It doesn't topple and doesn't move when placed on a rug. We loved this item!
I used this product to hear my babys heart beat. The only thing I didnt like about it was using the head phones to listen.
My son loves this. Did not read fully because I did not know it was a bouncer so it moves as they move. I think it has stoppers so you could prevent that if you wanted. But my son is a bouncer so he has learned to love it
As described. Fit this two week old baby perfect.
We are very happy with the quality of this product. We bought 2... One for my daughter now and an extra just in case. Both are identical with no flaws. Ps.... Maybe seller should have an option to buy these in a 2 pack 😉
Great for babies. Recommend having baby sleep while making the hand/footprints
This is a great night light. Great colors. Easy to charge and use.
my baby is very happy, the quality is very good, soft, lying very comfortable, the appearance is very good, the music is also very good, it is worth buying.
I decided to decorate my third baby's room in sheep because the room is so incredibly small. I thought white and gray colors would keep it looking bigger. This mobile is adorable. I love the song, and I really love how soft this looks. It just gives the crib a nice, chic baby look. It's worth the money.
I rarely write reviews and was skeptical that this bath visor would work... But I love this product! It fits my toddler's head perfectly and keeps all of the water out. She used to scream when we had to wash her hair and now she's getting used to no water in her eyes from the visor which means no screaming.
Our Great Dane was still able to get underneath it
4.5 stars The vented bottles helped so much with my baby's gas problems. Took half star off cuz they are diff prices depending on color, wished they were same prices
This is a nice carseat. It will be the last car seat I will need to get for my grandson as it is adjustable so it can also convert to a booster seat. Very nicely made and sturdy. Love it.
It came on ride on time before the baby shower
This is the only pacifier my son will take. I spent 5 months trying various shapes and sizes and this is the only one he'll take. He gags on all of the others, regardless of how small they are. I've even tried preemie size Thank goodness this is a quality and inexpensive paci!
Great quality. Super cute. Wash well.
Was a baby shower gift that was on the baby register list. Got a very nice thank you card.
My friend loves it. It was In Great Condition. Great buy from amazon warehoused item
I love this, I wish I knew about it sooner. It's easy to put on and off and easy to clean. And the bib actually catches a chunk of food that my toddler drops. Definitely something I'd recommend to add to a baby register and get multiple ones! My toddler also likes to pretend to feed the birdies on the bib - super cute.
I love it! It was so easy to build too!
Son loves this product
My Kids love it!! Definitely recommend it.
I bought this safety locks as a gift to my friend. Very good quality. Nice simple design. Easy to use.
Ample space inside, enough for extra baby items. Diaper bag looks really nice and easy to clean.
The ordered product is great. Delivery time was amazing! I was needed same day as delivery and is in perfect condition! Thak you Amazon! Thank you to the delivery team!!!!
I purchased this for my granddaughter and it is perfect for bath time! She loves it so much she want to wear it to bed instead of her jammies!
The back support was a gift from heaven
This is a staple in our playroom. Has been since before they could roll over. They still love it now that they are sitting up and crawling.
Works great. Great shade for my so.
I LOVE my son's car seat travel tray. We use it for our longer trips or times that I can anticipate high-traffic and it really helps to keep him busy. My son is three-years-old and is full of energy, so keeping him seating for long periods of time can be a challenge. He's also an only child so he doesn't get to have much company in the back seat all time. The seat travel tray helps me give him options that help turn his drive into an experience. He can play with his cars, dinosaurs, color and can even watch his favorite movie if needed. It's really useful and gives me some peace-of-mind knowing that I can give him a chance to have one when he's stuck in the car seat for long periods of time.
I bought this as a second set for my Ameda pump. It fit perfectly and I washed in the dishwasher before using. All parts were of the same quality as the original one.
Exactly what I was looking for my little man who started to crawl all over the house. Great product!
This helmet saved our little one's head hundreds of times. We don't wear it anymore as she finally needed to learn how to avoid obstacles and why. Otherwise, I'd leave it on her head until she turns 21.
The original pair was delivered with one stool cracked. Customer service took it very seriously and immediately made it right. The stools work fine as expected, but the product quality was overshadowed by the customer service. Looking forward to purchasing other items from them in the future!
Have these hung up in my daughters bathroom. So much bigger then I thought which is amazing!
grandson loves this, it is nice and soft too
My granddaughter loves this little stroller
Keeps my teeth cleaned, gets all the hard to reach areas
Love the locks! Very easy to setup and 100% serve their purpose. I have a very curious 10 month old little girl who is starting to get into anything and everything which was why I purchased this item. Very pleased at how well they prevent her from getting into things she shouldn't be getting into.
Soft, stretch and worth the money! I use it to nurse and to hide my newborn in public!
great tool to have when you have kids. Their temperature is pretty much like weather forecast and you have no idea what you dealing with
These don't leave an imprint around baby's mouth. They're perfect as far as pacifiers go.
These cups are a great little addition to our household. I LOVE the fact that they are non toxic and I think parents need to really be concerned about the amount of harmful chemicals in all the plastic we are exposed to. These are high quality silicone and passed the "squeeze test" with flying colors. The pop on lids are easy to put on and stay on tight and the colors are really cute too. The size works perfectly for our 2 and I'm very happy with them. If you are considering these it's an easy purchase, I'd do it again.
This is such an awesome jumper... my baby has enjoyed it so much. Highly recommend it! Worth every penny!
This is the 2nd type of baby rear seat mirror I have purchased, and this was well worth the money. I bought another cheaper type of mirror, and it did not last long. This was easy to install, and easy to adjust, and it stays put!
Super quality products. I liked the colors and fabric. Will buy more for gift.
The stroller was great for the price. My husband and I used it for our 3 year old son at Disney World. Folds up easily and enjoyed the cup holders.
This product is exactly what was advertised
These are excellent!
Omg I LOVE these! They are super thick, really soft and highly absorbent. They are just really high quality bandana bibs wonderful for jazzing up an outfit AND practical for catching drool or spit up. I cannot day enough good things about these bibs! If you are on the fence about which bandana bibs to get, look no further. This is the one! I will be ordering a bunch more of these!
I use this towel all the time for my infant! No tears or loose threads after washing/drying many times. Thicker and much bigger than other hooded baby towels I have purchased/received as gifts.
Easy to use on toddlers that are constantly on the run. Accurate . Would definitely buy again !
Very cute first shoes. I really liked the rubber soles and they held up outside. Soft and easy to walk in so baby gets used to wearing shoes. A nice transition shoe.
After seeing this on shark tank I bought this to use for the summer. It has a multitude of uses including at the beach where I use it for a blanket and then to corral sandy items in my car. It rinses off easily and dries quickly. I love that I don't have to fold it perfectly and it always goes back into the little pouch with no fuss. I do wish the weights were heavier but they're still better than carrying around stakes. This is perfect to keep in the car or diaper bag but I've even used it at school for outside times. It's a sturdy product that I would purchase again
I like the compact size and function of this car seat design, works great in our Jeep Wrangler with the size of the vehicles bench design.
I love how these hold their shape (unlike zippy sandwich baggies); they are flexible yet strong. I use one for my water park passes so they won't get wet in the bag with wet towels. I put make-up wipes in another so I can seal them up (the resealable sticker on those wipes don't work for me, and I cut them in half so make the pack last 2x as long, so this bag is PERFECT to put them in). They are easy to find in my bag. I also used my silhouette to make a vinyl label on the back so it is easy to know and find the correct bag. I have not used them for food yet.
I love that the mirror is large so you don't have to worry about trying to maneuver it in the right direction, it's light weight so it doesn't flop over, and it connects to the headrest with sturdy straps again keeping it upright.
Love these sheets. They are super soft and easy to clean. They also fit our pack and play perfectly.
A very good inflatable baby water pad, the child likes it very much. It is very simple to put the water in. The child sees the fish inside is happy.
First one came damaged, but was rectified immediately by Copper Pearl. They sent a new one at no charge. The blanket is super soft, stretchy, and the pattern is beautiful. A little pricey, but it is a quality product. Great for cooler weather, big enough to grow with your kiddo, and perfect for infant floor-play and tummy time.
I just ordered this side rail for my daughters crib. It was super easy to assemble, requiring no tools, and it's the perfect size! It leaves just enough room at the end of the bed for her to climb in and out without assistance. It is also sturdy enough that if she leans all her weight into it, it doesn't budge.
love it and as expected
My 19 month old daughter LOVES this thing! We bought it when she was 12 months. She wont sleep without it so I bought 3 :) super cute and holding up well to frequent washings
Perfect fit. Great overall
I needed a cover for my internet cord so I could move my son's crib in front of the plug safety. I couldn't find anything but this is perfect. The screws did not line up so I only used one but it was enough. If I used this on a typical plug then it would have lined up. It does stick out of the wall quite far but I think it's needed to fit multiple plug sizes.
Easy to use and warm for my baby. Best car seat cover purchased, yet.
These are great!! But you must know to remove the white piece inside the lid for cleaning! I love that my granddaughter can literally drop this on my white linen couch and nothing leaks or spills! I have bought these before and will buy exactly these again!
Great cups! My 17 month old always has to have something in her hands so she loves the handles! It's hard to find straw cups WITH handles! And they don't leak one bit! I was surprised how short the straw was.. but it doesn't seem to bother her!
Camera works great in our baby's room. Have no complaints other than the temp gauge seems to fluctuate quite a bit.
Absolutely loved they are so cute
Very well made. Arrived as promised. Priced perfectly.
Definitely does the job and keeps baby warm. True to size
It wasn't what I was looking for. I'm looking for an angle pillow that is a little firmer. This one is very soft.
Very easy to install and secured a tall, heavy dresser with 2 straps.
Great product! Used to secure dresser to wall and was super easy to install. Highly recommended!
This product was great and exactly what we needed! I would definitely recommend to others.
great purchase.....highly recommend
Exactly what we needed and they arrived in a timely manner.
It arrived so fast. And looks clean and easy to use. Buying this for using next year! Hope it will be good to use.
I love it !! It's going to work perfectly once my baby is here. It's big enough to wrap around myself & carseat ! It's very soft & stretchy. It's exactly ad shown in picture. It comes in a little bag that matches, which is the cutest.
these are great to have as back up.
Yesss!!!! Best baby product you will ever buy! Just throw my 1 year old in there With some toys, and buys me some time to do quick chores while he is completely entertained and easy to view thru the see through panels , very light weight and versatile , love that I can move it from the bedroom to the kitchen and outside. Overall 10/10 recommend
Perfect for baby food! This is exactly what I was looking for. The only thing is I would like to have a bigger size but this one works too.
Gift, was received and loved.
It is definitely waterproof. Very useful if you have a baby. Easy to wash. Also its great to protect your mattress when moving
I used it to protect my toddler hitting the corners of furniture. I bought a different brand before which was way more expensive but the result was merely mediocre. This one is excellent. Smoother, wider therefore more protection and easier to install. Besides the price is very attractive.
These changing pads work great! Very durable and waterproof! We use it on top of the changing table along with in the diaper bag.
Bought this because another model I'd bought a few weeks before for my one grandchild was out of stock and was unknown if it'd be available again. Bought this for another grandchild and she seems to like it.
Only problem was having to take it off bath time
My great nephews LOVED this bath toy. So glad that I got this for them.
The quality is excellent. It's soft and it will be great against the babies skin.
I wanted some taller socks for my son to wear to bed with his onsies, but all the ones (or at least cuter ones out there) I found were very girly. These are cute without being obnoxious, and great quality. They aren't too tall that he can't wear these under regular pants and jeans too.
Very similar to a real nipple in shape and size, and my baby has loved the softness of the bottle. He frequently just wants to grip and chew on the base.
Got into a fender bender with my 1 year old in this car seat. She didn't even notice. I'm confident she is safe and secure in this seat.
I was able to put it on the cart 1 handed. I was also able to fold it back up 1 handed. Very pleased.
This bag is just for the small bottles. I keep the 5 oz bottles in it. But will have to buy a bigger one later on when will need larger bottles
They are awesome for her
I like the design and it works just fine. My daughter fits in perfect, but she's petite. I'm excited for her to eventually use the table also.
My girl play with these all the time. Easy to clean. No weird rubber smells.
These stickers are great. It is covers in a small box, ​and all the images and slogan are cute. I bought one for myself and Definitely suitable for giving as a gift next time.
My baby loves it so much
I have made several of these albums for very young children in the family. You can easily slip 4 by 6 pictures of relatives into the pages and then practice learning names as you "read" the book.
I bought this diaper backpack as a gift for my friend who was going to host a baby shower. She likes it. The bag has large capacity, which is capable to put a lot staff not only for the baby, but also for the mom. Inside the bage, there is a waterproof layer which makes it durable. The outside layer material is really good to me. It is like it would be never worn out. Also, there is one side pocket compatible with baby wipe bags, which is so convenient.
We have used several bottle cleaners to which the top would fall off after a few uses. Obviously with an important cleaning tool like a bottle brush you are bound to find some wear and tear. However this bottle brush has definitely withstand our uses the longest by far. Also, the cost is relatively cheaper than other brands!
Product came in good shape, no kinks, rips or tears. My first child could of really used this product 13 years ago as he had a serious flat spot problem. My wife and I have a toddler that is just over two years old. She just wont lay still for too long, but when she does we can tell the pad relieves head pressure and neck extension. However, we bought this for our twins we are about to have. So after they are born we have full confidence it will work. Already purchasing another one since we found out we are having twins. Great product.
Love it! These work really well. I am sure it will do the job of securing cabinet doors for m my elderly dad with dementia.
We followed the directions exactly as written, It works great! It's important to clean your wall. I believe some of the dust is causing a few of the stickers to not adhere if you did not do it.
These were so fun to use!! I placed them around the room at a height my grandson could reach. I wanted him to be able to touch them.
I got this travel bag to use to keep my sons stroller in when we travel places so that we can just pick it up and go. Very easy to use and so far has been working well.
Really cute, lots of different options, my daughter is going to love it!
To be fair as it is so new, we haven't given it the ‘real' test, but as we will only use it occasionally, we were looking more for the cute design! 😊. It's adorable!
These are GREAT I can pump right into the container, put a lid on and place it in the freezer. When ready to feed just add the adaptors and nipples, thaw and feed. So simple
It was very easy to install & keeps my dog away from the areas I don't want her.
I bought this as a gift to go with the book. It is soft and bigger than expected. About as big as my forearm. It appears to be made out of high quality materials and does not look cheap at all.
These are awesome! My boys love them.
These little cups are so cute! They will spill from straw hole if they fall over, but seem like good quality otherwise.
It's always fun to buy on Amazon. It's a shame that sometimes shipping is expensive.
My granddaughter is going to love it!
Perfect for baby food. Work well frozen.
*** update the seller was very generous and assisted us on replacing the bag. Will order from this seller again. I really loved the look and size of this bag. I was able to hold all of the necessities for a newborn and a change of clothes for a toddler. However, by the time my baby was 5 months old the straps started ripping off. I had to buy a new diaper bag by the 6th month. Very disappointed.
Got so much use out of this w my newborn!
Works the way it describes. Make sure you get the wristband tight because my 2yr old was able weasel his way out it. Overall all happy with the product.
I love this thing. It's very sturdy and perfect placement on the baby carrier. It came just in time, since my granddaughter is now ready to use it!
Very nice and comfortable
These got the job done with no fuss. Removing them to use the stove requires reasonable strength. Best used for homes with toddlers and the very elderly. Once you see someone remove one it is easily figured out.
Looks like a scarf. Pretty elegant for a little baby. I've got a lot of compliments and one friend thought it's really for the outfit until she saw me wiping baby's mouth with it! Lol My little dude is looking handsome with those bibs. I was amazed by the great feel of the fabric and its quality. It is 100% cotton and the bib have 2 bottoms, which means it can be adjusted when baby is older. Really happy with this purchase.
super cute and made great hot sauce gifts
Super cute and quality. Makes me able to comply with daycare standards for glass bottles!
I had to get labels for my daughter's preschool. They want you to label EVERYTHING. I was looking for something that would hold well even with repetitive runs through the dishwasher, and these labels hold out perfectly! Will definitely be buying them again.
Love these bottles for my granddaughter.
My son really loves his new pillow. We have had this for several months now. It is perfect height and firmness for a toddler.
This placemat and bowl is amazing. It stays in place and it helps to keep the are less messy. My son loves eating from the different compartments. I love the material and that is easy to carry and clean.
I love these burp cloths! My son spits up a lot so this is actually my second time purchase. Plus the designs are so cute! Definitely recommend!
My baby loved it! he slept very good naps on it!
I used it to bathe my newborn until she was almost 2 months, now I use it to change her
I did not experience any bleeding of the colors of these burp cloths (washed them separately in cold water the first two times to be safe). These are a favorite of mine--just thin enough to be very absorbent, but very soft. I've had the basic white cloth diapers and they were so thick that all the spit up just rolled right off. I love the vibrant colors, too.
Love how big these are! We cloth diaper and can fit a ton of diapers in them. They seem to do a better job then other bags at keeping the smell in. I would definitely buy them again.
Bought these to be personalized in my first Grandchild's gift basket for the baby shower. They were definitely a hit!
Liked the color and the assembly ease.
Love this shield!! It is great for saving the milk, I can bend over and it doesn't leak. The plastic against the breast is the same hard plastic as the outside so it isn't the most comfortable breast shield. But it's barely noticeable.
Overall nice product
During potty training your boy this will be a life saver to keep in the car for thos unexpected gotta go moments. I used it for my first boy and this is my second time purchasing this product to potty train my second boy
So cute! I plan use for the baby stroller, and feel the wind was soft.
This toothbrush was worth every penny! The quality is awesome and it works great with toddlers. I highly recommend it!
LOVE THIS SO MUCH!!!!! It's worth the money and cheaper than the name brand ones. My son (3 months) loves this and sleeps so peacefully. To get different positions for baby, look up baby carrier sling on YouTube. They have so many ways!
When my son is more willing, I'm sure he'll take to these better. He's not about the sippy cups yet, at 9 months old.
Received it yesterday. My daughter loves it.
Took seconds to put together and is a great size. Not big but not small. Perfect size for my 11mo to take naps!
Dislike, when carseat attached, there is no access to bottom storage
Worked well as described. I like that it came stuffed and that I didn't have to stuff. Nice price too!
My friends recently had a baby and were worried about the baby getting into things that she has no business being in. The baby isn't crawling yet, but now is the time to secure the house before the chaos ensues. We went around to all the cabinets within reach and installed the locks. They work great. I wish they had had these out when my kids were babies. Very easy to install and easy to use. I'm thinking about getting a set for my house just to keep my eight year old out of the kitchen cabinets where I keep the peanut butter that he inhales. My friends were very happy and had their worries calmed. As every parent knows they worry about your kids safety can consume your thoughts. Put your fears aside a buy these little worry reducers.
This is awsome material for our travel trailer. Wife is making a quilt. Good price and quality.
I used these at a baby shower for the kids to decorate with fabric markers. Worked great. Nice soft feel.
Wonderful purchase! The bag itself is super lightweight so even when it is stuffed to the brim it is still very light, I love that the bag is a backpack it keeps both of my hands free to take care of a squirmy baby and unlock my car when carrying groceries!
I saw this sticker on my cousin's car. It can be easily seen by others and let's add the fact that it looks cute in the car so I decided to have my own sticker too. Thanks to my cousin, I discover this cute item haha
It worked great and my baby took naps in it nicely during our Hawaii trip. Really lightweight and breathable. Just like any other wrap-style carriers, the only annoying part is the length because it touches the floor when you're wrapping it around your body. Wrapping takes some practice but super comfortable once on and the baby is in it.
This towel is SUPER soft! Perfect for your own child, or gift for an expecting mom. It's pretty big so perfect for infant all the way through toddler! I'd say it is big enough for a 4-5 year old at most! You can tell the company really cares to put out a quality product. The box it arrives in is absolutely adorable. 10/10!
I LOVE these. My baby days are over, but I love these for washing my face.
Love product... got as a gift for my first born 4 years ago and then bought again for my newborn now! The heartbeat sounds are perfect for soothing a baby!
Great for my 5 yr old. Good quality. Great fit!
Adorable. Love it so much. Perfect for a space.
Glad I got them seam to loose them.. lol
I bought these as extra covers for my boppy in between washes. Truthfully I love these even more than my original boppy cover. They're super soft! And not to mention a fraction of the price!
Love this! My child will only sleep swaddled, and came home from the hospital with a fleece swaddle, and I had my child in the summer. So I ordered this because I was worried about overheating in the fleece swaddle. My child gets a little warm in this but not near as bad as the fleece one. Would purchase again if I have another summer baby!
At first my son was really put off by this tether but now it's one of his favorites. He can chomp on this for minutes. I like to put it in freezer to make it even more soothing. The little bristles do trap things quite easily so you do have to wash it carefully. Otherwise it's a great teething toy at an exceptional price.
I have a very active 3 yr old. he likes to RUN all over the place... my mom takes care of him and was having a hard time keeping him away from harm's way. People look at me weird because he has this harness but it has kept him safe and away from many situations! good purchase! good price... I would just put a key lock mechanism. mi kid has gotten out because the harness connecting piece "flips around" nothing secures it in pace, i put a quick fix and it has seemed to stop him from breaking free of the lock. other than that item is very useful! would really recommend it...
I love these seat protectors.. easy to install and makes the inside of my car look great. I would recommend these to everyone.
It's a present for new born baby of my friend, she was really like it and appreciate that. And she told me really easy to use.
This mattress cover fits my Dream On Me 5" Inner Spring Play Yard Mattress perfectly. I would definitely recommend.
Edit: 2 months in & the labels are still on. Not one has come off, nor has water leaked on the ink part. Highly recommend these labels! Wrote on them with the pen provided and have had zero issues! They are great!
Super helpful and has a range of settings. Appreciate this purchase alot.
These bandana bibs are amazing! They are functional and extremely cute!! Thank you for making them!
Helpful for all breastfeed moms who plans to pump. Easy to use and clean. Perfect for Spectra pump and lansinoh storage packs.
Very cute. Just the perfect amount of light for a dim room to sleep in. My daughter enjoys picking a new color every night. I love that it is recharable.
These are perfect to cover the corners of glass covering two tables at church. Somehow a corner on the glass for both tables had gotten broken. I have already put these on all four corners of each table and they are wonderful. Also, they are super easy to put on. Plus, since we have little ones running around, the corners of the glass is now covered. So glad I found these.
It is convenient and small. Easy to hide .the video quality is not bad. It Does the work.
The teal color is beautiful and the inside fleece is soft. It fits well and keeps my daughter warm. I have no problem with the flap as some reviewers stated. I like that it doesn't have a securing mechanism since it covers her face that way I know there is more adequate ventilation.
I love that my baby bibs have two months have been drooling do not know how many want to change clothes every day since buying the clothes do not want to change so frequently and the color looks good.
These are exactly what we were looking for! The straps that came on her carseat were hard and seemed very uncomfortable around our baby's neck. These are soft, flexible, and do a great job of protecting her neck from chafing on the straps. It is exactly what we needed to make the car seat more comfortable!
Super cute and easy to use. However my daughter doesn't wear it like a mitten, she holds it up to her mouth. It gets the job done though and she likes it more then a traditional teether.
I've used tommie tippee but my son hates it. My daughter loves this brand and I do too
This works great. My son who has been teething likes to drop all his teethers on the floor and having to constantly wash them every 4 mins was getting tiring. This product had a great suction and holds the teethers really well. Im definitely glad I bought this.
This nursing bra is comfortable and the perfect fit. It has been hard finding a sports bra for nursing, and this one is perfect for low impact exercise as well as everyday life and sleeping.
So far so good. Was easy to use and protects the wall as advertised
This nursing cover is so pretty. Very nice creamy color and fitted just right for car seat use as well. The material is a bit slick and silky while still breathing well enough for nursing in comfortable temperatures. I also love the matching drawstring storage bag - nice addition!
With being a first time mom, the world of car seats can be a wee bit intimidating! Obviously we're all looking for the highest level of safety for your dollar. After reading product reviews/ crash testing etc. I knew I wanted a Graco. But wasn't going to spend 250-300 dollars on ONE car seat (my husband and I are both needing one for our vehicles) . After looking to specifics, the fact that REAR facing weight limit is 50 pounds. I was SOLD. My 8.5 month old who is on the smaller side weighting roughly 15# about 26 inches long, he fits PERFECTLY reclined at the lowest rear facing seating. I added a picture to show the red piping only because there's a major absences of this particular style when choosing what color. Only “negative” thing, the adjustable strap certainly doesn't adjust quite as easily as my carrier. Which honestly could be operator error .
Great! Soft and durable. Have ordered additional back up sheets.
This is great for use in a small space, like a tent or a vehicle or maybe a closet or playhouse. It's okay if used in a room, but the stars lose their definition and more closely resemble blobs. I like that with the dome on it is a night light and without it, it projects a solar system around the space. It's relaxing and enjoyable.
We like this plate. Our one-year-old can get it up easily though. Besides that, it's great and perfect for restaurants!!
Practical diaper bag. Really spacious and fits everything plus more than what baby needs. Love the insulated front pocket for baby's bottle
This item was universally adored by every guest at my niece's baby shower. 100% cotton was particularly important to me. Also purchased Shark pop-up sun tent, swim shorts and tee.
Love the grey wish I ordered a 2ed for a shower gift ... So many compartments , great bag great price !!
2yo girl currently addicted to PAW Patrol. Loves it. Buy the toilet potty seat as well. You won't be sorry.
Great for potty training, however; the pee guard is a little too high for our little one to get off of the toilet seat when he finishes doing his business.
Ive got a few diaper bags already as gifts and for myself, but so far this one is my favorite. The extra top pocket is great to store wallet, and the usb pocket. It doesnt feel heavy, and the extra handle to put for the stroller is pretty cool I am really satisfied with this diaper bag
4 years and still going strong
I like the texture and the compact size that I can carry one in my bag wherever I go.
Great for extra absorbency, especially for night use, and they dry easier/faster than the microfiber.
Just as expected, so cute
This has been a godsend for our baby! He would only sleep 1-2 hour spurts, we were finding he wasnt comforted unless on hands were placed on his chest, which can get old quickly. We tried this since it has the light weight on the chest. Now he sleeps 4-6 hours spurts! Worked within 1-2 nights. Keep in mind, every infant is different and in our case, it worked for us!
Love this book and all the pockets it lets you store in the book.
I love the style and they don't shrink after washing them. They remind me of little smurf hats! 😂
Needed something that would hold extra long cords for blinds I had purchased. They are sturdy and are holding up well
I love it! Looks just like the picture. My 2 year old son loves it!
Anything to keep fingers from getting pinched.
Amazing sling. Works amazing for carrying my 1 year old on my hip. She even sleeps in it and she has never slept in a carrier before.
We really like this travel seat! It fits nicely in our diaper bag and it makes it easier for our toddler to use the toilet when we're out and about.
These are soooo beautiful, and so absorbent! I was afraid to use them at first because they are so pretty ha! Great quality product at an amazing price!
Just what I was looking for bath time
It's just perfect. Our baby came early, so we didn't get a chance to hang it right away. I was blown away by the quality when we finally did! It is perfectly-balanced when hung. He loves the bright colors and is mesmerized when we spin it for him! I would buy it again in a heartbeat.
Fits perfectly in the middle seat with two car seats on either side!
My daughter loves it. The toy I received was blue and not red like the picture shows.
I was so excited to get this in the mail. My kids hate getting their temps taken but they don't mind this at all! It makes life so much easier!
Works perfectly and does not dig in because of the rounded corners.
First time parent and these soft, absorbent, and washable pads are amazing. Just ordered another pack of 3. Currently using one by bed, one in travel bag, and one on changing table but wanted more for her frequent joy of soiling the pad once you get her diaper off with a smile. 😉
So far, this works better than the diaper Genie and also Munchin pail. We have owned both, and both let the smell out. So far this holds it in.
The sensor works really well! I got it because I wanted to entice my son who is potty training but it hasnt helped. But my daughter says its fun to see it.
Very much needed to replace old straws. My toddler keeps on biting the straw and so happy when I found this.
Absolutely love. My daughter is 10 months. Teething and she loves to chew on this. It has a hole where I can put a paddy holder on it and clip it to her shirt so we dnt loose it.
We needed another diaper bag to keep packed all the time for daycare and this is perfect! I love the insulated pockets to keep his bottle fresh for the drive over. It really is the perfect size for the day.
Beautiful. Nice quality at a good price
I honestly can't believe the price of this, as it's easily worth 2 or 3 times the price it's here for. I had a traditional diaper bag when my son was born, but it was a huge pain. I couldn't fit everything in it and when I did need something I had to dig around and make a huge mess. It had a ton of itty bitty pockets that I didn't need (like, pockets big enough for 1 baby sock kind of small) and it was bulky and took up a lot of space under the stroller or in a shopping cart. I hated it. Enter this bag. It's so lightweight but DURABLE. It's been tossed around, thrown in the back of the trunk, and it's still going. It's easily cleanable with a damp cloth for small messes and you can hold everything. best of all, it can be carried like a backpack (obviously) so no more digging shoulder straps!
I used these to hold our TV to an entertainment center. They are easy to install and the pull tight feature is nice.
I am currently using this basket as a hamper in my boys' bedroom. It is perfect! It is sturdy enough to stand up when empty (the sides don't collapse in) and is lightweight enough that when filled with clothes I still carry it down to the laundry room. I also love the neutral colors which allow it to go in the corner and not stand out. Love, love, love this basket.
I love these. Worked great for both kids. Easy to mix formula. Easy clean up.
Why doesn't everyone have these!!!??? THEY ARE AWESOME!!
Great for protecting the back of my seats. I have them on backwards so the pockets face the seat. I had one for a couple of years and it worked great! So i bought two more to protect my other seats.
These invitations are so adorable and made from quality card stock not flimsy stuff!! Love them!
This table was everything we expected and more! My son loves all the activities and I love that it has so much to offer. The only downfall is that it will slide across the floor or carpet when my son tries to use it to stand up, but that can be easily fixed with something added to the bottom of the legs. Overall I'm very satisfied with the purchase and would recommend to any parent.
I don't think this is good for teething as there's no soft spots but my daughter does seem to enjoy looking at and holding it. Very cute design.
Much more functional than the scarf type covers- allows easy visualization of baby during nursing
Finally no leaks! And munchkin males replacement valves in case you lose them unlike other brands.
Our baby loves going shopping with us so thought this would be something fun to make it more comfy for him. Great quality and as per description.
Awesome pillow. Bought for a gift & she loves it. It's big & full body sized!
Cute sippy cup. Holds good amount of water/juice. Doesn't leak. My little one likes more to play with it than drink through it :)
Love this item and bought it the second time . Love the extra coverage specially using public toilets
Works great, you just have to have the key some place close or you'll go crazy trying to get into the cabinets
Bought this for my daughter and she said it helped a lot.
Loved it. I have it to my 2 year grand daughter with her mother speaking to her as a baby. Her mom, my daughter is no longer with us. Invaluable.
Easy gift for the new humans :-) and their parents!
This Crib Mattress really does what it should do.. My baby and me are very satisfy.
My grandbaby loves this potty, she goes to go
Perfect for the baby trend pack-n-play that I have. The graco pack-n-play sheets didn't fit it too well. I recommend American Baby Company Printed 100% Natural Cotton Jersey Knit Fitted Portable/Mini-Crib Sheet. They are cute, affordable, and very soft. My daughter loves the mattress more than the one in her crib.
Love this it is so handy an helpful deff a breast feeding must have
This lamp is very elegant to have in my room. I have it on the shelf just next to my bed, an I really enjoy having it there every time I wake up in the middle of the night
LOVE this bag! So nice for the money. It's soft, looks great and has tons of pockets.
Perfect replacement cover for my pillow after the original cover tore. It is a tight fit, so be warned you will need some muscles to get it in. But it's totally worth it when your done.
Stays secure on the bottles.
Easy to install with a very strong grip. The 3m adhesive backing has always been the best & strongest choice by companies as far as I'm concerned. Unlatching these is far easier than the squeeze option found on other saftey straps in my opinion. Great for someone with arthritis. A great choice where safety is concerned.
not a bad little car seat...it was pretty easy to install..
This met my needs and more. It's a big trouble to dry the baby bottles in time, especialy in traveling, This baby feeding bottle drying rack is easy to handle and travel with. You can folds up and stows away well when we aren't on the go. The best choice for my newborn, the best assistant for me, you must have it if you have the baby with many baby items.
I bought the projector as Christmas gift, It comes with usb cord, you can place battery too. Very beautiful when I turn it on.
My daughter was super excited about "having the sky on her bedroom ceiling" I was worried that they wouldn't glow but great stars especially when you follow the directions, I actually just put them in a pile before I put them up and put them under a lamp, and that worked! My daughter love this at night, sometimes we use a flashlight to purposely get the glow going. Only took 15 minutes to charge them for bedtime last night and the glow lasted long after the kids fell asleep. I'll wake up at midnight sometimes and they are still glowing great. They have only been up for a few weeks, but so far they have all stayed attached to the ceiling. If you are looking for something fun that your kids will love this is a great choice.
They are nice pillowcases. They fit my pillows perfectly. They are supper soft.
Delivery was sooner than expected,was purchased for babyshower , the expectant mom loved it!!.
Love this, and even bigger tha I expected!
So many of my friends at my age are having babies and I thought this would be a great gift, which it is. The zipper pouch has a cute chevron design and the pads inside feel wonderfully soft. My friend will love this!
This was just what I was looking for and worked very well. I can definitely recommend it.
I got this for my soon to be nephew. Great quality, super soft, and amazing price!! I used something similar for my own child when he was an infant and it wasn't as good as this one. I will definitely add this to my list of go to baby shower gifts!
Best changing pad liners I have ever purchased.
Amazing sound machine! The sounds are so soothing and I sleep so well after having it.
Keeps grandma outta the kitchen
Love how bright the colors are on these. Perfect for teething babies! The clip is nice to attach to any clothing, and the snap at the end for the pacifier is so easy for taking it off and on
The Quality is good for the price and they look great
I love the uni-sex on this item. The compartments are amazing for a newborn we all know we have to carry so much I was able to fit my large sized breast pump and all my other necessities, worth every penny! My husband loves that he can wear it without hassle!
Very nice tool set, used it to carve pumpkin for halloween,but should be good to use with clay and other materials.
Best purchase for our family! Our home is entirely made of all hardwood floor and it's so cold during the winter. I previously bought a thick and good quality play mat for $200 but it is a colorful kids design which I did not want for our living room. I finally decided to buy this one and not sure if the gray would look good with dark brown hardwood but it looks amazing! So simple and clean looking, which is what I was looking for. My 2 year old loves playing on it and it will be great for when my newborn starts to crawl. The mat is definitely thick and cushion-y enough where it is easy on your bum when sitting on it. Sometimes I just lie on it with a pillow while my toddler plays. I also change my kids' diaper on the mat so if there are any mistakes, it is easy to clean up, especially with a wiggly toddler.
My son loves this teether! He likes the rattle to play with too. Love Ryan & Rose!!
Has totally changed bath time in my home. My child is ridiculous about water in their face or ears and gives me hell when it's time to wash hair ... well used to at least because this handy little contraption has saved my life!!! I'd buy 100 more.
Is very easy to use and the best is that you can take it from your car and put it in another one as many time as you want.
I was impressed with the quality of the materials right out of the box. It was fairly easy to assemble and everything clicked into place pretty fast. The bassinet is made from really sturdy fabric, and the gray color is so chic! I love that I can flip this from the bassinet position to a regular seated position. The sun shade is big enough to block the sun from almost any angle. I also like that it included a snack tray, foot cover, bug net, and a cup holder. These are items you have to purchase separately for many strollers. The cargo net is removable for easy washing, and will hold your baby bag and a shopping bag or two. This stroller far exceeded my expectations and definitely looks much more expensive than it is!
Work great and the utensils are heat sensitive so that's great.
Great bibs! I am able to roll them up with the mess and dirty spoon inside to go back in the diaper bag with no mess until I get home to clean them.
My 10 year old wouldnt stop chewing on her flippin shirt collar, so i got her this. She Loves it. No complaints. Seems sturdy, no clue how it would hold up to a teething baby tho.
Very nice and The perfect size and very nice colors of the pictures of everything
Good seat kind of a pain if you have to take it in and out of the car for any reason
Works with plum organics so far!
The product didn't work for my girl but the seller was very helpful during the whole time. Excellent services!!!
It's absolutely beautiful. It'll be perfect for when we go camping. We like to shop at the mall next town over and I really have a hard time with the stroller. This is just what I needed.
They are smaller than I was thinking
I like the added grip - good size and easy to clean. Use them daily, for 8 months now, and seem quite durable.
Loved this nature's baby organics baby oil! I bought this for my teenage son who has really dry skin. Multiple showers a day due to playing sports has left his skin so dry and flaky. The oil worked perfect for extra moisture after he showers. He applied it lightly all over and it wasn't too oily or greasy and had a great smell. He says he can notice such a difference in the softness and smoothness of his skin and he has no more flaking. We will definitely continue to use this product!
So I got this system because of the color. It's been good to use overall, o just wish the wheel system was better. A lot of times I need to pull the stroller back to correct the wheels and the proceed forward. Currently looking into how we can change out the wheels.
My 4 month old love this pillow....he has two of them....he has been sleeping with this pillow since he was a newborn....the pillow cover is easy to wash
My grandson loves his blankets, and this is his favorite! (he has 3 in his crib). It's so perfect for summer. And so colorful. I'm very happy I found it!
My 2-year-old child really likes it and he can go to the bathroom by himself.
I had a hard time getting things done around the house until I got this.
I use these for my litter box and dog. They are great.
This was my daughter's first pillow. We started her on it at 2 months. She lays on it fine with no fuss. It helping to prevent her from having to wear a helmet.
Easy to install and remove. Holds by 25lb 1 yr old just fine!
These are great for my 11 month old. He's always dropping food so I love the catching part in the bib. The plate sticks to his tray and is dishwasher safe.. awesome!
My son love his bed he sleeps more longer and comfortably. It's soft light weight. I would truly recommend this mattress for mother's and fathers that want to start sleep training.
This fan is very useful. My kids always complain the second row on the car is hot, the AC on the car doesn't work so good in the second row. So I bought this fan for them. It can connect with usb cable and it has several level of wind speeds. Kids feel more comfortable on the car in this hot summer!
This pack n play is everything you need! My little one slept in the smaller bassinet until she out grew it's. But it was super convenient since I could Just flip it and have the changing table. Just wish they could be a bit larger since my little one out grew it by 2 months.
luv luv luv! I bought this particular color bc it qas on sale. I love how soft they are! the wash and dry well! I wish they made them for my bed!!
As soon as I opened the wash cloth packet, my baby girl wouldn't let it go. This product turned out to be way more quality than I expected for the price. I absolutely reccommend this wash cloth to use it for your baby or even for yourself.
Really good quality at a great price!
Great product. Just used it to make baby's first carrot puree. Love all in one option (steam then blend). Haven't tried other options, but sure will in the future. So far find it easy to use and very helpful. Will try to update the review after few weeks of uses.
This product is so cute and amazing. I ordered 2 for my kiddos, and they immediately loved them. They carry them everywhere. I am going to order another one for my nephew :) The light is just the right amount of brightness, and the color changing function has such a calming effect. The touch control works perfectly also. I kind of want one for myself to sit by my bed when I am winding down at night. I recommend this product 100%.
Easy to put together, very sturdy
I gave this to my sister and she said she loves it. She said it works wonders on getting her baby back to sleep at night so she can get some rest instead of going in the nursery and rocking multiple times a night.
Absolutely perfect for our sons mountain theme room! Sheet is a great material!
These are easy to clean, cute and fit great in my diaper bag.
It's beautiful. It's not too thick. It's very breathable.
It was a gift from a baby registry. I have no idea how it performed.
Love these swaddles. Very soft and perfect size. Washes nicely too. And the stroller clips are SUPER handy.
The carriage is really beautiful. I did a lot of research on carriages before choosing this one, and I'm glad I chose this. The carriage is a cinch to put together. Carriage comes with many great accessories, including a diaper bag, seat pad that is reversible from tan to black, cup holder, storage compartment, nice size basket... The carriage wheels beautifully. Its not so light but I found that the flipside of that it is very sturdy. I don't have to worry about other kids flipping it over. I wheeled carriage outside today and my neighbors asked if it was a bugaboo!
I was soo excited to recieve this, immediately opened it and it was just what i was expecting. It has everything detail by detail to track and each and every step of the way of your baby's journey. I want to thank this company for the time they spent on making this book soo perfect and for thinking of every detail possible to make this memory book sio special for us parents whoo love to keep track of every little detail of our little ones. Thank you!!!! 😍
My toddler wore this for her Halloween costume and it is so cute. It's very soft and she likes wearing it. It seems like a good hat to keep the neck warm when it's chilly out, too.
I needed a small pillow for my daughters daycare and I am very pleased with this product! Perfect size and very comfortable
This is such a soft wonderful blanket for my little one. Thoroughly enjoying it!
I bought this for my cousin, cause she's always afraid to cut her son's nails. I showed her how to use it, it was very simple. She's loves this trimmer now. Comes in a carrying case
love it for my new grand son coming in a couple weeks i really like it plays very well and everything functioned as exspected. great job
I gave it 3 stars in durability only because I don't expect it to last too long for my ten year old nephew due to the plastic model. Other than that, it is an awesome experience and I may buy 2 more. One for me and one for my older nephew. Fun options and it's so beautiful.
these are great and easy to use
I was so pleased with this purchase! Excellent quality very sturdy. No surprises , it made a wonderful shower gift!
Perfect for attaching teething toys to my active little guy! The loop is long enough to attach to larger items. The clasp is much more secure than others I've tried!
This is way better than the hard gates! Baby appreciates the softness, parents appreciate the ease of use and quality of the item. Not worried about little fingers getting caught in latches. The mesh is nice!
These are very soft and thin. They were perfect additions to a baby basket I was making as the pattern is obvious and cute, without being overwhelming. I also appreciated the relative gender neutral aspect so that they can be reused for other babies in the future. The packaging is also exactly as shown, making it aesthetically pleasing and an easy gift.
Great to have,bought this for grand daughter and now buying one for my new grandson....it's a great idea to keep them safe from all the germs out in about and at restaurants
Looks exactly like the item, works perfect. I actually use it so my son can ride a four wheeler with an adult, I,could not find seatbelts so I bought this and it works great.
My 3 yr old loves this doll. It stays in her bed.
It was exactly what I needed to feed my baby at the level 2 stage.
So far I'm impressed! I have a bob duallie flex and the bob console just didn't cut it. To test this console out I put as many water bottles in as I could. I needed a console that could fit a fat hydro flask. This fit 1- 64 ounce, 2- 40 ounce, & 2- 24 ounce bottles with room for my phone and keys! The middle straps are great for added support. Will test it out on a run tomorrow. If I don't update this review that means it works well!
It is perfect for my baby's toddler bed! It is safe and she is learning fast to stay in the middle of the bed. I didn't want the Brand name to be exposed to the outside but it's ok for me.
useful bag for a recent road trip. cute and multifunctional design!
This wrap is awesome. I can go hands free with my daughter right next to me and it almost always calms her right down. It does get a little warm if we're walking around but it's another layer and I did have to watch some videos on how to wrap it despite the instructions.
Well made sturdy product. Easy to load wipes into and it can fit a lot of them!
What can I say I am very impressed with this moon! It looks like an actual moon and I love the way it changes colors very cool. The mounts are nice and easy to assemble, and it has a very nice feel to it and I like the fact that I can feel the craters of it like an actual moon. Easy to adjust and has a long life to its battery makes my room feel very nice and give me a tranquil feeling. :) very happy with this product money well spent ! Thank you!
Worked for my car seat.
Bought this as a night light, it works great. We use the lowest setting for brightness & it works great. Doesn't disturb her sleep but I can still see my daughter fine.
PRoduct works great, easy to use and gets good suction. I was skeptical at first, I wasn't sure about the using my mouth to suck it out but no worries they re is a filter that keep the mucus from entering your mouth
I ordered 400 balls and they were all in good condition. My 7 month old loves them. Will definitely be ordering more in the near future.
My son is an EXTREME drooler and these bibs have been our saving grace. We go through 10 per day but they keep his clothes dry which is the point after all! So after our initial purchase, we bought another pack to make sure we had enough to get from one laundry cycle to the next.
The only bib that my 15m old will wear. Its cotton both side non irritating at all. Very well made! Love these!
Happy with Dr browns glass bottles and the replacement nipples. Good flow and our baby is happy
Love this!! Main reason of purchasing was for a nursing cover, these are my favorite
They do the job. I like them. Keeps my baby out of danger.
bought Square Natural Line for toys,this organize my baby play toys ,good size and nice design,i want to order few more of this for toys!
I really like this and it definitely helped me a lot. This product is super useful and has many functions, it helps to keep the milk warm and also sterilizes the bottles.
It seems the terrible two is kicking in early and we had to babyproof the house. After doing some research online and reading a few reviews here I got these locks . They are easy to install and the these actually solve the purpose. Saying that, I want to mention , that I found the magnets weren't strong enough and it seems opening a drawer was getting very challenging. I reached out to the seller and they were like super nice and have this very proactive customer services. They had sent me some replacement keys. I would highly recommend this product!!
Great for carrying my 8lb son
Bought these for my son's family to use with their 14 month old, my grandson. They say they are great on many of the cups and mason jars in their cupboard. Their son does not like to use his own baby sippy cups, he prefers to use what ever it is we adults are using.
Super soft and great colors
Cute product! Love the bag it came with, makes keeping all the pieces together way easier. The milk collector works just as it should, definitely no complaints!
Good helper,Sun shading works well.It's getting hot, just in time.very nice.
Perfect for extremely mobile toddler!
This looks lovely over my son's crib, Thank you!
Ordered it from baby registry so it will be given as a gift so I will not be reviewing this item but it looks very nice and well made.
Love these! Light enough for summer time. Great quality and bigger than the average swaddle blanket. Can double as a nursing cover.
I bought the pink one for my niece's room. My brother is a huge hunting fanatic and thought this would incorporate his love and still have a girly feel. Very subtle but so cute! Light is very soft and ideal for any baby's room!
Well built RC car. It is big and fast, arrived one day after order, just right for the holiday fun! The size is bigger compared to other toys, it is really hobby category instead of toys. Full tires have their own suspension and work well when running surface bumping. It can jump from small slope giving a little accelerate. Control is easy and responded very well. Battery change/charge is very convenient which does not require any extra tool for the car. The remote handle does need small screwdriver to change battery (which is provided along with the car) Highly recommend. I believe it is the best that this amount of money can buy now.
You know that most wheelchair bound folks love to hang things from the handlebars. But if you're the caregiver, stowing the wheelchair in the trunk or wherever, all those bags hanging from the handles are not going to stay put and you'll have to take them off and put them back each time you relocate the chair. Not with this useful little hook. I'm definitely going to buy at least one more. No more will you have to worry about whether the handle on your bags are too "long" for the width of the back of the chair or too short or if you'll have to wrap them around the handles several times. This one little device takes all that mess off your hands. Easy to install or remove, the price will save you more headaches than you realized you had!
I purchased these in an effort to teach my little one good hygiene by washing our hands several times a day. These make hand washing fun and reachable! Even with step stools, my little one has to stretch to get her little hands under the water, but not with these faucet extenders! This was a great buy! I highly recommend.
These came in handy when my baby started walking. She wasn't stable enough on her feet and was always running into corners and falling into things. These gave me piece of mind that she wasn't going to bust her head on a sharp edge or corner.
We love these types of bibs. They are only kind we use. We also do Baby led weaning and these have been a life saver. Easiest bibs to clean too. And very affordable!
Love this product! Bean bag is durable looks great in my girls room.
This product is genius, it makes those car seat naps so much more comfortable especially during long drives. Their heads now stay upright the whole time and I don't have to twist my back multiple times and leaves me at peace.
im so in love with this carseat cover. It's very stretchy fits over my Graco click connect 40. It's very very soft and very warm and the pattern is really cute.
Works great! I just needed something to hear when I'm downstairs
It came and was packaged well. It is fragile but its glass so that's to be expected. It works well and is a cute little science item for kids
it provides a serene and cozy feel to my bedroom
This worked great for our trip. Our 3 year old wants to use it all the time.
I used them to make centerpieces for my sisters baby shower.
I recommend for a kids room my daughters were scared at night but this helped transition them out of our room and into their own since they can pick a color and and it has different settings ! I like this night light
Great size and very sturdy!
My four year old granddaughter loves this seat. She can now see where we are going, plus it is comfortable.
I like them work good
I am very happy with my baby food maker, is easy to clean and easy to use. It has been almost a year so far so good! The money invested is worthy.
These are much nicer than regular bibs. Look better with my baby's cute outfits. Plus they are great quality and keep baby dry.
Wish I would have found these sooner. Works perfectly with my infantino station that I use to make babyfood. They slide in just fine and the tubes screw on just the same. The bottoms are strong once sealed and great for my mischievous son who would make a mess if he could open it. People claim its hard to open the bottom, and it is if your hands are wet.
This is perfect! Sturdy enough to keep my baby in, big enough an adult can easily fit inside with her and have room to spare. She is 14 months and I think this will easily last til 2 years old. Easy to assemble, safe and she loves it. Which means I do too!
Soooooo adorable. But won't fit a premie baby, but we made it work.
Since I bought this item is my car always organized, all my baby stuff are in there and no more flying around. Also really enjoying it at home. I find this being the most useful baby item I've got since my baby was born.
Perfect smaller plates for everyday. Love that you can use them in the microwave. Bought the bowls to match.
Worth the money. Purchased and shipped to west coast for a family vacation. Has worked great.
This is a good purchase if you dont like to drill holes to mount your camera. It's easy to install and sturdy enough to hold our baby cam. I have an Infant Optics camera and the mount had no problem holding it to our desired angle.
Grandkids love these! They love collecting eggs and matching shapes
Works great for walls but a little too big for door frames!
Great product!! It is very sturdy and thick plastic
Best sound machine ever! This is my second one because I have another baby on the way. So glad it was finally on sale! I would of paid full price though because I love it that much. I personally can't sleep without it either. But I love how it can go all night long without shutting off. The belly night light is perfect! So I'm not tripping in the middle of the night. I can see my daughter if she gets out of her bed which is in my room. And it's enough light for her not to be scared. Amazing purchase and helps with sleep dramatically! I would highly recommend it. I've had my first one for two years now and it still working perfectly! I love the water white noise sound it's our favorite! It's not annoying or have a loop sound u catch and drive u crazy. Deff love this purchase
I loveee this! It was such a lifesaver and pumping got so much better
So far I like it. The rain noise is the best for me. I also like that this unit is small and you can easily take it with you on the go which is a huge plus for me.
Great for sleep, play, and travel! Everyday use!
This is my sons new favorite bath toy!! I almost purchased this a few months ago, and now I wish that I would have. He absolutely loves it! He plays with it in the bathtub and out of the bathtub! Definitely a good toy and so glad I decided to purchase this. I definitely would recommend this for anyone who is looking for more "action" type bath toys!
Excellent first teether! Very easy to grip and the top part is just the right size for a small mouth.
Decent bag for the price. I love all the compartments.
I bought this for my daughter and she loves it! In our smaller house it works great she never gets stuck anywhere!
I ordered these for my daughter's toddler bed. They lasted well over 2 years before I got rid of the toddler bed and transitioned my little one to a twin mattress. Fabric is soft & breathable.
Perfect for my baby to keep her covered!
I wanted a nursing pillow but didnt know which one was the best to get. A friend if mine suggested this pillow and I couldn't be more happy. Its is big enough to wrap around your waste. It's also perfect to sit baby up in it. For a colic baby its perfect.
It arrived on time and was exactly as described.
Amazing.. works great and easy to install
I purchased this to have a place for my new granddaughter when she came to visit. Very easy to set up and is quite sturdy. I would definitely recommend this product to others.
Works well. Great customer service.
These little catheters really help. No gripe water or gas drops will help as this product. My baby sleeps better now.
What a special gift! The blanket arrived only a few days after I ordered it and it looks great.
This are super cute, bought them for my sons socks and shoes. They are small but great to store an infant's things. Would be used good to store small things in a bathroom as well
My baby was getting a flat head so I got this to help during supervised nap time, it definitely helped! I would recommend!
Works well. My daughter (7) can operate it. Like this one better than a similar silver one of the same basic design. This one has smoother operation.
very nice car seat from infant to booster seat.
We really liked this as a transition swaddle! Our little one is almost 5 months and he likes to suck on his fingers. He is able to still do that and the fabric is lightweight enough not to overheat him! I will be getting him another one!
I've been looking for a tape like this forever, but it's so hard w my big boobs! It fits PERFECT. Comfy, no slip, good quality, affordable and way better support than what I had expected.
Super nice fits on different cups.
These are honestly my favorite swaddles. I have had a muslin blanket obsession, I guess as part of my nesting, and have spent a LOT of money on some of the fancier brands like Aden+Anais and Little Unicorn. These swaddles are SO MUCH SOFTER. Even before washing. I've washed these once, and all my other brands four times and these are leaps and bounds better. I'm so disappointed that I spent as much as I did on other swaddles instead of just buying several packs of these.
I love this. I love the lid. It's a silicone lid that sticks really well and seals very well. Perfect proportions. Really easy to pop frozen things out.
Amazing. So happy we went with this car seat. Was recommended by two other close friends and I see why! Love it!
Love the softness and great fit on standard crib mattress. These are my favorite sheets I have. Been using over a year with no complaints
I have use the larger ones for several years now. I bought these for my youngest daughter...PERFECT!
Very pleased with this. Fit the boppy perfectly. Love the material and great quality!
Really really soothing for my baby ... the sound is great! And the best part about it is that you can record your own voice .... but wait it gets even better when the baby cries it automatically activates a d calms down your baby ! Really really cool
I didn't realize the side of it was navy blue - it adds such a beautiful pop of color!!
would give a 5 but not microwave safe. Will spark in microwave. update: found out the hotdogs we were using actually cause the spark. who would have guessed.
These headbands are wonderful!! Sold for an excellent price! These headbands fit our newborn and our 9-year old neice. I highly recommend them! Please mark if you find my review helpful. Thank you so much!
Love our K'tan. Very comfortable. Easy to use with a little practice. Wraps up and fits easily into our diaper backpack, so we are never without a baby carrier. I much preferred this over the long scarf styles wraps like Boba. The tech fabric is very breathable, it made wearing baby totally feasible in a hot and humid climate. Still works great in winter, just make sure baby has enough layers before you put them in.
I am impressed with the quality of this product. It's perfect for my 7 year old to wear, and it doesn't look babyish at all. It's stylish and cute. The size of it is also perfect. I love the packaging it came in because it can be used to keep the product clean in between uses! Also, it came with a handwritten thank you note from one of the owners! How cool is that? Definitely a firs for me. Will buy more of these in the future.
This bra has been a game changer. Fits perfectly and has such a range of settings I'm confident it would fit almost anybody. It is super easy to get the flanges into the appropriate slots and the bra itself is comfortable. I don't know why I waited so long to get this!
My 3 month old grandson loves his soft comfy pillow
Daughter plays with this in the bath all the time.
Super cute, functional and easy to use!
Great socks that fit nicely, stay on well, & have the anti-slip bottom.
The appearance is very cute, the design is very convenient, the quality is OK, the price is very affordable, and the color is beautiful. The toilet is very well designed and easy to take out for cleaning. It is very comfortable to sit.
These are so much better than the plastic spiked balls that you find at many stores. They prevent static cling and provide softness to clothing, just as intended. No need for dryer sheets or fabric softener. Great buy.
Works perfectly. Using as extra seat.
The shape and flexibility are great I know our grandbaby will enjoy them
This is so cute and huggable! Am surprised the quality was so good for the price! Bought it as a decor for a baby shower. Gave it to the mommy to be and I keep one for myself!
This product came fast. I love the material on this blanket it stays flat when you're taking the picture. This blanket is huge. I highly recommend this product it's perfect
This robe has all the things that I was looking for, for my newborn. Its extra soft, super warm, absorbent, and looks adorable! I wish they had more colors.
My baby always find a way to lay down, he lays to one side so it didn't help me to keep him seated but it's a great gym
Easy to put together. All very useful features. Haven't tried traveling with it yet. Would highly recommend.
I Bought this for my 15 months girl as we wanted to start potty training her. This potty training seat is very comfortable and fits all our toilets. The potty seat arrived fully assembled with easy instructions to set up on the toilets. It's padded and very softly cushioned and is very sturdy for our child to sit on with side handles to hold onto and feel safe. We have been using this for the past week and so far so good...highly recommend!
We have bought many of these. Some have lasted four/five years. Soooo handy for catching dropped bites, easy to clean and they stand up. Love!
I bought a crib tent years ago. It wasn't perfect, but it did the job. That crib tent is no longer made. This crib tent is so much better. It's very easy to install. It's much easier to install than the one I purchased years ago. My 2 year old son is smart. At first he was very interested in this crib tent, but he put 2 and 2 together and took off running. Lol. Now mommy and daddy can have a restful night once again.
Accommodates our infant car seat. Rides smooth. Folds easily.
I'm using it as a gift bag for baby clothes. Perfect!
I really like this head support and I'm not sure why it took me so long to buy it... highly recommend it!
Worked great, easy to install.
Super cute and do their job very well.
It does the work, our baby stays warm when we go out...
We love it! Works perfectly. Good coverage
I'm so glad that I got these.
Love these!! Work so well! And great customer service.
Love these! Fashionable, good quality, great fit. They are the bibs we always reach for first! Hold up well through many, many washings!
The picture does it no justice.
Great look lights. Blue light covers enough area and does not bother your eyes even when you wake up for that bathroom break in the middle of the night.
She loves them!! Good Job :)
Easy to use, seems accurate - great for tracking the whole family when everyone is sick at the same time!
Perfect for my newborn photo shoot.
We bought these to store our babies homemade purées and they have worked out perfectly and don't spill! They keep well in the fridge or freezer and they are very easy to clean!
This roomy little seat is a perfect and easy to use bathtime helper to keep your little one from slumping down into the bath water. It installs and removes quickly and easily, and the suction cup stabilizers are super strong on a smooth surface. Be warned though, if your little one can extricate him- or herself from a Bumbo or other seat, they'll be able to easily get out of this one too.
Like their different colors! It's versatile I can used for some sauce or salsa and I used the purple color. My toddler used different colors for her snacks like cereal and fruits. And purée foods for my baby. It's easy to clean. The lids are really leak proof. Good quality!
We have hardwood floors throughout our main living area and when my nephew is here he's always sliding on the floor because of his socks. Well these socks did the trick and he can now stand upwards due to their non-slip bottom. The socks are well made and fit well. They aren't too tight, yet stay on little feet. The material is soft and doesn't seem to bother kids. I got 6 socks from the images show. I'm not sure why the images show 12 different pairs if you only get 6 pairs of socks. So we were surprised to see what we got. But the socks are cute and bright.
These are great. My toddler is a picky eater but he'll basically eat anything that comes in a pouch. Those little pouches are expensive, though! These are great because I can make my own and then reuse them. They are like ziplocks on the side so they are easy to fill and clean. Also, they are cute!
The set is perfect. I like it contains 4 items and it's very convenient in use
This works so well!! It takes off all the yellow stains of poop so far. Doesn't leave any traces. I will definitely try this in regular stains when the time comes.
Nice colors, washable, safe and easy to use. GREAT PRICE!
Very pleased with the durability of this bag! Lots of pockets for storage and has excellent padding for your back. Definetely a great bag to have for traveling or park use or frankly for everyday.
Works great! Nice and dimly bright.
It's a really practical tool for the those potty challenges out there especially in the crowded places . It folds and unfold very quick, it doesn't get in contact with the inner walls of the adult seat toilet and it's got 0 weight so you can carry it easily everywhere.
I find these liners very absorbent and highly recommend them.
I have these for both of my children and recently purchased for a friend. They were cheaper on amazon than their website! Blocks are sturdy, have had no problems or complaints with them for the 5 years we've had ours. Makes a cute baby gift!
Love these for night time sleeping. The twins are sleeping much better.
I bought this for my new born. It shows both C/F values. You can measure the temperature from forehead and ear. It is really easy to use!
I ordered this item at 9 PM and it said 2 day Prime delivery. It was at my doorstep the next morning. I was surprised at how fast it was delivered. My daughter loves it! I keep this in the back of my car for the times when she has to go on the road.
Fit well, 7 lb baby. Very cute. Good price.
Great quality for the price! Easy to use and travel with!
I am obsessed with Hippos, and purple, and you can rarely find stuffed purple hippos, though this was a baby set and I don't really need the blanket pillow or rattle versions, and wish i could have got pieces separately, I am very happy with the set, they are sooo soft, squishy and I love them. :)
Very well made. Super cute, soft and comfortable. Brilliant design with extended front fabric under chin but not extra fleece so it doesn't bunch up uncomfortably under chin. It did fade a little in the wash, but that seems to be characteristic of organic fabric things. Highly recommend!
Easy to wash, good quality, and better for the environment than ziplock bags
As pictured. Used it three times for 6 mins each in the microwave and its holding up very well.
My mother gave me the flamingo version of this blanket and we loved it so much I ordered another. The pattern is super cute and it's so soft. It's also really big. I have some other muslin blankets and they're the back ups now because this one is so great!
My 2 year old loves this! He sleeps in a large. We love that he can't kick it off him at night and it's very comfortable for him. We used to use the Halo fleece sleepers but I came across these and made the switch. We live up north and have very cold winters, we keep our house at about 70° at night and he's does great in this sleeper. This keeps him warmer than the fleece and he LOVES getting into it at night! Super soft & cozy, only wish I found it sooner! Planning to get one for our 8 months old as well. Too bad they don't make adult sizes! ;) Worth every penny!
Although my baby isn't due until October, my niece was born in May and I have been loving all the time and practice I am getting with her. One of the hardest parts for me about her care is getting a good swaddle. Her arms always seem to pop out of blankets that are a certain fabric. These muslim- fabric swaddles/ blankets are so breathable and offer the perfect amount of give for a perfect swaddle. And the different patterns are so cute and perfect for a gender neutral gift! They come rolled and wrapped and would be a good addition to a baby basket of goodies or even a shower gift. Love these and this fabric!
Cute and small and no one would kno its a diaper bad
So cute! I am excited to use it!
I love it, my child always tries to pull it off the high chair and can't . very good product and it makes eating so much fun!
the only bibs I will use! my son is a MESS and these keep him so clean at home and when we eat out!
Great product ... horrible delivery! The delivery man threw the package from the top of my driveway against my garage door. I wish I could have recorded it... luckily the item was not broken!
I bought it for my daughter and she loved it!
Exactly as the name says - perfect space saving bottle drying rack. Fits nicely up against the wall behind our normal dish drying rack. Would certainly recommend.
Extremely supportive! My husband who is 6'3 260lbs loves this carrier. The back support including the straps are wonderful for his achy back. I will be wearing this once the newest baby comes in a month so I will try to update when I get to try this out for the first time!
I love this play space! I use it for a 9-month-old who likes to pull up and so far it has withstood the challenge. It is so easy to set up, too. And it is big enough that he doesn't feel confined. I love that there are no rough edges.
Great product! Made my son's crib mattress very soft to sleep in. I only bought it after excessive research and I'm happy I chose this product! The fact it's organic and waterproof is just another plus to an already perfect mattress top :)
This diaper bag backpack is stylish and good price! It looks exactly like it does in the photos, so don't worry about that! I thought it was going to be a little bit on the bulky side, but it's actually not at all. The functionally of the diaper bag is awesome! It's deep and stylish, has plenty of pockets and the bottle compartment does keep milk warm for awhile. I've only been using this mommy bag for a few days so I can't speak to it's long term durability.
I have this brush since I had my baby, and still use it nowadays( his one )
very easy to use and set up.
A small gift I gave my sister and I keep hearing how much she loves them. Her favorite socks
Great item would buy again
Excited to give this product as a gift, it is soft to the touch and I love the neutral colors of grey with white dots. Will buy again when I need a gift for a baby shower.
Super soft! Stops my son from being able to damage his crib. He loves playing with the ties.
This is the only perfect toddler harness I've found. Pros: cushioning under the arms, no backpack (portable), choice of loop (easy control) or long leash style, attaches and clips in back so she can't undo it. I know people might side-eye toddler leashes. But at busy airports managing many bags and an over tired toddler, this has been a lifesaver.
Very easy to use and comfortable
I bought this as a gift for my daughter, her little girl it's a month now and she wanted to carry her baby in a comfortable way. She loves this carrier, she stated "it's so comfy that it feels like it's not there at all ". I'm happy for them!! I recommend this product in a bit!. Thank you.
Got it in 1 day. Soft and clean, user friendly with lots of strings that can tight it up. No unpleasant smell. Nicely fit.
What can I say, I love it and so does my little one!
Very cute mitten and great price. Higly recommend
I love this diaper bag! It fits everything I need and more in it! The company has good customer service as well! I would buy this again and recommend it to others.
Perfect little stocking stuffers. Love to give these for gifts.
we used this in our tent and loved how it had the side zipper to get the baby out and put her back in easily.
material is soft and this is important for babies' skin. good product. nice pastel colors too.
Who ever invented this is great...would defently recomend
I love it my son loves to sit and play with his food
Great interacting and learning gym and nice size for the little one. Very happy with this product and it can easily grow with my son.I would definitely recommend.
Super cute, fits our whale theme well.
This product includes the thermometer, two AAA batteries, carrying pouch, and instructions. I was very happy to see that the batteries it needs were included. The actual thermometer reads temperatures extremely fast. I tried all three modes: ear, forehead, and object. All read nearly instantly in button push. With a baby this is very useful. Using a regular thermometer takes way too long and results in inaccurate readings with a baby that moves too much. I much more prefer this one
The storage boxes are very nice and are an easy way to help organize your living space. The boxes are convenient and lightweight which are nice. I would recommend this product to others.
I bought this to match my car seat canopy and it's not really Chevron stripes they are more like squiggly lines but I still love it so much it holds so much I can't believe it. Great quality really I was amazed and the packaging it came it was great for the price really really impressed with this one diaperbag. Will repurchase one more for the future and will recommend to cousins and will also make great baby shower gifts. I didn't receive the stroller straps but still love my diaper bag and get compliments all the time!
This is the second pillowcase I've purchased so far. Love them!
Great for organization and not losing babies items
It's easy to install and uninstall. It's not very sturdy if you are expecting it to stand while a toddler pushes it or leans against it. It works very well for an infant who is making a transition from a small baby bathtub to a bigger space, and it works fine with a toddler under supervision. True money saver!
I bought these for my 13 month old son to wear to a skeet shoot. At first he wouldn't wear them but we worked with him for a couple weeks and now he loves them and pulls them out for us to put on him! My son had never been around gunfire and first thing at the skeet shoot was firing off a cannon!! I put the muffs on him and he didn't even flinch! (but I did!) Great quality product! Definitely recommend!
Our twins loved them. They were never big pacifier babies but bought these for a long trip. Worked well and easy to clean.
Baby loves them! keeps her cloths dry.
babies are messy, we all know this. this mat is great for the price. be clean. buy this mat.
This Pack 'n Play is a very good size for the two to three year old, and is built with excellent sturdy construction.
I had no trouble getting this product on my faucet. The look is cute and the product is simple. I gave the second one to my mom to use when she's watching the kids and she really likes it too. For the price, it works great and the look can go with any theme. It's great for the kids. I very much recommend it.
Wish I bought these for my last vehicle!! Definitely saving my new vehicle glad I purchased
Love using this bottle with disposable nipples when we are traveling. They never leak. They can fit over 7 oz if you fill all the way to the top. They are super easy to clean.
Thought it didn't work at first but figured it out
Our daughter never learned to use silly cups but transitioned from bottle to these silly cups easily!
We love the Ubbi Diaper pail. It blocks all odors, unlike other diaper pails which is awesome. My husband and I like that we can use any trash bag, but have found that the Ubbi bags are best since they don't stretch. We were using the Glad Stretch bags but it was a workout to get the bags out.
This peach wrap was amazing for photos. It is so soft and the colors were beautiful.
Its very nice. Very soft but my child decided that she will sleep without it. Idk why?! 😱 i would of loved it.
Works great, easy to install. Comes with the hardware you need.
This provided so much fun entertainment for my baby. So many things to play with and the bouncing feature is a bonus! Super easy to assemble.
This is the perfect little caddy for us. We use it to carry items for our 1 year old in between rooms and it's compact enough that our 3 year old helper can grab individually items or hold the whole thing to bring it to us. It's also super stylish ! Love it !
Looks good I didn't use it yet.
My 6 month old favorite toy. It is awesome since he is teething.
Got these for a great price and have them as extras for my toddler!
Alabama summers are brutal and I was sick of getting my infant out of the car seat with sweat all down his back. This thing is so easy to install and gets the job done efficiently. Absolutely recommend
I use this bottle with my one month old, who is primarily breastfed, but takes a few ounces of formula a day. I don't have a strong supply, so I wanted a bottle with a very slow flow, to keep her from developing a bottle preference. I also wanted to make sure I didn't overwhelm her newborn stomach with too much liquid at a time. I started her with another bottle that was technically slow flow, but she still seemed to drink it very quickly. When I bought this bottle, I could tell a huge difference - it takes her at least twice as long to drink the same amount now, which is what I wanted. She takes this bottle without a problem, and still nurses enthusiastically. She does still spit up occasionally, but I think that's unavoidable. I also like the small, squat size, which for me fits perfectly in my purse, if I don't feel like carrying a full diaper bag.
I am short and bought this to get into a high bed. I also use it in motorhome to reach high cupboards. Very handy to have around
This thermometer is super easy to use and it's lightweight. The device comes with batteries as well. Great investment for your nursery.
So in my quest to find something to help with my back pain and avoid repeat visits for a prenatal massage I came across something wondrous! Not all of us can afford to spend $60-$100 each time our backaches and let's be honest, that's a lot. Fortunately I have been blessed with a partner who rubs my back for me but it isn't the same when I can't lay on my belly. Well this is why the search began... Between hip, low back and shoulder pain I've been in tears more than I care to think about. So I invested in this thing... The Cozy Bump. My God has it been worth it in just the almost week I've had it. I've fallen asleep laying in it (belly Sleeper here) without getting a massage. It makes my hips feel so much better. Oh and it also has a breast cut out so our boobs aren't squished! That's an important tidbit there!
Love this stuff. I had a jar of this for about 20 years, seriously!! it lasted forever. when I ran out I was frantic to find more. Gotta love Amazon, they have everything. So, I found it here at Amazon. it is in a different package but still the same stuff. it works on the stove to remove baked on food, pots and pans, cleans white porcelain sinks and tubs. it smells like cherries because it is made from cherry pits. you will not be disappointed!
Super soft and a great washcloth!
Love this training potty, very easy to assemble , it's very sturdy, my daughter loves it, she can climb up and down herself..it's a big help to me ..
Way eaiser to clean than the nose Frieda. I lost mine and was looking for a cheaper replacement. Works just fine!
Very nice quality! Sturdy, cute and functional!!
We have a one year old and she gets into everything. I got these to use on the toilets because we definitely don't want her opening up those. They are easy to use and great for child proofing.
I loved it! I actually buy these for my pup and he ruined his last one so i was stoked when i found this online. Came fast and was so cute.
This is a life saver. With all the compartments that it has, it makes carrying all the essentials for my little baby a breeze. Absolutely love this bag, and recommend to anyone loooking for a great diaper bag/all around bag.
It was very useful for traveling . We used it at the hotel rooms and at a friend house .
I bought this for my mom to use on her refrigerator because her refrigerator has so many stuffs and sometime the door doesn't close very well and she likes it so much
These a re decent bed protector. Does the job, cute, washes well. I'd buy again.
The bonus for this purchase was that my grandson actually enjoys monkeying with the gate and trying to reshape it as part of his exploration. It works extremely well, and he will outgrow it before it wears out!
From what I can tell there's no such thing as a perfect stroller-- however this comes pretty close for basic everyday needs! It's lightweight for its size, easy to push (even with one hand), has a huge basket and I love the different ways you can use the seats, from facing in to facing out and having a car seat. Overall I'm happy with this stroller and wish I'd bought it before!! CONS: Brake seems very cheap. Do NOT use brakes on a steep incline. I don't think it would hold. Mechanism to fold the stroller does not work great-- it's caught on me several times and I really had to struggle to fold the stroller--and I had only used it a few times. Seems like that part to make stroller fold could use some improvement.
Bought this as a gift and they use it everyday for their baby.
The new potty is very cute. My son likes to go pee now with this new potty.
Held up well, the straps did not rip away from the bag like others I have used before
Love this thing! Use it everyday!! Very handy with a 3 year old and a baby!
Loved these, there super cute & good quality for a great price
So simple to use. You get fast results. Doesn't hurt my child at all.
Absolutely love these cups. Hate the new version so I came to Amazon to buy an extra set. Leak proof, twist cap hides straw to avoid dirtying it.
Just what I pictured! Can't wait to use it. Quality seems to be good, we shall see in the long run.
O like it. Very functional.
Very bright colors. My grandaughter loves it. Very light.
This pop up high chair is sturdy and well made. They thought of everything! I am very very pleased!
Very nice, all wood, easy to move where needed.
Fast delivery. Item arrived as described.
I liked that both my Medela freezer bag and Medela Pump in Style we're able to fit in the bottom compartment. Even with those in there's still room for lunch , etc. in top part of the bag. Super convenient for going back to work.
Cute, good quality, packaged differently than the ones I've seen in stores.
It helps a lot for warming the milk. Previously I need to pour a bit to my hand now and then to check the temperature, but still not that accurate and also troublesome. With it is much easier, just put the bottle and water inside and press 1 button, it willl notify me once temperature reached, nice and easy. The heating is not that fast, guess for not breaking the nutrition, so usually I put some warm water to make it quicker.
Great stroller cover, specially in these rainy days.Keeps my baby dry.
I've been looking at car organizers and came across to find this! The cubes are designed nicely and I'm able to fit each items into the spaces perfectly!!
I have this installed in my 2012 Honda Civic and 2002 Ford Explorer, the car seat is narrow enough to allow 3 car seats to fit in the back of my 2012 Honda Civic. The base is easy to install, the car seat is easy to adjust to the size of the kid, and the car seat is easy to carry.
This is actually better then I anticipated and is going to be perfect when we can transition to a belt with the deep sides you can get your hands to the buckle. You get what you pay for so I didn't expect luxury but the sides are defiantly more prominent then in the picture. Very happy
This hammock was much more sturdy and better quality than any toy hammock I've ever seen or used. I'm extremely happy with my purchase
Good product. They are not soft as foam ones but look clear and nicer than big pieces of brown/black foam. No smelly and sticking good. It saved little's head and my leg several times. Five star!
I bought this for my goddaughter so that she could replace the much brighter night light she was using. She loved the idea of having different shades of light and is afraid to sleep in the dark. It was such a success I am considering purchasing more for my other family members. It is a great night light for children and I love the color shade options.
Like that it's compact but practical
never burst in the freezer. great bags
Bought it for my nephew, and we all love it Thanks
A is a really cool chair. Bought for out Grandson's 1st birthday and its become an everyday chair - both for indoors and outdoors
I just got it so far it's good buy for me and great to use especially when breastfeeding when baby is latch on one breast you can use the pump to get the milk from the other rather let it just drip to waste
The very best $20 ive ever spent! My 3 yr old was scared of the dark and he would always come to my bed in the middle of the night..i bought this and from day 1 of him having it he sleeps in his bed all night long! He asks for his "bunny" every night before bed. I would recommend this to every parent!
My daughter loves using it for short and long trips.
Got this diaper pail for only $14. It's convenient and inexpensive I'm pleased with this purchase.
great for little ones, and so cute!
Arrived on time. It's a gift so haven't opened them yet.
My grandson loves this! He's only 2 months and it keeps him busy!
My sweetie really loves the 3D moon. It is pretty jazzy!
My baby loves it and is only 2.5 months! I'm sure he will love it even more the older he gets!! It stays on his clothes and he loves to grip onto it!
This squeeze station is amazing!! Extremely quick and easy to use. Cleanup us a breeze and it made the food making process a breeze!! Love it and will recommend it to everyone!
I found out that rubber turns white after you re-sanitize it. its from the water scalding. they will return to normal color in a couple of days. This is perfectly normal so don't panic if it happens.
So versatile and very stylish too. I love this diaper bag. After having two others this is my favorite one.
I love my hoppy pillow and this giraffe cover is so cute and adorable. I have two covers that I rotate through and wash this every week or as needed if there's some spit up involved.
These fit my table and tv stands perfectly. My nephew comes over a lot. He is 3 years old and super active. We want to protect him while he is at our place. These small corner guards are big help.
This was a really nice product. The wood was beautiful and matched our crib perfectly! We had issues with the slats being an inch too small, but the sellers were very quick to respond and worked out a very fair agreement in a timely manner.
We love these balls, soft, no smell, and quality seems to be okay. Somehow small, and my one-year-old can grasp it with absolutely no problem. He even learnt to throw with these, half of them went backwards though. We are 100% satisfied with these balls. Please make sure the size is what you want before purchase.
These are great. Easy to clean, don't damage clothes and stay attached.
Love this! Perfect for our little girl who loves munching on her hand! At first I thought the crackling noise was annoying but she loves it and gets so excited when she hears me pulling it out of the diaper bag. Seems like it will last all through teething (as long as we don't loose it). I love the color, I'm glad they had this as an option vs other girly bright pinks and things, this is more our style :).
Super cute. My niece loved them!
The material is durable, has plenty of compartments and is comfortable to wear. All the functions are so helpful. Recommend it. Colors are cute too.
Best bottle I have found. Easy to dissasemble and clean. Would not by any other Brand!
Great to have when your baby starts filling up the changing table and you need some space. The caddy is neat, holds a lot and stays out of the way.
My daughter loves this Unicorn, clip makes it convenient to take everywhere
Love the fact it keeps my little one from rooms he don't need to be in and no pinched fingers when trying to close doors
Nice size for holding lots of stuffed animals. We have had no issues.
Love this basket, use it for my kids toys, it is the perfect size to hide the kid mess and make our living room look nice again! Love the clean and simple look and how soft the fabric is for my kid to play with.
This bra is way easier to use than my medela or lansinoh hands free bras! I can put it OVER my clothing and pump! Very simple, and works effectively.
Very happy with these. They are small enough for my 8 month old to use, but still big enough to keep my almost 3 year old happy with the serving. Easy to fill, clean, and use. Highly recommend! Just remember to put the cap on before you fill it. Ask me how I know...
This is a life saver! The fitted sheets and blanket are the best! I'm not constantly worrying that my daughter kicked her blanket off. It stays in place and keeps the kids cozy! The turquoise color is very pretty. It comes with everything you need in one set. Perfect!
This is my toy bin and is a very good size for that in the corner of my living room. It is cute and durable.
We Love Our Itzy Ritzy Mini, I purchased the mini after traveling with our Boss, and loving it! I wanted something smaller for our upcoming vacation to Disney World that I could take into the park! This will be perfect! Pleasantly surprised with how small it is the amount of storage! The color, taupe is gorgeous too!
Purchased this for my 2 year old nephew. It arrived in a box that was smaller than expected.. for kind of nervous lol but all pieces were accounted for. Super easy to put together and is very durable.
Comes in a neat package. Easy to install! Does the job in keeping my toddler out of the cabinets.
My baby absolutely loves these, especially the black and white one. She is 3 months old and it is by far her favorite toy, she likes kicking them and grabbing them to make them crackle.
I purchased these clips for my son as I'm tired of picking up and washing his pacifier all the time. He likes them a lot and they go great with my MAM pacifiers.
I use two of these in a pocket diaper along with a bamboo insert for overnight for my 1.5 year old. No leaks so far; she only occasionally fills them all up.