Totally uncomfortable
This product caused severe burning of my skin. I have used other brands with no problems
I like the looks of the clock; however, it is defective. I put in battery, but the clock does NOT work.
I received a flesh colored product when I had ordered the black.
Burned my skin and box looked like It was used
I had high hopes, but ... the products has a seriously unpleasant taste and aftertaste. The consistency isn't bad ... so glad I only bought 1 small bag.
PAY FOR 2 GET 1. GO ELSEWHERE AS IT IS A RIP OFF.
I received this order right before leaving for a long camping trip. It was missing the plug to close it. I contacted amazon. They could not help me with getting the missing piece, so I tried to contact the seller. They never responded to me.
30% of the cups were stuck to each other and impossible to separate. Had friends and family try to pull them apart and no one was able to. Tried heat, tried cold - nothing worked. Extremely disappointed. The picture shows a stack of cups that comes apart and one that does not
Super disappointed that i ordered and never receive this product, had to end up canceling because it took over 3 weeks to even be shipped. Wont buy again from this vendor.
it is advertised to get rid of cigarette odors did not do what I needed still smells like smoke
I took this as directed before getting a ride to the airport. I knew I would be in the back of the car on the drive. I started getting nauseous in the car (just like I usually do). Then on our flight, I got so overly nauseous to the point that I thought I was going to throw up. I know the exact symptoms -- first I start getting sweaty so I told my husband that I wasn't feeling well. I started to panic because I could see out of the window how high in the air we still were. He gave me a plastic bag just in case. I will never rely on this product again. While we were away, I went and bought the regular Dramamine that I had always relied on. It did the trick. I'm throwing this one that I got on Amazon in the garbage. I always love everything that I buy from Amazon so this is a definite first!
I wish I could do half a star. I suffer from chronic neck and back pain and wanted to invest in something to relieve the pain. After reading on the different massagers, i settled on this one. My meds had worn off at 2am and the pain work me up. I decided to try the massager to get some relief until the next round of meds kicked in. I'm SUPER DISAPPOINTED! This worked for all of 30 seconds and then the nodes stopped working and the heat turned off. Seriously! Now stuck waiting in pain until meds kick in. I will be returning this item ASAP. Thanks for nothing!
Useless, basically its like a kazoo for your nose, does not alleviate snoring at all, if anything it made by nose feel sore the morning after, and is easily clogged if you have sinus issues.
WAY TOO SWEET! It tasted like straight sugar. Would not buy again
I will not use it. It is too big for what I want it for.
Item received was broken, with product leaking out and all over the jar.
The grabber is longer, which is nice. Although it did not have much of a grip on the grabber end...
Tried two shirts and a sweater. The shirts both had holes torn in them while being very gentle. The heavy knit sweater looks better. Would not buy again.
I was extremely disappointed to find that a good majority of the vitamins inside the packaging were broken and crumbled. Basically half of the vitamins needed to be thrown away.
Followed the instructions for starting off - made it about 3 days and could no longer stand the intense hunger this leaves you with! Not only that, but if you are going to try to stick it out, one can only lasts about 4 days. You'll need about two cans a week. IF IT SEEMS TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE - IT PROBABLY IS! Believe it for this.
Not worth the money! Stop working after a month
When I purchased this I didn't realize there were two different formulas. I have been using the natural for years and been very happy with it. When I started using this formulation it would just run off an apple leaving very little to rub with. It is very watery and did not remove the wax. Then I realized my mistake. I am going back to the natural and dumping the organic.
I have no issue with product, I have been using it a long time. However the package was left on my stoop with plastic poorly containing broken box and burst bottle with soapy substance spilling out on and soaking into wood flooring. Very disappointing to say the least. For a company who deals with shipping ordered products to customers careful packaging it upmost important when shipping liquids. As a result unable to give even one star especially considering the length of time it took to clean up the mess caused by shipping. Unable to submit without a star.........but not deserving.
Awful product. It changes and appears like a chemical solution after using for couple of days. This product doesn't seem authentic. Please don't waste your money.
not worth the cost - I see no results
The product was damaged when I received it. The contents had leaked and dried to the outside of the bottle and you can see clear damage to the sticker indicating the liquid has leaked down the side of the bottle. Very dissatisfied. I am returning for a refund.
Did not deliver as pictured item. Received a knock off.
Got sick from the product. Yall need to emphasize the importance of the ingredients. My body broke out in a rash from my face, arms, and legs. My body was trembling and had bad nausea with accompanied dizziness. I almost ran to the hospital before my husband cut me off from the product. I couldn't believe it but soon after quitting cold turkey. I felt better than I have since I started drinking it. Beware
If I could give negative stars I would! DO NOT BUY!! Product is literally in a thick plastic capsule, VERY HARD TO SWALLOW, and I doubt it's safe. The product is not FDA APPROVED. Literally says it right on the bottle. Amazon is going to get sued eventually for allowing such sellers to sell products such as this. I'm not even sure if the product inside the capsule is Vitamin C, it feels and taste like plastic. (I opened the capsule and tried to mix it in my water, but the little beads inside do not even dissolve, like I said MOST LIKELY PLASTIC)!!!!!!!
I've ordered this twice and each time got the wrong bow. Don't feel like going through the return again.
I'm sure the product is fine but the sale is deceiving. They say they will send you two, but you only get one. For $70 dollars when you can go Walgreens for $27.99 for one bottle.
I bought two of these to help with my carpal tunnel symptoms. The product measurement is supposed to be based on your wrist circumference. Based on my wrist circumference, a "Large" should have fit. I have large palms and these items were too tight to easily pull on and off; particularly considering I bought them for carpal tunnel. They were actually cramping my hand. I'm sure they'd be fine for someone with smaller hands. I have no issues with the product quality; just the sizing. There was a review mentioning this and I thought, "It's probably an isolated issue." I was wrong. It's not. Sooo...there's a fast $40 bucks down the toilet...and the last Futuro product I will buy ever just on principle.
I ordered this TP over 3 months ago and it still has not shipped. This is ridiculous.
I wear a size 7 an 8 in thongs they barley covered the front part of my panties a waste of money
I decided to try this for my GERD after reading all those great reviews. I took two gels on an empty stomach as directed about 30 minutes before breakfast. After a few hours I became nauseous; this was followed by terrible flatulence, then diarrhea, then finally by the worst acid reflux I've suffered in over a decade. I have to wonder if this is even the same product reviewed! GARBAGE. Wish I could give minus-four stars.
This is very uncomfortable and doesn't support your back like it states. It digs into your armpits.
1st time using this brand and definitely the last. Both tests came out invalid and were completely useless. Went and bought another well known brand and got results within seconds.
Piece of garbage tightened it up to start stretching and the joint broke first turn. Wasn't going crazy on it as soon as a little pressure got on the shoe it broke. Tried the second one and the same happened. Don't waste your time or money.
They sent me the wrong product. I tried to return or replace and the policy is no returns. There is no option to even contact the seller. Nordic Naturals better fix this
These came in a huge box with other things that were glass!! The box was so big this poor little bottle just went from one place to the next in that huge box!! I'm surprised they weren't broken all to pieces. Not to mention there was a gaping hole where the tape didn't even catch !! I could stick my hand inside the box while it was taped!!
Did not work wast of time sending anything back
I ordered to find that this looks absolutely nothing like the website description. The proportions are different the product is very flat versus the pictures provided and overall was very disappointing, unless you have a pretty small member it will not fit. Don't purchase this as it will be a waste of time and money. I am surprised this has a good rating.
Love the product. Hate ordering it from Amazon. At least twice, Amazon has cancelled my order on the day it was scheduled to arrive. Why sell it if you can't safely deliver a liquid formula?
I've been taking this product for a week now. I've been staying faithful on exercising and low carb. I haven't lost one pound. Frustrated
I received this today and am new to the product. I ignored the negative reviews thinking it had so many good reviews. I do not know what the consistency is supposed to be like but I know I do not like this. It is like pouring water out of a container. There is no thickness to the product and is like the bubble mixture you make for kids to blow bubbles with dish soap. I ordered two scents. Diva smelled fine. High Maintenance smelled like bug spray. I did a load of laundry and spilled way too much detergent into the wash because of consistency. I say this because there was no smell on the clothes when removing them from the washing machine. I would spend way too much money on something that smells good and lasts. That brand promise is exciting. I do not know if this is how it is supposed to be or if in fact this is not the real product. I cannot imagine wanting to purchase this product based on this. Maybe someone can tell me if this is how it is supposed to be and if so, how do I have any success with the product? Thanks!
don't get me wrong the product is great but when I went to the local walmart it was a least half less$ if not more.
Wow what a rip off! $30 for ten strips!? I thought it was ten boxes. Complete misrepresentation. By at cvs instead for $5. Do not buy!
Box was empty. Well, the shipping box contained a case for the lenses, but the case was empty. So I apparently purchased a very expensive glasses case. Very disappointing.
Ordered beginning of June didn't receive until August 22. When it did arrive it was clumpy 😠😠
I don't know if it's just me but I can't get past the taste, I'm not sure if the canister was a bad batch because the taste was unbearable. I wanted to try this and was actually excited.
Tastes bad, quit spraying immediately after two uses. No way to refund of return. Buyer beware and avoid!!!
In the bottle, several of the capsules had come apart and the content distributed across the remainder. I realized this the hard way. As I placed a capsule in my mouth, and prior to swallowing, I breathed inward. Thus, I sucked cinnamon and cayenne dust into my lungs. I thought I was going to die. Coughing, burning lungs, eyes watering, etc for about a half hour. I have no idea whether the product is otherwise any good, as I tossed the remainder into the trash.
Thought it would be a good thing to try for adhd child. Did not see any change.
This is not your normal Lil mover diapers I had the same thing happen to my son as some of the other reviewers. Shortly after starting to use these my son broke out in a horrible rash we have used this diaper before from else where with no issue and even from amazon. Also if your not extremely careful in how you place the diaper the band will cut your child's leg/hip area. Very displeased in these would not recommend buying these. I'm thinking maybe some of these are not really Huggies thrown in with real ones because of the reviews and my own experience. It seems like maybe one in 20 or so is a knock off and if you get them it's horrible I don't plan to risk it again. Furthermore for my son to break out in such a way it worries me of what these diapers contain I hope they don't have some harmful chemical on them. My son does not have sensitive skin and has never broke out like this before
Great product But when I received my package my conditioner was spilled in the package I'm very dissatisfied
I love thyme from my Melaleuca products an I thought this would ne great but not does smell like wet dog or a dog after bath - just not a goo smell I want throughout my house :(
It arrived open and un sealed!!
Like some other reviewers, I bought these for the Zeiss name, but they don't live up to it at all. Left my lenses foggy and streaky. Throwing them out since they can't be returned.
Way too big. Hated it
Mmmmmm. Not nice I said glass cleaner
Worse pills they don't work made my milk tasted bad. My baby dint want my milk no more
Are used it for crackhead yes they do help but they break very fast
33 with 7 kidney stones to date. This pill didn't do anything and my doctors just shook their head when i mentioned it. Does not digest well. Check your stool for floating yellowish white balls, it is the pill!
Ordered the original tube and received strawberry lip balm. Very disappointed :(
I really didn't feel a difference in my pain level unfortunately. Everyone is different though maybe I just need a higher dose. The flavor is great they are appealing because of the colored bears too. But a tad bit too sugar coated. Which can be a bit messy then sticky
It was too hard and uncomfortable. I have used other old fashioned kinds before and found them to be more comfortable.
Came leaking and messy
Do not order from this seller. Return policy is not in customer favor. If they dont fit your stuck with the item.
Dont buy from this company, late shipping. .
The can was leaking in the package lost at least a third of the product poor Packaging would not order again
Didn't do what it says it does. Didn't find any relief
Do not waste your money. It falls apart every time I try to use it. Very cheap plastic. Tip pops right off if any pressure is applied to it.
Very unhappy. Arrived on time and packaged nicely. Went to use it today for a photo shoot and the garland was completely knotted/tangled and after an hour of trying I ended up cutting the string entirely and just using the balls which is not what the original intention was.
It doesn't work after a few time used
I'm a healthy middle age female and I think future buyers should know this bubble style opening system is hard to use. If I was older or had joint issues I'd never get these compartments open. I have a daily routine for meds and vitamins so I bought this to keep me organized all week instead of doing the sorting every day. ... unless it gets easier I will definitely be looking to replace this soon!
I bought a dollar store ovulation test and it said the test line needs to be as dark or darker than the control line. It was lighter so instead of buying a ton of dollar ones I bought this pack since you are suppose to test daily till it's positive. I've never seen a second line with any of these tests.
I've been doing nails for a while now. I ordered this set of 2 top coats because I had run out of the one I was using. Once I opened them, they were very, very thick. They were the same consistency of builder gel and not a gel polish at all. It was very hard to get out of the bottle with the brush. It also goes on very thick so getting an even coat is difficult. It was not left out in the sun or even anywhere very bright.
This thing is worthless. Between the motor and the scent cartridge paid over $200 and barely smells. DONT BUY AND DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY LIKE I DID
DO NOT order from this company. They will continue to charge you. They charged me for a second shipping that I never ordered or received. The 12 people that rated this are probably friends of theirs. VERY disappointed to have to deal with another scam
Did not fit. One size does not fit all. You need a better description of this product on line.
Very disappointed with this noise machine. Only got it playing a couple of times. I've changed batteries, checked connections and turned off and on. I gave up!! Another $30 down the drain 😕
So hard to open, way too big, does not shut easily. Too bad I did not use it until it was too late to return.....
Not really a good tool to urinate standing up for women unless you pull your pants down or you are wearing a very big pair of sweats or something like that. I got this thinking I could use it to go into a urinal. I'd just get a regular urinal and just make a snug fit with my own doing.
I have used this on my kid who has a problem with pot. I know he smoked a day or two before I tested him, but there was a faint line. The faq says that even a faint line is a negative. Was not accurate in this case.
Wrong item sent, I don't trust them enough to order it again
Worst purchase I have made on Amazon
Does not work for my iPhone x. Would like my money back
Sent back because it didnt seem to fit. And hurt my thumb.
Delivered broken in 2 places
Product is good but deliver did not call gate to inform of delivery. We found the box opened outside the gate. Products spilled .
I ordered two of these and one had no seal at all and the other one had a seal but it was broken. These aren't eligible for return so I'm just out the money on these as I won't use a product that is supposed to have a seal but the seal is missing or broken
Wish I had read these reviews BEFORE I purchased this. To paraphrase another reviewer here, I have been using bay rum for many years and . . . well, this ain't it. Don't know what it is but it's definitely not the scent of bay rom.
BEWARE! Bottle arrived with safety seal clearly opened and been used! Not new! Disgusting and unsafe! They won't refund this product either! Do not trust this company!!!
The colors are not as shown, also it starts to peel in one day. I think you get what you pay for so I'm going to try another name brand.
I tried this several times and nothing was different. Very disappointed after spending $35.
Expensive and not functional. I spent a fortune on this product that I didn't like at all. Please, do not waste your money.
Keep your money! I bought this so I could check my husbands BP. I took it out of the package, set it up, and took his BP. The sphygmomanometer broke in the first use. I didn't even get to finish taking his BP. It felt really cheap too. I also didn't like that I couldn't hook the sphygmomanometer to the cuff. It is part of the pump.
First vitamin that effected my stomach and to make things worse I couldn't return
I never received the tape measure, please send! Thanks
Worked great and now doesn't work at all. Only charged it once. Never charged or turned on again.
first time ordered they only sent chair no cords. The next time they sent just the car cord, 3rd and 4th time they sent wrong model cord. I eventually had to buy a 12 volt to ac converter to get it to work. After all that they did give me a refund.
Very uncomfortable to wear.
We have always used Bambo diapers and never had a rash but lately the pull-ups are too big in his waist and they're leaking. So we tried these bc they're organic and he got what looked like a bad rash/chemical burn within 2 night or using only for bedtime.
Way to skinny. Returned it as soon as I opened to package.
Doesn't work at all. Seriously. Ordinary glue would have the same effect.
After 2 uses, this product stretched out and would no longer achieve suction on my daughter's arm. I would not purchase again.
Ridiculous, pun intended, seriously these rings are so thick and cumbersome that they are virtually useless. Im not small so i don't see anyone finding these useful. Keep shopping. There's better options.
This tea used to be so awesome! I've ordered it on subscription for a long time now. Then they decided to change the recipe. It's not even close to the pictures above. Now it tastes like plastic!
This was the 2nd one I had to order because TSA made me throw the 1st one out. Unfortunately, this one didn't even last 2 months before it fell apart. I don't know what happened to it but something inside broke; the slide switch no longer works. I definitely won't be purchasing this one (or any other like it) again.
This Fitbit wristband broke within a few weeks and was not repairable. Had to contact Fitbit customer service for assistance. Not worth the money.
I did not order these nor receive them.
10 days, total of 16 days clean. Still positive.
Do not buy these! Leaves a blue stain on the inside of the bowl at the top of the water and has a strong smell. Wish I didn't buy these in bulk. I'll give them away free if I could.
Product was broken when it arrived and is unusable. Very disappointed
Each sponge came off the base within a few days. One came off on its first use. Very poor quality. I would not recommend.
Did not get any results from the products.
WE did not receive this order.
The product description was misleading. The rolls are normal or slightly small than normal sized rolls.
Worst than sleepin with a cast on
I only got 4 brushes.
The shape was what I was looking for but the bristles are way to soft to get through my hair. I even have very fine hair.
Poor quality!! Using for my little ones pee pee moments during diaper changes. When I cut in half fluff dust us everywhere!!!!! Super duper duper thin
I began getting significant foot and calf cramps (in the night and especially in the early morning) after taking this as directed. I stopped and for a month had no cramps. The cramps resumed upon taking this again.
I would give it 0 stars if I could. The box was disheveled and the label was half off. There was no seal on the box nor was the tube sealed in any way. The product looked used. I contacted the seller and was asked if I wanted a replacement or a refund. I responded that if a factory sealed product was the replacement, I would be happy with that. I have yet to hear back. I believe I have wasted my money. In this instance, Amazon's lower price option was the WRONG option.
Only marking this down because I ordered 2 of the 3 packs and one of the packs was completely damaged. Emailed the company and never got a response or refund.
ítem do not have instructions to how used.
Junk - was completely useless. Returned for a refund
Never even came in...
I am VERY DISAPPOINTED! this is not the Scivation I know and love! Been drinking this same flavor for years! I thought with the last batch that I just purchased an old one and dealt with it. This time it has the EXACT SAME horrible new taste. If you loved it before like me, chances are you wint anymore.
This machine will turn off by itself at random.
This product doesn't do anything to help with the snoring. Very disappointed
Letters were incorrect.
Like the product but not the shipping practices. Will need to buy product onsite from box store .
It stopped working the day after the return date.. DON'T BUY PEACE OF CRAP.. DONT WASTE MONEY..YOU WILL BE SORRY ..
Honestly tried it a few times to see if it would work better but it's no good. The rabbit is so much better . Not a good buy
I tried it a number of times. Every time I wanted to use it I had to charge it again - even if it was charged the day before and was never used. I gave up as it is too much of a bother. Nice idea, just wish it wasn't too much trouble to get it to work.
Made me throw up for a whole day after 4 days of using.
I got fake fangs instead of brush. I tried to get in touch to get correct item, and return the fangs because i can not use them i have dentures
All of the vitamins were stuck together.
Product does not work. Quality is good but It does not work on the shoes. Makes shoes uncomfortable which is the opposite as this product supposed to do. Returned
The bags stink, we cannot use them!
Bought a box of these, and they are all duds. I've been pregnant 3 times, I know how to take a pregnancy test, and I'm not even getting a control line on these once the urine soaks down the strip. Amazon won't let me return either, even though all 3 in the box are defective. I took these 3 tests, all a couple of hours apart, same defective result. I'll stick with the reliable cheaply strips.
Adhesive doesn't hold for more than a day.
Didn't seem to do anything to make me feel less hangover. Gave me the runs though.
No difference, didn't work.
I'm new to plant based protein so maybe its just me, but If you don't like your protein drinks thick and chalky, don't order this one! I couldn't even finish the first drink I made with it.
Tha cans I got have black small bugs inside . I opened one and have been giving it to my toddler til I found black bugs inside . Disguising .
As others have said, it stopped working after a month. Never immersed in water, just rinsed it. Change the batteries twice already but still not working. Poor quality.
Opened a brand new package from a brand new box and found this giant hairy worm like bug in the new diaper. It's a shame, because I really liked these diapers. I won't be using them again.
Short life throw away item engineered by a 12 year old or intentionally designed to fail. Resmed should be ashamed and called to the carpet.
Can't tell any noticeable difference after taking this for 2 months twice a day. No point in buying fish oils.
This thing is not worth to buy. They will ruin your Invisalign. They don't clean and leave a weird smell. Don't buy them!
I am so very disappointed. These sheets are not at all as described by Charmin. They are thin and rough and below the quality that I would have expected. Not worth returning because of the expense but I will be throwing them out in the garbage.
tried it twice, same both times very unhappy
Useless for your clit. Don't buy!
Concept is great but the straps started peeling away after two uses. I would recommend the idea of this product however a different brand name.
Broke in 2 as soon as I opened the package
I hate giving a negative review, but this product simply did not work for me at all. I tried it on two occasions, and after the first occasion was a failure, on the 2nd occasion liberally sprayed 7 pump sprays under each arm for a thorough soaking. In both cases early in the day I discovered it was not working at all. That is, I smelled my own body odor. Not good.
Used this diaper for 1 night and here's the result! Makes me so angry when I spend my time looking for something that should be natural and better for my child and I end up with this. Seems to me honest company isn't very honest. Do not buy this
I'm not sure if the bottle we got was a lemon but this sunscreen didn't protect our skin at all!!! Beware and try out before relying on it! We tried it twice, on different people and on different days and both times our skin turned red and burned within 10-15 minutes out in the sun. Luckily we noticed before completely hurting our skin. We applied just like our other non-chemical sunscreen which protected us well so this is not a user error. Very frustrating! Especially since we had bought it for our long vacation and thus ended up in Europe without a functioning non-chemical sunscreen. And now the return window is closed... I really wanted to like this sunscreen. The consistency is just a little bit thinner than the brands we usually use.
I RECEIVED SOMETHING THAT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE SENT TO SOMEONE ELSE. WHAT DO I DO?
I have not received my order and the seller isn't responding .
Well they say this is the large size. I find that hard to believe. Very uncomfortable trying to get it on even with plenty of water based lubricant! Instructions are vague and it did absolutely nothing for me. After pushing several different buttons I found out it wanted to clamp on to my tool. Pushed some more buttons and had the headset on and discovered the not so pleasant "moans" or whatever you wish to call it! Those considering this...look elsewhere! I wish I had!
I put them in a high quality pair of Clarks. The original insoles are not removable so adding these bulky gel insoles made these loose shoes way too tight to wear. Don't buy unless you can remove the insoles hat came with your shoes.
The capsules have a strong taste of plastic. Not the same capsules I previously purchased from seller.
Junk bag fell apart after 2 weeks. See picture, The crazy thing is I just saw these at DOLLAR TREE for $1
You should have told me that one of the tubes had a hole in it.
This is the worst thing I ever bought from amazon. It's mask was of mediocre quality, the plastic started melting away. And to top all that internal wiring seemed to have been short circuiting or something and after a strange sound, the whole thing stopped working. Worst of all, no return policy.
Well I received this product Monday, it's friday and won't turn on anymore. It was wonderful for 4 days, but like I didn't spend 30-40 bucks on this for it to stop working. I'd like my money back, considering my old heating pad lasted 3 years.
didnt work at all slide all over very uncomfortable...
Yes it states that is a thicker style of silicone lubricant, but it does not last or lubricate. Just sticky and messy - waste of money.
First problem I had with them is that the gummies all stick together. Secondly and more importantly, I left them in the car for a few hours on a moderately hot 80 degree New England day and they very quickly completely melted into a sticky goo! Ridiculous!
My pregnant partner didn't like the smell or taste of the tea. Fair enough. But Amazon will Not allow me to return this product. Had no idea. Can't fault the manufacture, but beware this Amazon return policy.
Very low and poor quality!!!
My shakes are filled with clear liquid. Maybe three or 4 were normal
Broke after a few uses. Emailed DoTERRA, havent heard back
Does not filter out any blue light. Complete scam, stay away.
Never got this order
Did not do what it way hyped up to. Did not relieve pain. Waste of money
Service was prompt and representatives were responsive, but I was not happy with the testing. The findings were inconsistent with my actual food sensitivities and I don't think the results were helpful overall. I feel like it was a waste of money. 😖
I gave this 1 star because this particular probiotic has caused nothing but issues for me. Since taking it the last few weeks at only 1 pill a day instead of 2, I feel constantly on the verge of some type of cold, got a weird superficial ear infection that I've never had in my life and now having weird rashes appear on my face. The only thing different I've been doing in my day to day life is taking this probiotic. It may be good for others but definitely would say to stop if you have unusual issues because this is in no way normal for taking a probiotic.
Easy to install. Looks great. Failed after one year!
Hurt my neck and under arms
Did not control my appetite
This was recommended by my holistic vet for my dog's environmental allergies - like everything else I have tried, it did nothing. Oh, the money I've wasted on products that don't deliver! This may be helpful to a human or other animal with allergies, but it did absolutely nothing for mine.
After just a few uses, the metal part which connects the tube to the bag broke off rendering it unusable.
My item came open. When I opened the sealed bag I was taking out each piece one by one. And when i went to complain and request a new one all i got was a message stating that this item was not available for return.
This tastes super bad. It tastes like fake sugar mostly. The powder is super fine and when you shake it up in your drink mixer, the shake is so thick it's gross. Especially if you don't let it sit because it's super foamy.
DO NOT BUY!!! It is slathered in chemicals and is not safe for use, plus it breaks very easily.
I was so excited about these. I love premier protein and have been a customer for 10 years. I get tired of the milk based flavors all the time though. These looked great and peach is my favorite flavor so I was excited to try it. They look nice and smelled great. They also tasted good, and then the after taste comes. It feels like someone has sucked all the moisture out of your body through your tongue and then slathered it chalk. I tried to mix it with water, tried to drink it ice cold, nothing helped that after taste. I threw the entire 11 and 3/4 pack in the trash. Save your money, stick to the regular protein.
Doesn't work. Took a couple months to come. Needed for medical use.
This product arrived in a cheap plastic bottle even though the description says glass bottle. Very disappointed and returning the 2 bottles I got.
Made my stomach upset and the taste is disgusting
Consistent. Consistently inaccurate. Regularly runs 2 degrees high showing low grade fever when actually 97. Cross checked it twice at physician's office. Trying to monitor low temp. difficult with inaccurate thermometer. Boo!
The description of this item is very deceiving. I am attaching a photo I've taken of the side of the bottle which is not of course included in the description of the product,otherwise who would even buy this. It's not supposed to be used by women who are of child bearing age. You think you could mention this? Additionally, it says you are not supposed to use it if you have thyroid disorder, but then it helps with your thyroid...very strange. I'm returning this. I wish you had taken a photo of who is not supposed to use this before I order it.
This vitamin needs to be gel capped. Very how to swallow on the first or even second time
Bought this from my naturopath and mine got old so I repurchased from this seller and its just a flimsy piece of cloth. Not the same thing, and pricey for what you get. WISH I COULD RETURN THIS JUNK
It's a waste of money, better of buying cbd oil from your local smoke shop, or a regular
My scale was delivered and when I went to turn it on it did nothing. I tried switching batteries but nothing worked. I tried contacting the support email that was listed on the instructions and was never given a reply. I highly suggest you don't buy this item.
Order never arrived.
One the the packages I ordered was open, so I didn't trust to use. Very disappointing
I thought this would help me give my husband back rubs but it hurts my hands more and I can't feel how much pressure I'm using while trying to rubs the knots out of his back. Maybe if I bought it to use on myself I'd feel better about this but for using on someone else it was a wasted purchase. Hurts my wrists to use it.
Do not buy this product! I'm taking my wife to the ER Room to see if she is alright. Junk like this being sold to help senior citizens is a lie, and a serious accident waiting to happen. I'm 75, quite capable of installing this junk. I'm going to get the more expensive stain less steel screw on handles. Put these where the sun don't shine.
I ordered this item 1 month ago and never got it
Ordered the “Good Sleep” blend... smells like lavender and milk in the bottle and then you can't smell it at all once it's being used???? It's disgusting overall. Trust me on this, save your money.
Didn't ease pain Woke up next day feeling very tired all day. Taste is awful and made me feel ill Wished it worked but did nothing but make me feel tired and sickly
ANYTHING TO WITH AMAZON SUCKS THEY RIPPED ME OFF AND SCREWED UP MY CHRISMAS
Does not work for skin tags!
My sister has amazingly white teeth and says it's because she uses this. Did nothing for me, so I have it to her.
I have yet to receive my package although Amazon shows it was delivered
Received this on 10/17 and used it 4 times. Just 10 days after purchase it won't turn on. No return policy. Don't be fooled by the 4 and half star rating. After carefully reviewing the 1star reviews, this seems to be a common issue with this massager. Wish I had paid more attention to the 1 star posts.
There is no US BATTERY FOR THESE !!!! Waste Ugh !!!
The buckle is right on the bone on the outside of my wrist making it very uncomfortable. I cannot use this product.
The surge stopped functioning a little more then a year after I bought it. Will not sync with phone, etc. I don't recommend for the price.
this was a waist of money
Have tried several time with poor results each time. Does nothing to clean the microwave.
Did not receive item
No notification of the shipping, ever came!
I ordered Clorox bleach and it wasn't even that. It was two bottles of 409 steel and stone cleaner. Bogus.
Does this look like a sock to you? Uncomfortable on the toes, and it doesn't even stay secure with the Velcro. Couldn't pull it anywhere near tight enough to be effective.
Product was received promptly but was not completely sealed. I was able to take out the nasal spray without cutting open the package. Since I can't 100% trust the product, I am throwing it in the trash. It was a great price, however.
Too small for my foot. Kept sliding off.
Terrible.. it doesnt do anythig
This does not work. I used a big potassium pill and it did nothing. I read another review said break in half so I tried that and it still did not work!
I have tried to like this oil, but to me it has a lingering smell of that which would be mucked out of a barn stall that a cow had occupied for 3 days. Even so, I tried for a couple of weeks to use it at night but it didn't do much for moisturizing my nasal membranes at night. Is there not some sort of nasal oil that could smell of lavender or vanilla instead of marinated stall muck?
This product was never received. My cousin had a stroke and needs the cane. He did not sign for it.
One if them arrived damaged. Also the heating time is so long that it feels like forever. And if i use microwave to heat wax, bottle starts melting. Its just waste of money. I would never recommend this product to anyone.
The capsule got stuck in the spout.
I purchased this item to use for my sons prom send off, the only balloons that were able to be used were the latex ones, no foil balloons could be used, also the discription shows a 2018, I was sent a 2019, which means the day of prom last minute I had to go and purchase the correct numbers which cost me an extra 40 dollars... I'm so disappointed..
Did not work for me Possibly not for my particular condition
loved the patchouli scent and it remained even after going thru the dryer.but I'm taking away all but one star because the bottle of soap lost it's scent within 10 days! now it smells like chemicals; awful. returning. (my sister gets this soap, not from this supplier, and her soap did not loose the scent)
I ordered a set of 12 different scents and they sent me a box of sandalwood, will not purchase from them again
We were very disappointed in the product. We received one for my husband after surgery; the nurse recommended this one since I asked for an extra between washing. He wore it twice and it started to loose support and the elasticity is almost un usable. Very disappointed.:(
I am not sure if my package was pulled behind a truck or what.... but this is unacceptable
Belt was to thin around the waist and did not fit comfortably.
Personally don't think it works
For one, it's too short. Additionally, it makes such minor correction it's hardly noticeable. The fact that it's leather covered is helpful. If you need a more than minor correction I would recommend seeing a orthopedist for an orthopedic insert. I only used this a couple times.
I received this poor product half month ago and try to contact the seller and he or she did not respond to me what I need. I just try to get my refund back and return this trash to the seller. And if anybody look for the adult toys and do not buy from this seller And if there have zero star I will leave for u
I can't give a review as I haven't received my package , it was lost in transit.
I just purchased at end of July. Being recalled . Causes cancer!
This product has a strong funny smell that burn on the eyes! I hope the ingredients are safe!
We loved the unscented pods but this vetiver scent is intolerable. It smells like mildew to me and overly flowery to my husband. Now we've got 100+ pods no one can bear the smell of. I had to rewash everything we washed with them. So bummed.
The thing keeps coming apart, I've lost several pills from it opening by itself.
I don't usually write reviews but I use them all the time, so I thought this might help. The heel cushion completely shredded after half a day of use, then when i tried to take it out, the glue won't come off my shoe. Other cushions won't adhere to the cottony leave behind and the sticky tape is very uncomfortable so I ruined a beautiful pair of shoes. Awful product.
Do not purchase this product from Amazon. The box is actually brown color and the pills are white caplets. I wish I checked the review before ordering this.
Hated it. Made me sick!
Came with big creases in it so didn't stick flat.
Curdled and chunky in water. Smells/tastes like baby formula.
These pills really didn't have the affect that they described. I just didnt really notice anything when I took them.
Had to throw them away. I'm not even going to try to contact the seller, after reading about the problems others have had in trying to do so. I work with my hands, so they're strong, but I can't light these without trying 10 times, and nearly using both hands. Definitely not worth it.
These bags are terrible. I had to throw out over 20oz of breastmilk because when I took my frozen milk out of deep freezer to defrost the bags had holes in the bottom. Such a waste of money and breastmilk.
this product don't. do anything for me they for I want to cancel it
Caveat emptor! I ordered this item, advertised as 10 pieces and illustrated with 5 pairs on the website. It arrived as ONE pair, TWO pieces!! Amazon notified and item returned next day. Do NOT believe this seller!!
Installed this battery 10 months ago and it's dead already. BEWARE!
Did not produce any results it promised.
The product did not come as pictured! I bought this specifically because there were no fire & ice condoms however the package I received had fire &ice condoms rather than the charged condoms!
Very strong toxic chemical odor which made me sick (I have MCS) - had to return.
Does not provide any support. Slips down leg while in use.
Gives you energy for like 5 minutes, then you crash.
Not like the original one
Bolt holes misaligned. Husband had to drill holes to put headboard together. Footboard anchors were broken. Had to be welded for bed frame to be safe. Bolt heads stripped. 2 trips to home depot for bolts. NEVER AGAIN!!!
Not even a powder anymore, brick hard and chunk form
The brushes are not very sturdy and do not work well for cleaning dishes because they bend with the smallest amount of pressure.
$22 wasted. Only got one use out of it. But it is powerful like everyone said.
Did not lose any weight & I had horrible abdominal pain throughout. I took it for 3 weeks because I was hopeful. Within 2 days of stopping, the abdominal pain completely subsided. Very disappointing.
Does not work at all. I just keep getting an error code that isn't shown in the troubleshooting guide. Tried to call customer service but they're only open 3 hours a day! What a waste.
They canceled my order the day it was suppose to arrive
I ate these as a kid. Maybe my taste buds have changed....my kids hated them...yuck.
Not a good value for the money when you only get ONE BOX. Please send the other box. Was just thrown in bag, no plastic around it. Please take care of this ASAP.
Doesn't provide any support or help for pelvic organ prolapse. There are no returns, which means I just threw 50 bucks down the drain.
Did not provide the support we had hoped for.
These made my ears itch uncontrollably. Had to remove them after 10 minutes.
Very small looked like it would fit my child
I thought I was buying a 2-pack. This is way overpriced for just one.
One ⭐️ is not for Tryptophan, but I told Amazon that this is only 500 mg last month, and it still hasn't been corrected...
Says delivered by Amazon. It was not. I as here at the alleged time. Also, I have searched high and low and there are no options to file a claim or contact the seller. While it will be hard to stop completely, I will be slowing down my ordering from amazon.
I'll be quite honest, I was expecting way better results. I've used the product on 3 different occasions and it had ZERO effect on me. It's like these pills are a placebo. I've even used 3 on one occasion and still not a twitch in my dick. Don't bother looking at the "5 star" reviews...it's probably more paid promo like the ads you keep seeing of porn stars bragging how amazing this is...a total SCAM! Dont spend $60 for 20 pills filled with nothing
Just received the bread today and I have to say it was disgusting. I wished I would've read the reviews because I never would've paid $10.00 per loaf.. And I was stuck buying three loads. It was wet and slimy when I opened the bag. But I thought you know what go ahead and toast it to see how it taste. Horrible horrible horrible. And I just found out I cannot send it back so I took $34 and flushed it down the toilet. Do not buy this bread..
Took the recommended amount daily for one month and did not reduce my anxiety.
They didn't do anything to help. Awfully painful to wear.
It quit working after only 2 uses of it...but the 2 times we used it it was great.just disappointed in the quality of the product
Maybe it's because I've only been on it a month but not seeing any results.
My 6 yr old daughter has one that her school provided for her to help prevent her from chewing her clothing and that one has lasted her several weeks so far. I purchased these ones for her and she has had each one completely chewed up within a day. These are very poor quality. Amazon issued a full refund and I purchased a quality set from another supplier.
Unfortunately I was never able to try them. My husband ordered these colors and the clear ones for me before Christmas, but they were not well packaged & were broken and a shattered mess when they were delivered. :(
I was mailed the wrong item. I ordered this pillow but instead was mailed the mat, which I already previously ordered :(
Too tightly wound not easy for an elderly person with balance issues to deal with.
I bought this supplement in hopes to save money, but not lose out on quality. As you can see in the picture I posted my Glutathione level was low (first number), so my doctor told me to begin a supplement. The first one I chose was the acetyl version which was pricey, but raised my levels up (the second number). I wanted to continue to raise my numbers up, but also wanted to save some money so I decided to try this brand because it has a high dose of Glutathione, but as you can see by my lab results (third number) my numbers plummeted even lower than they were before! I stopped taking this once I saw this cause I have no idea what's really in this product, but it's not Glutathione.
Terrible bath mat. It failed at the very thing it's supposed to do. It will slip out of place and the middle part covers the drain so you are left with excess water and soap suds. You can poke holes through it if that works out for you. I chose to dump it. I just wanted to not slip in the shower and this thing nearly killed me.
These don't work either does anyone know which ones do?
It doesn't stay very cold for even an hour.
Used it as intended on my heels for cracked skin. It would not stay in place on my heel and kept rolling up and off. I would not recommend it or bother using it again.
I never received my package. Thats wrong i pay my bill and i don't receive my package bad business
I have now tried several of their Pegan bars and they are pretty much inedible. The Paleo bars are much more palatable.
This is a useless product. Does not even provide 1% of relief to sore muscles.
Don't waste your money. This does not work at all. Followed all the rules and the thc was still very present in my system. I've tried another brand and it worked. This one does not. Very disappointed.
This bottle Of pills are brown. Have been taken for about a year the last 6 bottles pills are red.
uncomfortable to wear, have to keep adjusting, not worth it
Did not work one bit.
Quality product ruined by scratchy, rough logo on heel. It snags my nylons and can be felt with cotton socks. It can't be returned either. Buyer beware.
Poor quality tape. The cotton frays very easily and doesn't stay stuck as long as others do, esp since I wear leggings. I also question the quality of support compared to others. This time around an amazon suggested item let me down. Will not buy again. Trying a new brand for my knee pain.
I never received my order. though status says delivered and put in my mailbox. would not fit in my mailbox. Can't find a way to address this via Amazon website. very disappointed.
Clicked a couple of times and then didn't work. I assume I got a lemon, since all other reviews were so good. I followed all instructions and am disappointed that it didn't work.
Item not as pictured and doesn't fit the suggested oil refil bottles.
Do no believe all the great reviews! This product does nothing!
Will not stay on the faucet. I give it 0 stars.
Ruined my expensive clothes. This stuff effectively bleaches colored fabrics. What junk, took a small stain and destroyed $100 outfit. Be careful.
NOT THE PRODUCT THEY ARE ADVERTISING. I ONLY USE THIS BRAND BECAUSE THE COMFORT AND THEY SEND ME KNOCK OFFS NOT EVEN WITH THE SAME SHAPE MOUTH GUARDS. NOT COMFORTABLE LIKE THE ACTUAL BRAND. DONT BUY. BEWARE.
Have not received over a month ago I ordered this
The nose part of this mask is very tight, so I can't breathe normally. Also light leaks around the nose.
This product was less expensive than its one major competitor, so I chose to give it a try. Unfortunately, the thinner side of the flosser is too thick to fit behind the brace wire as advertised. When compared to its competitor, it is noticeably thicker. I would return if I could, but supposedly it is not a returnable product and will end up in the garbage. I will buy the competitor product which I already know works well.
This product is VERY cheap. I only used it twice and then replaced it with something else.
I opened the bottle and the tamper proof seal was badly damaged.
I bought this scale in Dec and it already isn't working. Doesn't turn on and yes, I changed the batteries. Very disappointed!
I decided to try out this product because of the great reviews and the fact that it's a natural product. The first day I used this deodorant it worked very well but that was it. After the first day it started making my armpit sweat profusely so I stopped using it. So disappointed because I had such high expectations!!
This didn't release Melatonin slowly over the course of 7 hours. I woke up after about an hour and a half each night and then would be completely wide awake. I actually felt wired. Such a waste of money. If it actually worked like it was supposed to, it is a genius idea.
This is how my product came!
If I can give a zero I would only one star is given because it wouldn't allow me to give a zero star. This stripe decal is very flimsy. It looks like something you would buy for a child to play with. You can barely see it on your grill because it's such a thin stripe. It's totally a waste of money. Do not buy unless you're buying it for a kid to stick it on paper.
The papers are slippery and the gum on them does not stick. I would not order again.
I want to return... Amazon needs ro pick up product and return
If you like drinking filtered dirt, this product is for you! I followed the directions and downed the disgusting dirt drink and.....wait.....nothing but an upset stomach. I do not recommend this product.
I just went on fakespot.com and it says that 100% of these reviews are FAKE. Check it out yourself and you can also check out the reviewers and notice how many reviews they have posted!
Does this look like a three pack of sun bum banana lip balm??????? Zero stars I had to click on one
Doesnt work. marketing scam
I would like to return these pads but I guess I waited too long. Frankly they are not suitable to be used in a normal home. They are much to hot because of the rubber/vinyl type backing.. Drying them in a conventional home dryer does not work. must be line dried or dried in large commercial dryers as in a hospital or nursing home. Ok for pets or people who are infirm or unable to judge comfort. Please don't sell to normal healthy families. If not returnable will just scrap. Have already found another pad from amazon that works fine,
Not quite a massager...Doesn't hold good charge or vibrate very strong.
The worst containers. I was having them ready for my son lunch and they don't close. No one closes so disappointedly. Of course, I never try right away so too late to return it.
This is a terrific product, best stain remover I've ever used, even removes blood stains. But don't buy from Amazon. They threw this into a box with four other products and no packaging around the items. Nearly all the stain remover leaked out from all three bottles. The other items were covered with the thick stain remover liquid and the bottom of the box was saturated with it. A big mess to clean up. Amazon made it right and shipped a replacement but I won't order again.
I will not buy this product anymore. Trash!!
Didnt do anything for my son
The item shown is in English. The one I received is in Spanish and non returnable!!! This deserves 0 stars!!!
Product was not packaged well. It leaked all over and the cap was broken in pieces.
This does not work. My whole intention to buy an egg boiler was to boil the eggs when I go to shower in the morning and have them after that, but this stupid boiler does not work. it always makes a sound for pouring more water in between. I always measure water and pour to the maximum line for hard eggs but it is not sufficient always and I should interfere in between to pour more water. I hated it. !!
Terrible!! Shipped awful and leaked all over the place. Definitely not like previous honey I have purchased. Will not buy from this seller again!!
Wrong thing was sent because of label on side of box. label said it was what I ordered but the box itself said that it was a cheaper version.
I didn't receive the product, it did not arrive as said. I need it sent to me please.
It's garbage I shaved with a throwaway razor left a few stubbles it did not shave that hair I tried to use it the next morning on little bit longer hair it did nothing it did not shave one hair on my head I'm sending it back
I've used Biotin products and had great results, but with this product (taken twice a day) made my nails split.
Too stiff to conform to my face. As a result, it fails both at blocking light and at being comfortable.
I have tried to use every one in different jars. And they did not work. Very disappointed.
Inaccurate. In 10 readings it has a spread of 3 lbs. Impossible to track weight gain/losses. Inspected and found that one of the 4 sensors is stuck in, no spring achieved, so it appears to be defective. One wonders if the manufacturer knows what a Quality Assurance program is... Returned for refund
The package was lost on the way and never received. Had to order another one while Amazon processed my refund.
The Vape was not in the delivered box. I don't know who to contact about this.
I think the description is misleading. It states 70 count (pack of 3), but only 1 bottle came. Not the good deal I thought it was.
Do not buy this product. I had it less than a year and the bottom fell out. The screws got loose and the whole bottom unattached itself. It should definitely be of better quality given the price.
These sucks!! I got a bunch of them and they don't work...
DO NOT TAKE. DOESNT WORK.
never received although on track says it was delivered Jan 9 2018
The only thing I can say is this doesn't work. We took it for 6 months
Stopped working after 2 or 3 uses.
It just didn't work for me.
Couldn't tell much difference after using this to scrub outdoor furniture cushions.
Product does not work well on windows. If you have lots of sun avoid this product as the sun dries the water spots onto the window. best way to clean your windows is the old way with spray bottle and paper towels.
Don't taste good at are all
These cost eight dollars and odd cents at Walmart. Don't order these from here!
tastes very chemically
I received an empty opened pachage!
This is not menthol oil. It's weak peppermint oil. It smells feels and tast like peppermint oil not menthol and as you can see from the pictures no where on the bottle or package does it claim to be 100% menthol oil like advertised it says menthol liquid what in the world and how do you make liquid? There choice of words and lack of labeling the ingredients is for a purpose people!
Very flimsy. Bent on first use.
Doesn't do anything.
Bought this almost a week ago and it broke on me. Definitely don't recommend getting this product. We also contacted the buyer and heard nothing back.
These are absolutely terrible. As someone who is going through ivf these gave me a positive almost EVERY SINGLE DAY and my actual blood test results are negative. I will never buy these again or recommend these. Don't waste your money.
Won't stay on. poor quality
This is the second time I've purchased this. The first time was fine, but this time, when I opened the bottle, there was a terribly moldy smell. Unfortunately, late last night was the first time I opened it and when I went to return today, yesterday was the last date for returning.
Don't waste your money. You are better off buying at the drug store.
Did not work. Very low suction and did not do anything.
I bought this item. Amazon sent me a box with 500 ALCOHOL PREP PADS. I made an order to return the item and would like to get a replacement. And Amazon sent me another box with 500 ALCOHOL PREP PADS. I just want my COHESIVE WRAP. Why is it so hard? Wasting my time going to drop these two box for return.
This does not meet my expectation. It''s dry and useless
It did nothing for my sons rash.
Wrong product delivered and took nearly two weeks. No notification when it arrived. It said on tracker 21st and it arrived 18th.
Doesn't fit well... very clunky.
Description says pack of two and I only received one bottle.
Just tried the new version of this product last night and could not even get it to fit my toddler. He fits fine in the old size 6 Huggies overnight and is a 6 in all other brands. I hope they switch back to their old version- looking for a new overnight diaper in the meantime.
My daughter kept peeing through these diapers.
Arrived broken, lost ten bucks. Never again.
So poorly made and packaged as to be useless.
Taking 3 does absolutely nothing but give me a very small but annoying headache, I still have on on the Am when I awake. (Note I didn't have a headaches before I took them) never buying again very disappointed.
Didn't work. I have one unopened bottle that I need to get my money back for. Waste of time and money.
These things suck don't buy
Honestly, most of these batteries were dead. We had to purchase at the hardware store.
I'm so disappointed with these seeds. First, they look very old... The bag they came in also had all these small holes in the back like they were mishandled or intentionally cut or poked. The final straw was when a saw a piece of hair in the bag while examining the small holes. I didn't even open the bag. It's funny, but out of the hundreds of orders a month I place on Amazon in the last 8 years, this was the worst purchase I have ever made. I'm that upset if you can't tell
The pads that were described were NOT the ones that arrived. When wearing a neck brace for spine surgery, you cannot mess around with incorrect products. The pads were not even the ones that were pictured on the package insert. Now I have to have someone drive more than an hour to a medical supply store to get the correct pads before I can get out of bed. TERRIBLE.
This came with the safety seal punctured. I can't use it so one star.
Worked great, but I couldn't get it to charge after the initial charge. Very disappointing!
Bought these to save some $$ opposed to Nicorette's offering & based on positive reviews here. These are much sweeter, don't give the mouth 'tingle' to let you know the nicotine is doing it's job & these dissolve much faster than the Nicorette brand. If you like a more 'candied' version of this type of product, you may like these.....I didn't. I won't finish using these so it was wasted $$, I'm going back to the Nicorette brand.
Too many defects. Water seal is a culprit. I purchased Versa at launch. It was great at first, but within a month it broke, screen became finicky and eventually went out of function. I noticed that it happened after I got under heavy rain. My version of Versa was on backorder, so I had to wait for replacement for a whooping 5 weeks. Once replacement arrived it was working fine, that until I took it to the pool. Low and behold, after few pool sessions battery of the replacement Versa started to drain rapidly. Fitbit offers yet another replacement with no guarantee that it won't be faulty again.
This is a useless product, it had no benefit to my stye.My doctor said it's just mineral oil. A waste if money.
It looked heavy duty on the picture, but when I got it was just a piece of plastic, very more design and looked very fragile. It was all plastic, It would have lasted only a few days, force advertisement, The only good thing it was easy to return
Unit was substandard. Motor weak and failed within 3 months Bad value
It came in broken and leaking!!
THIS IS FAKE PRODUCT CAN'T be RETURNED.
The vendor sent me a watch Whose battery life was nearest end. Today is June 28 and the watch battery is dead. I purchased a second watch a month later and it came with something to keep the watch from being turned on accidentally. Indicating to me that my watch have been running for an indeterminate time.
I love the Tesla lighter for about two days until it got so hot I had to take it out of my pocket and get rid of it Now it does not work at all
I must have gotten a bad batch because all the filters were falling out of the cone!! Such a waste
This product did not work after one use. I am very unhappy with it.
No scent of lavender in these whatsoever, just makes the room smell like menthol only and it's very unappealing. Will not purchase again, I threw the box out.
I'd ordered this brace for problems with my left wrist and while the stitching had not stood up well, it was more comfortable than the others I'd tried. This split is comfortable and their updates are even better than the prior version, however, the stitching tore out within 3 days of wearing (arrived on Monday night, photos taken that following Friday morning.) *Very disappointing considering the cost of the splint. The plastic support fell out that night and while I rely less on that side for support, it looks terrible and poor quality. I need to wear all the time and it's embarrassing to show my hand at work with all the threads strewn about
Vitamins came melted , caps broken, and smelled. I have ordered these vitamins before but never received them in such a horrendous state. These are not for human consumption.
AMAZON FAILED TO DELIVER
All writing on the product and box is in Russian.
I thought this is the solution for my husband and my daughter to stop their snores but it really did not work at all. They tried all kinds but its not working. I guess something wrong with their tonsil or airways
Was great in the beginning now after 2 months its shorting out. 👎 so very disappointed!
First order I received was damaged so they sent me another order and when I received it the seal was broken so I really haven't decided whether to keep it or not gets old having to send things back. Maybe I will try another flavor and see if it comes undamaged might of just been a bad batch do I will do another review when I actually get to taste the product.
This only got one stars because the purple was purple. You apply it to your hair, we used blonde hair, and it comes off your hands easily. However, the next day, it's still coming off on your hands every time you touch your hair. It leaves your hair feeling greasy and stiff, could barely even get a brush through it.
As soon as I opened the can it smelt amazing, smelt like a green apple Jolly Rancher, but a day later I could barely smell anything and if I did get a scent it smelt more like an old lady's perfume, maybe I got an old batch. Won't be getting these again
I cannot recommend this urinal. The recepticle drained the urine too slowly allowing the urine to splash out before all of it could drain into the bottle. Big mess
I ordered 60 day supply and got 30 day supply but still was charged for 60 day supply
I got two bottles for my newborn with no issue. On the third bottle, discovered a dropper that wasn't built into the cap. Not sure if it's a defective batch or what. (Which means you'd have to wash the dropper every time... not ideal at all.) I submitted for a return/replacement and the fourth bottle I got had the same issue. If this is just a new design, I'll definitely have to just switch brands. :(
Do not buy this! It does not work despite what you See On videos! They don't accept returns so save yourself the hassle and headache and don't even order from this place. Any good review is probably a fake review.
nothing changed after treatment
Nothing what I thought
The day I started taking this I encountered painful gastrointestinal symptoms, but kept taking it, thinking it was a coincidence. After 4 days of discomfort concluding with a missed day of work, I finally stopped and switched to the other product marketed to this demographic, and the symptoms went away. I don't know if it was just coincidence or if this product had the opposite effect intended on me, but one other commenter said the same thing, so I wonder if one of the ingredients is problematic for some people. I'd like to experiment to find out if it was just coincidence, but I don't want to feel that way again and will stay with the competition.
It is so hard for the drop to fall in the eyes with this tool. It cannot be returned once it is used. Don't know why the product cannot be returned if it is not serving the purpose. Will not recommend this at all to anyone.
I thought this was an essential oil but it is more like a perfume. The alcohol and chemical smell overpowers any of the peach scent, and even the tiniest amount gives me a headache. Was looking forward to using this but unfortunately it was a big disappointment. Waiting on another scent to arrive but don't have much hope for that one either after this one was so bad. If you like body sprays this might still be okay for you but I don't like the obviously fake fruity smell (can't even really tell it's peach). Edit to add: I also tried the coconut scent thinking it might be better but it was actually worse! Would not recommend and will not purchase from this company again.
Within hours of taking the first 600 mg capsule, my urine took on a very bad smell. I continued to take one capsule a day for 3 days and the foul odor continued. I stopped taking the product and the bad odor went away. I will not take any more of this product because I don't want to be a human skunk.
This stuff is complete BS! It doesn't do anything. And, all these good reviews are not real, they send you a link when you first buy it and ask for a good rating in exchange for a free product. Which is also fake, they don't send you jack!!
I wanted to love it, but it broke in less than a month. Very badly designed!
Too small for mopping any floor larger than a bathroom.
I liked the ease of taking, by dissolving under tongue. I had hoped this would give at least a little relief for my severe arthritis and fibromyalgia. Sadly, it did not help at all. Nothing. I will not buy this again.
I was hoping I could use these instead of nasal strips, but even the smallest size are painful to wear. No way I'd get decent sleep wearing them.
Too tall, too stiff and it moves a lot on the chair so you will fall off of it if your not careful.
Nope. Didn't make a bit of difference in my husband's snoring. He didn't enjoy wearing it either.
These did not work at all. I had a bone infection in my leg that left bone damage and my leg will often hurt ... an aleve always does the trick but I decided to buy this bulk pack of Tylenol. The first night I received them my leg hurt and I took 2-3 pills every time I woke up in pain ... I must have taken 15 pills that night over the course of 12 hours and THERE WAS ZERO RELIEF. None at all.
I ordered this 6x formula specifically because the 10x formula leaves a film in my dishwasher and the 6x is no longer available at my local stores, and while the picture shows a 6x formula package I received a 10x. Amazon says this isn't eligible for a refund. I ain't happy about this.
Not as described. I like the design but the bags are too thin to hold anything really...improve your quality please
I didn't receive my things yet but it's delivered?
Was supposed to be be a 100 count box but was only 50
Cleary states online and on the packages themselves that there are two... if you were to order any you will be delivered only one in each not two.
I did not get the results I wanted with this product.
I went back to the allergy medicine I was taking before. This did not help at all. I took it for a week, then gave it to my husband. He was unimpressed, said the generics we usually take work best for him, too. Very disappointing.
This is not an accurate thermometer. Consistently get 96 degree readings. It shorts out frequently. Does not save last temperature. Very disappointing.
Description states 2 month supply (120 capsules). I only received 1 bottle (30 day supply). If they correct the issue I will update the review. I was so excited for this supplement because it would mean 3 less pills to swallow but disappointed right now.
Fast service but the product is not what i expected.
very difficult to put on Large toe very angled so really didn't help. Possibly would work for someone whose toes aren't as crooked.
Slips off of my glasses after few hours time. They should grip and stay but they just fall right off and I have to keep putting it back on my glasses.
THIS DOES NOT SMELL LIKE PATCHOULI AT ALL.
DO NOT BUY! This product was so oxidized when I received it, a solid brick in the container! This is a total scam!
Zero suction. These cups are worthless. I would not buy from this company again
Nothing came in my package, it was just an empty envelope. Can you tell me what to do? Can you send me a replacement?
Have not used them yet-they do fit but I have been ill and not tried to use them.
no likes. this is the second time complaining and only answer i received each time was several pages of numbers and letters. no help. product is awful, will not pick up and if picked up, product falls out of grabber. never had this trouble with any others have had last 17 years. I am unhappy with these.....what are you going to do about this. ? Kathleen Sullivan SEE ADDED COMPLAINT.
Runs small sent back
this box of batteries sat in my office and now (with still being in orig box and covers) are dead. What a rip off
Received yesterday. No screw and washer set in box. Not a good start.
Got this because they discontinued the unflavored emulsified MCT oil. This is not a good alternative. Didn't completely dissolve in water and wasn't very creamy like the liquid. Very disappointed in my purchase and will not be buying again.
Very disappointed. Shampoo is VERY watered down. Won't purchase again
Dont buy will send you a diffrent item
This was easy to adhere and clean, but it caused swelling by day two so I immediately discontinued use. Maybe it works for others but not for me
These lasted less than one day! The original feet lasted over 4 months.
This oil did absolutely nothing for back pain or anxiety. It left a fishy after taste.
These are NOT Pampers. One the Sesame Street Characters are not on them. I believe these are Walmart's generic brand or Costco, and I can'r remember who's design is who. Total fraud. I will NEVER buy these online again, in fact I thinking about totally changing brands, after this rip off!
Because this has a heavy plastic cover it will not stay flat! Not a good thing. Would not recommend.
honestly, i don't see any changes or differences. I've returned the products.
Very cute frame, but make sure that you need the reading portion as apparently there are no returns which is not clear when you place the order!!!!
Didn't heat up enough to work. Had to return it
sadly these did nothing for my toddler
Didn't work for me...made me sleepy, but didn't stop the hot flashes...
I️ ordered a pack of 3 but only received one bottle in the mail. What happened ?
was not the product for me, it didn't work as labeled on the product even with full trainer and meal plan.
go to your doctor and get some real medicine.
I was impressed with how quickly it got here, but it smells terrible! It smells like alcohol mixed with perfume.
Unfortunately, when the wand arrived, the metal dome had separated from the handle.
It's clump as shit not mention the expiration date was expired when i recieved it in the mail!! Wish amazon would cut ties with this seller!
I've been using flaxseed oil for over a year now and decided to try this brand. When we got to the last 1/5 of the bottle, the oil inside had hardened into a solid, rendering it useless to us, therefore wasting the oil. Never had this issue with any other brand we have ever used. Won't use this brand again!
As much as I wanted to love the box it came broken. The outside is gorgeous but the inside was another story. The top of the box has thin wood strip to seal it and 3 out of 4 of the sides were broken. Parts of the slats didn't look good either. Returned it and bought from a different company.
I ordered strawberry as seen in the picture and description. I received citrus. Not happy about that.
First time using it was great and comfortable. Into my second cycle using cup, the stem broke during removal! It was great until that moment, then it was sheer panic! Soft stem is nice and comfortable but it will not last after long repeated use. A waste of money for me =/
I ordered and the product never showed. The amazon tracking has a picture that it was delivered but it clearly wasn't my doorstep.
Did not work at all and actually made it worse to use the computer. Plus, buyer beware, item is not eligable for a refund.
The company sent a left handed brace. I have contacted them. They asked for the order number. Ihave not heard anything for 2 weeks. I want my money back or a right hand brace - NOW!
I ordered this product but received the joint supplement instead. Amazon provided me a refund, but I still want to try the holy basil. If I order again, can I be assured I will receive the correct product?
I have been feeling sick lately and come to realize that it may be due to these pills. They have what appears to be mold spots on them. Buyers beware!!
My order is missing plates Each package is supposed to have 44 plates but all 3 packaging are different sizes.
Absolute crap basal thermometer. Temperature readings jumped all over the place, I would take 3 temps and figure out the average later. It takes so long for this silly thing to find the temp, and it beeps once, very loudly to announce that it's done. I should have trusted the negative reviews on this one.
Overpriced on Cyber Monday
WHEN I TRIED TO OPEN BOTTLE< THE SEAL WAS MISSING-BO BOTTLE WAS OPENED AND TAMPERED WITH,SO I RETURNED ITEM
As someone with legitimate anxiety issues, this stuff does not work. I feel no different on it, my panic attacks are just as bad as ever. No side effects, just nothing at all.
Vomit a plenty. Stomach just couldn't handle it. Seems very acidic. Spouse even tried half a pill rather than my whole and had stomach upset. Maybe ok for some but not us. Great for weight loss. Take one vomit repeat.
Packaging is below sub-standard. Arrived scratched and blurry. Say g'night Gracie!
Did not stop my snoring and is totally overpriced for what it is. Need to determine if I can return it. It did not work for me.
Had this come with 4 lancets to create enough blood for 4 tests, it probably would've been great! However, the lancet only produced enough blood for one circle of the 4, meaning I could not complete the test. I tried to squeeze more out, but my body wouldn't give any more. Since the lancets are one-time-use, I couldn't re-stick somewhere else.
The product I received is defective. It will not activate. It should. It be this complicated.
I was sent the wrong flavor and there is no,option to return
I will not buy again
Hated it, left hands dry and started flaking dirt and grime.
Can't believe that they ship this product by itself in a box no packing no plastic wrap just shaking in the Box says it was delivered two of them at a time bad Packaging got no response from the company
No return policy. But the product shows up damaged and beaten up. No way to contact seller from the app in the orders area.
The brush head too small about the size of childs toothbrush. This info not in add. Do not recommend for an adult
Cancelled. They couldn't deliver.
Price is way to high! I won't order again!
Bought these to try to be more zero waste, in conjunction with a menstrual cup. Didn't get to use them until my next period and found them extremely uncomfortable. Since it had been 30 days I couldn't return them but I wasn't able to use them until the return date was up due to my period timing. Feels like you are wearing a diaper and they do not stay in place. Moved all around, and after about an hour the pad ended up all the way up my backside. Very disappointed. I don't usually write reviews but now I'm stuck with these useless pads that I don't want to throw away because the whole point was to be less wasteful. I guess it worked for some people but for those like me who bleed a lot you will end up with a mess in your pants using just these.
Did not work for me, returned
It only worked 2 times then slowed and then stopped.
Dessicant Powder in packet is open and spilled all over capsules in bottle. Clearly states "Do Not Eat" dessicant or powder in packet. This bottle is essentially useless and must be tossed. Very disappointed in the poor quality control to have opened dessicant inside.
Doesn't come on. Instructions weren't clear. Wish I would have returned this
Have not received package
I bought these thinking they were gummies. Taste chalky. Did not know if they could be returned after being open
Did not give me an energy boost as most claim! Did not work
showed up broken , too much trouble to assemble and send in complained once and no one did anything
Seller advertise as in stock, product is not in stock and is shipped from China. I would not have ordered otherwise. To me this is false advertising
The lighter I received was defective and would not light.
I only received one 34 oz bottle when the description says 2 bottles totaling 68 oz. Also, the pump on the one bottle I received was broken and it leaked all over everything else in my order.
I guess I should have trusted the other reviews, as my arrived and was broken in its box. So now I need to return it for a refund? And ship broken glass..which I'm not really comfortable with 😫
made my dad feel worse
I do not suffer from anxiety, I suffer from arthritic pain . This product has not provided relief of pain. I will not be purchasing it again.
Didn't work for me and the cost was to high
I ordered the watch and it arrived ahead of time. Looks great, but there is one problem -- the watch has never kept accurate time. Took it to the watch repair to replace the battery and diagnose the issue. They were unable to find anything wrong with it ... mechanically. What I've noticed most recently is that the second-hand gets stuck when going around at the minute hand. Back and forth for a minute or more on random rotations -- thus my description that the watch will not keep time. It's too late to return for replacement, so this review will have to suffice. Hope it helps someone's purchase decision.
Adhesion is not a stick and stay. Disappointed with purchase.
I had such high hopes for this but it is poorly made and not worth the money.
It only worked for 6 weeks. I can not afford to buy a new one of those that often.
Arrived damaged/leaking bottle inside box. Unable to return. Unhappy with this waste of money.
Not as the origional. Now has a scent in it.
I was very disappointed. I have taken this for 4 days and I get a severe headache about 2 hours after taking it. The headache lasts for about 6 hours(am guessing thats how long it takes to get out of your system). After the headache goes away, I feel really good. Guess there is something in here my body does not agree with.So if you get a headache after taking this, dont keep trying thinking it will get better, it wont.
I'm sorry but I was really disappointed with this product after reading all of the reviews I was really hoping I would produce more milk but instead it decreased my supply, it can be because of my body but I was really upset with the results since I really wanted to feed my daughter my own milk.
Third party seller. These came in a box, not tamper proof - not even a plastic sticker on the box, no inner plastic lining - these kinds of products also degrade much faster when exposed to oxygen, which is why they should be hermetically sealed - aside from the obvious fact that I don't want to put something in my body that could have been tampered with so easily. The seller emailed me through amazon asking how I liked the product. I responded with above comments. No reply. Then they emailed me again a week later, asking me to leave feedback. So here I am, fulfilling their wish.
This is thick but doesn't stay lubricated . There is a need for constant reapplication.
First of all I'm 5' 1/2" tall with size 8 1/2 w shoe size, and 24" calves. I ordered the size 4X LG. I could not get these pass half way up my leg when I tried it own. The top additionally curled up. I feared that it would cut off my circulation.
I ordered this file 6 weeks ago and still have no information for its shipping. The info from Amazon says it was shipped the day after I ordered it by China Post, but the tracking number I have for China Post turns up no results - either saying they are still waiting on tracking info from the shipper, or saying the number I have doesn't match anything in their system...I was prepared to wait up to a month to receive this, but 6 weeks is crazy.
Been using for almost a month, zero results.
Very disappointed, gummies arrived in mail and were melted together. I couldn't take any of them, package should say not to leave in mailbox or require a signature due to the nature of the gummies when exposed to hot/cold temperatures!
Said it all in the subject line...
These are advertised as PVC nose pads but upon arrival the packaging describes them as silicone. Disappointed, as I am allergic to silicone and was hoping for a decent alternative.
Based on the reviews I had high hopes. First, the top if difficult to remove without spilling or pushing the bottoms. And, it just did not work. Ran all night, but water level went down by about 1 cm.
I had hopes for these HMR products but sadly they did not come close to expectations. The morsels of "meat" were unappetizing, the sauces tasteless. Someone claimed that these tasted better than Nutrisystem's products---NO way! A waste, indeed.
Bought a box of 124 but 14 diapers came defective - missing tab on the right side. Very disappointed, had to throw them away.
I've use this product for years. The last bottle I bought was in 2015, and it lasted me over two years. I just opened the bottle that I just purchased and something has changed. I don't know if the Stevia is being cut with something or what but it is not nearly the same product nor is it as sweet as it used to be. I have to use twice as much as I used to. What happened?
Very accurate, but it quit working. Kept resetting if the face was touched. Must be a design flaw. I am buying the one that has only 1 button on the back. Hopefully it won't have an issue. I really liked this unit. I wished it had worked.
Product melted very disappointed.
I absolutely hate this product! I bought it since I had a little bit of congestion at night. Tried it for exactly 3 nights and each time I sprayed in my nose I hated the after taste in the back of my throat. On day 4 all of the sudden my nose air passage has clogged so bad and my nose is so dry that I don't know if I need to ENT doctor! I can't breathe right at all! This is going straight to trash!
Use with caution! This product attacked my stomach with a very distinct burning sensation. Had to stop taking it after only four days of use. And I was only taking one capsule per day with breakfast. Once I stopped using it, the irritation went away...
I receive a package with nothing in it they sent me a bubble wrap package which is a bubble wrap in the seal inside of the envelope total refund will not purchase again
Horrible 1/2 the order showed up Kinda need them both together
Really pink compared to picture. Not a fan of LipSense
NOT A 3 PACK!!! I only received 2 bottles that were labeled as a 3 Pack. I'm not very happy, I ordered this thinking I'd save a few bucks and it ended up simply costing me more for 2 bottles. I feel violated.
Be aware, if you have a foot size of 11, your feet won't get even close to fitting in. Vendor does not disclose this in the product description and will not pay for return shipment. Very unprofessional customer service reflecting indifference to customer satisfaction. STAY away from this product!
These bars were mailed by post office. As it is hot everyone of my bars were melted!!!!! They are not fit to eat!!!! They should have mailed these bars in a ice pack!!!!! I will not order again!!! So I lost my money and bars!!! What a rip off!!!!!
Unfortunately, it did not work for my son.
Ordered (1) package of 24 tubes of Blistex and received one. Still have not heard from vendor. Avoid this merchant!
I haven't had this diffuser for even a month yet and its already stopped working. I tried everything from less to more water, from no essential oils to using them, etc. Invest in a different one.
The top doesn't stay locked tight and moisture got in with my vitamins. I would select a different organizer.
If you like the feeling of a flaccid pee pee inside you then buy this... if you like not feeling your junk then buy this. If not stay away and learn to pull out
They didn't ship me a full box. I reached out, but never heard back. Will not buy again.
The product only worked once, then never worked again
I'm looking for good quality gluten free snacks. I'm still looking.
I am amazed at the positive reviews. I followed instructions exactly and my windows are more spotted than after the last havy rain. Useless for window cleaning. It did clean the screens without removing but you can do that with a spray mixture of Dawn dish soap and water and rinse with a garden hose. Dawn is a lot cheaper.
Where is the strainer you promised with my order
So I'm ok with the plates but when I ordered them amazon said free same day. They didn't come same day. So I called amazon and their response was “we don't offer same day delivery” which is interesting because I saw it on that item and I've seen it on other items since then. A lot of times amazon will change the delivery date after you order so beware on same day items. Because most times they use that to bait you then change it to next day after you submit. For these plates I wanted them same day I was out and I didn't want to dirty dishes so they ended up coming next day and amazon was no help in resolving the issue. So just beware on those same day items!
I tried using it for the FIRST TIME and it won't turn on and it's not eligible for refund. Don't waste your time.
Does not work for loosing weight
I did not receive the item. I contacted seller but never heard back! Why? I paid for the item, but it was never delivered!I will never recommend this seller!
Both of the cuff and stethoscope arrived damaged. I am going on a medical mission trip in just a day and now I am in a pinch to get a new one. I originally bought a Walmart one and returned it to get this one because I thought it would be of better quality but I was definitely wrong. I can't inflate the cuff because the Velcro slips and it also inflates our like some type of pool float. I am very disappointed.
This item came in an open box with the empty test strip container inside. We only ordered the lancets, so we're not expecting the trash to be included in the order.
Made my stomach hurt as well as my mothers. We both stopped taking within a few days
The initial smell is great. However, the scent that lingers is horrible. I used this on dryer balls and I'm pretty sure they are ruined by this smell. The clothes that were dried with this had to be rewashed to remove that smell!
I do like the wipes pictured here but you might receive something else instead. I tried to buy these and received something that was not the scent/type I ordered and seemed to be a manufacturing mistake because the packaging and dispenser did not work.
This was impossible to connect to a phone and then it died and wouldn't restart! Pathetic!
Do not buy! Product was delivered used.
This is not skulls... these are flowers... will be returning .
I spent almost $30 on this product and I'm 9 months pregnant and NEED this cream just to be sent an empty package.
I got this specifically because it said the battery lasts 5 days and it only lasts 1. I don't intend to buy Fitbit products again. I'll look for a tracker that actually fits my needs. For the cost, you would think the product would actually meet the marketing claims.
makes ur nose itch and makes ur nose run. not comfortable no matter what size i used. do not recommend
Didn't do anything for me. If anything it made it harder for me to fall asleep.
Bone dry snuff......pretty bad and definitely NOT worth the money
Shipped in an envelope and was damaged and did not work, crushed meds.
Never received product
3 months later and it no longer works
They did not relieve pain at all
Never reviewed anything before but I must warn you on this item. I have severe carpel tunnel in both hands , so much that even pain killers are no help. These did not help at all. But hey, learn from your own mistakes.
Already broken within 4 months
Product works great. Problem is the write up and photos say 120 capsules, but what you get is only 90 capsules. Paid full price and only received 3/4 of the product. False advertising - buyer beware.
I don't understand why the top of the actual pack of king palms was tore off and wasn't sealed? I didn't like that!!
I received an open, unsealed, and what appeared to be a used product.
I wouldn't of gave it any stars due to me never receiving my lashes and I bought two pairs, company said they were going to resend but never did..sad 😑
Never received them. I wouldn't buy from this place.
This product is very cheap I wore it 2 times and one strap already broke and it's not tight enough I have a size 6 shoe in women's and it's just to big...
At first I really like this case, however after about a month of use the stitches came out of the pockets. The only thing that was in my case was my stethoscope and pen light. Should not have lost stitching that quick.
Shit was expired in June yet they delivered it in November.
BIG PROBLEM WHEN BATTERIES DON'T FIT WHAT THEY'RE MADE FOR! BE MORE SPECIFIC ABOUT THESE BATTERIES! AS SOMEONE SAID ON AMAZON. NOT MADE IN USA. MADE IN MALAYSIA. ALSO BATTERIES ARE SLIGHTLY DIFFERENT IN SIZE! BECAUSE OF THAT!
Have not recieved my product despite ordering it a month ago.
I've used Bare Minerals Origional primer before. What was shipped to me is not functional. The pump doesn't work - just spits product randomly. The product that does come out is extremely watery - definitely not the same consistency as what I've always used. Steer clear.
The seller shipped the wrong product and hasn't responded to my requests to return and refund my money. BEWARE IF SELLER.
When I first opened my package, I was putting my medicine in the slots and for the wednesday slot when I pushed it down the white clip broke off!! I was expecting better...
It didn't make anything taste sweeter, and to make it worse they don't accept returns!
Several people complained that they fall off. I did not experience that until after they had been on as long as I could reasonably expect them to last. My issue is that they ooze silicone adhesive, and when you try to clean your glasses, that gets both on your lenses, where it is VERY difficult to remove, and also it gets on your cleaning rag, which means it happens again when you reuse that rag. It doesn't even wash out easily in the laundry, so it is maddening.
This is a terrible product. If you're looking to buy a feather duster, don't buy this one. All the feathers fell out in the first use. Awful quality.
paraffin. smells like plastic when melting. completely unusable in cosmetics; runs, lip balms, salves, etc.
Purchases to try to help my cat. 16 years old with a heart and kidney problem and walking a tight rope right now. She would not eat it and I did not even realize that it was supposed to be refrigerated after you open that. Or a girl that she would not eat it. I contacted the seller asking if I could return the unopened tub since I got two tubs and I believe they made a fair offer to return the money for one tub and help me just throw out the rest of it. So I supposed to get half of the purchase price back. Figured that was fair enough. Problem is when they refunded money they only refunded a quarter of the purchase price instead of half. Not sure if this was a miscommunication. So I am still trying to work on it.
I never received this. The day I was supposed to get it, I was notified it was delivered. I couldn't find it. Then the next day. Still nothing. Now 3 days later still no sign of it. Thank goodness Amazon refunded it for me.
Not very strong ....
Very disappointed that this tether cable did not work at all with me camera.
Worked great for first 30 days then the batter quit would take a full charge then completely die at 95 percent left will never buy another one
This product never worked for me in the first 60 days, so I purchased 60 more days and it still doesn't seem to be working. How long do you have to use it before you notice any difference
Christmas gift to my 93 old mom..... Just opened it..GARBAGE!!! Doesnt Heat, remote does NOT work ( brand new batteries)!!!!! Sending it back!!!! I would give it 0 and below stars if I could!!!!! Christmas Ruined!!!!!
might as well use your hand
Glue and paint inside the pipe. That's a no from me, but at least it makes for a good prop.
These bulbs last one to two days and they are out again. I sent the seller a email but got no reply. I won't buy again.
After a little over month, the top doesn't screw back on to the bottle as normal. It keeps popping off the thread.
Not very useful and practical
Now I know why this is shown on a male model...they forget women have breasts. So uncomfortable. Didn't fit my upper arm or sit snuggly at top of shoulder but cut off my circulation in bottom of arm when trying to adjust the lower strap. The strap that goes under your arm digs in to the tender part of your skin...all around awful. Returned this item.
Bad product. Do not order from here. The shampoo is actually really good but only if you buy it from a legitimate store. This product was watered down and did not foam. I bought the exact same shampoo from a store and it's amazing.
It was on time. But half the bottle leaked out. Maybe next time instead of a bag they should have ship in a box
I weigh 170 lbs and this inflatable donut already has a hole in it after less than a month of use. Completely useless.
It comes to you with the spray nozzle and siphon hose separate. I was unable to connect the siphon hose to the nozzle. It is a a VERY difficult and tight fit. I'll have to transfer the product to another bottle! “What odor?” Needs another packaging plan. At least have the little siphon hose already connected to the spray head. I wouldn't buy it until this problem is addressed.
Absolutely a waste of money. Was supposed to arrive earlier and now too much work to get ready for a party tomorrow. Total waste of money. Now running to target to get decorations because didn't receive on date promised and done have half a day as stated.
Ditto on what joe blow wrote in his review.
I was shipped the wrong item. This review is for the seller, not the product.
This complain is not about the product, it's about the POOR AMAZON CUSTOMER SERVICE. I returned this item almost a year ago, and the tracking showed it's returned successfully, but I did not receive the refund for a YEAR. I've been busy with no time to keep a track on this order, until recently I had another return to make on Amazon and checked to find out still not received the refund yet. So I online chat with the customer service. The first person was doing her job to check on this order and agreed to issue the refund. And I asked why it takes so long to process, then she transferred me to a so called CONCERN TEAM to talk with me. Can you guess what that person asked me in the beginning? HE asked ME the reason why I finally realized to contact them? YOU MUST BE KIDDING ME. At the end of this conversation, I suggest him not to ask their customer the same question again. He said: OK, I will make sure to make a note on that. OK, bye bye AMAZON, there are so many alternative online stores to shop.
Not very stable. Cheap material, rough edges that can cut you on assembly
Did not work for me has to see the doctor to have the end removed from my ear that broke off after the 3 day I returned it for a refund
I'm not sure what is going on with these but this is the second one I've ordered and the powder has been a complete rock inside. It's totally unusable. Also this is supposed to be a replacement of one that was just delivered on sunday and it WAS THE SAME WAY!!! I'm not sure if these are coming directly from isagenix or Amazon is storing these in their warehouse...either way they are being improperly stored if the powder is turning into "concrete".
You do not need to take this much. This is a ridiculously high amount. Overdoses cause permanent damage to the nerves, not to mention possible other problems that haven't yet been identified yet by research. Don't assume that just because supplements containing high levels of a vitamin are sold on Amazon that it means that that's a safe amount to take. "The European Community Scientific Committee on Food defined intakes of 50 mg of vitamin B6 per day as harmful and established a UL of 25 mg/day."
You are not allowed to return this item if it does not fit!
My husband took one look at it after it arrived in the mail and said since it's hollow on the inside that it would not be stable enough to set a toilet in and then an adult to boot. Returned!
My husband suffers from positional vertigo and all the reviews suggested that this would help in someway. It did not help him at all. He has used it over and over again as directed on the box and no relief.
this item is fake real fake product
I am pissed. I got 2 bottles of this for my cat in fur pulling out pain due to broken bones years ago...and it doesn't contain any CBD. No wonder it's not helping. Ugh!
Took both as directed and felt nothing
Is not the same , this one don't work
We are very disappointed with this thermometer. We bought it hoping for a reliable read and haven't found it in this product-we have read the directions to make sure we aren't missing something. My children clearly have a fever by feeling their forehead but the thermometer is registering as “green”-everything is great. Clearly it is not working correctly.
need to return it should my doctor today and it was not right at all i want to get another one
i had only seen 28 oz bottles and assumed this value pack was also 28 oz. they are 12 oz bottles, so the value is terrible. as others have said, Target, Walgreen's, and no doubt many others, sell the same product half the price.
This went bad after only a week's use. Made our baby sick. When we stopped using it, she was no longer getting sick from it. Don't know if it was a bad batch as we used it when she was smaller.
Broke in a week, I've had other pans for 5 years
Absolutely worthless. Must have a pencil dick in order to use anything bigger than that won't fit in the hole. Waited almost a month to receive this. Vibration quit as soon as I entered.
Smells nothing close to the old skin by bonne bell. Waste of my hard earned dollars
Terrible. Out of all of the bottles shipped 3 leaked all over and only 1 of the pumps actually worked. Very disappointed in Watkins. Been using the brand for over 40 years.
Its a great deal, but the shipper does not know how to effectively get the item to you without leaking everywhere. First package arrived and it had leaked all over the place and the box. was a huge sticky mess. Got with amazon and they sent out a replacement, only to arrive soaked and leaked thru AGAIN. im giving up and just gonna buy this in person cuz they dont have it figured out here.
I didnt even get to try the product because one of the bottles seemed to have been used and repacked. Sent back right away.
Does not support arch and help pain as expected. The padded ball is not a firm insert. It feels like a thin piece of quilt .
Cute glasses....BUT that is about it. There are wires supporting the nose pieces, and they are very flimsy. The lens just can't be kept off your cheeks. Totally disappointed with this purchase. Loose hinges which won't tighten up with a mini screwdriver.
Haven't had any ovulation in the two more the of using. Testing ovulation 5/6 times per day for the last two months.
Caused nothing but more pain.....Wouldn't recommend this product at all.
I took two caps today, and I was not able to swallow it because the capsules have a terrible odor. I would not recommend it to an ogre. Bad.......
Terrible stuff !!!!!! Very hard to dissolve in water. Lots of lumps. It taste like your drinking a glass of dirt mixed with something that's even worse. I would rather drink dirt than this stuff. I can't stomach it and it makes me want to throw up. If this product is the way to health than pass me the smokes and booze cuz I ain't going there.
Sorry bag was empty when it arrived, unsealed.
It did absolutely nothing. I used a regular qtip after and it did more than this thing.
never got it both times I have ordered it has not made it to my house. damage every time maybe someone should learn how to package their product.
Unfortunately, the brace has an oder that is very unpleasant, and my wife refuses to wear it for that reason. As I bought it for her, I've had to return it.
Big waste of money. The sticks arrived broken into small pieces. I did dump them down my drains, but I'm sure they just washed away the first time I ran water.
Did not work for me. No change in pain level (from mild to max) despite amount of cream applied. Icy hot and ben gay provides pain relief more so than this expensive cream.
I did everything that the cleanse recommend even down to the pre cleanse... I felt weak and lethargic the whole time. I didn't notice any change in my body, energy, or anything of that nature. I also didn't have a single bowel movement the whole cleanse. Would not recommend this to anyone being that it did more harm than help to my overall health goals
Junk. Broke the third or fourth time we used it
Wouldn't produce any steam , Switched on light came on for about a minute figured I received a faulty one . Got a replacement same ordeal
Honestly I ordered this product twice and both times it was the wrong flavor. I ordered Artic Orange which is colored in ORANGE. Both times it was Pina Colada. Like how do you not read the label?
Package was out for delivery, but later in the day got delayed... once the item was actually delivered (exactly one week later!) the bottle was broken and the box was soaked in the liquid that was inside. The package was returned back to the sender the next day in the same exact condition as it was delivered and refund WAS NEVER ISSUED (its being 2 weeks now!)!!!
Tried these 5-6 times before work outs with and without meals and ending up feeling nauseous for 90% of the time I was at the gym. NOT WORTH IT! I'd rather do my workout a little tired than feeling like I'm going to throw up the entire time. Overall this product was not for me.
Comfortable for my diabetic son
After taking a few of these Apple Cider Vinegar with Cayenne Pepper capsules I experienced burning sensation in stomach about 45 mins after taking each one. I returned the bottle and got a refund.
Very disappointed with this I saw many good reviews I bought it to use on my clients for lash extensions, it is way to sticky and it hurt their skin! I would love to return it but I have no time to do so!
Came packed loose in a large box with 2 other items that I purchased and had absolutely no packing in the box. Needless to say, busted up in crumbles. No brains???
Love the product I've been using it on my kids for years but I bought 2 of these in February to be prepared for the start of the summer and just pulled them out of the closet to see that they expired in April. And now it's too late to return them. Why would you ship a sunscreen that expires in 2 months?
Adversely affected my sinuses but loved the fragrance.
It stated 4 bottles. Only received one bottle. Buyers beware.
It arrived very clumped and caused me to break out in hives.
I've used a Diva Cup for a real long time, maybe 8 years at least without leakage. This cup just doesn't fit well and leaks at least once every cycle. I tried contacting the company by email to take advantage of their supposed money back guarantee, but no reply. I'll adjust this review if I hear back from them, but in the meantime this product is feeling like a sham.
I was sent a hot pink string bag used for produce. Apparently I can't be sent the bag I ordered because thier inventory is constantly changing(?) So somewhere else I go.
The unit looks like it might be just fine but it surely is NOT going to fit a large arm. The cuff is labeled "medium" and it is a small medium at that. This was a disappointment, but Amazon will issue a refund. I'd rather have gotten one that would work for me, though!
This did NOT work as good as others I've tried.
Awful. Never again will I buy this garbage.
I've worn this about half a dozen times and the stitching is staring to come out one of the braces.
I got this for help with adult acne and after two months of daily usage it has done nothing for me.
We did not receive the product
They arrived melted together, I had to throw them away. Very disappointed.
I think this worked twice. And it was heavier than expected. Save your money and buy a better battery.
Didn't agree with me. Company refunded my money.
It was working great but was only able to use it for a week before it broke .
This flavor is really really bad. I'm returning it for the pills.
My order didn't include the right letters.
So horrible. Really wish I could return this. Super grainy and muddy. Definitely skip on this.
I ordered a 4 pack = 320 wipes. I received 1 pack of 80 wipes. There is no way for me to contact amazon to ask them to send the other 3 packs, so I paid $14.99 for 1 pack.
I don't feel like it did anything useful for me.
I never got these and amazon had to refund me. Don't use this seller. I'm guessing stuck at customs? Meh
I have not received the product and amazon has not answered my claim or problem. I have notified amazon and they said handed package to person at home and this did not happen. Very unhappy- I gave up because the cost of the order- not worth wasting any more time on this order.
They don't work. Doesn't do anything, definitely doesn't secure the wig in place. You get what you pay for
Dead batteries upon arrival... ruined the Party and my cat's play time drastically!
Something changed in their formula and it is no longer as good. They won't respond to my inquiries. They lost a customer as a result.
The taste is absolutely horrible! My 8 year old refuses to take it. I tried it and it tastes awful!!!
I bought this product for my husband. The primary reason he wanted it was to track sleep. It does a poor job of it. It is constantly incorrect with the time of going to sleep. Very frustrating! He has stopped using it. Also, the pulse is not accurate. He tested it against a chest heart monitor and it was constantly incorrect. I would not recommend this product. At the price, it's a rip off.
Very disappointed in this product. I have purchased several non nicotine non tobacco vapors to attempt smoking cessation prior to surgery and this was by far the most expensive and least effective product. The taste is good if you could actually inhale some of the vape. Absolutely nothing comes out. Only able to taste a mild bit of menthol. For the price, this product is totally not worth it.
I was not impressed with flavor. I felt that they were too sweet and had a bad aftertaste. I would not purchase the S'Mores flavor again...
We never got this product; it was damaged in shipping and was deemed undeliverable by the shipping company. Since we never got the product we expect a refund please since we have never received it and can confirm it with amazon.
This item came in HORRIBLE condition with the bottle busted and everything dried up. I opened it and the brush fell out and I cant even get th bottle out of the box. Says I cannot return or replace, which I think is HIGHLY unfair since I did not do it. This product came in horrible condition and I feel like I should be able to ask for another to get sent. NO NO NO.
Dropper lid doesn't fit, can't close the bottle. I have to use the original bottle lid, and use the dropper separately.
This was the 1st time ordering this product. I opened the seal and it was clumped up. I worry about the quality control and Amazon won't let me return it.
Why is there a picture of a the bottle on the package when it's not included! I need a bottle.
This product will not work with a modern toilet seat that has integrated mounting bolts. It requires an old fashioned toilet seat that has mounting tabs with bolt holes and separate mounting bolts. The product description does not mention this, and the product is non-returnable. Buyer beware. Caveat emptor.
I have found no difference in using this product. I followed the directions and would not recommend this product.
I never received this
They've shipped to the wrong adress.. I didn't get my stuff.
Only waste moeny,rubbish.
This is a total scam, I trusted Amazon marketplace and purchased this. The price is 400% higher than the retail price. I tried to cancel my order, but seller denied even the product was not shipped. Finally recieved the package ordered from Sams club.
This has definitely been watered down or tampered with somehow. The one I get at the store is normally much more thick and viscous but this one is really watery. I've contacted Amazon and Dove for them to investigate. Hopefully we can get a quality product soon enough
I bought the product based on its advertising. After one year, I found it did nothing described. When I called to stop auto-delivery and return the product, the person answering the phone was offended and responded rudely. He wanted to know why I was cancelling and was argumentative. He also said they did not guarantee the product and did not accept returns. Fortunately, I bought it through Amazon. I will never again buy a Relentless Improvement product.
Can't seem to get these to work for small ears.
Box was not damaged but product was not bubble wrapped and leaking!!
Stopped working Very Soon after purchase
the image clearly shows a pink pill organizer, instead I got a white one.
I've ordered this twice and both times about half of the pods were broken/unusable. There was not any packing materials and the pods did not survive shipment. I will NOT order again.
Love the Scott Towel product in general but will NOT order this again. The rolls are literally half the size that they usually are when you buy them in the store. Unfortunately my local store stopped carrying them so I was forced to order online. What a disappointment! I'll be switching brands. Don't waste your money.
Guess they would be okay if you wore them barefoot, but they are too bulky for shoes. They wrap around your foot and Velcro on the top of your foot. Very awkward. I returned them.
Updated review: so far I've bought 3 of these sound machines and all 3 have broken. The middle button gets stuck and you can no longer turn it on/off. Super unhappy because it just hit the 30 day return window. Original review: Comes with a charger so no batteries needed (love this feature). There's a ton of sounds to choose from and the sound quality is pretty good for the price
The pills are so big I almost choked. I haven't noticed any difference with sleep quality, I would never buy this brand again.
It never came but said it was delivered.
I thought (based on other reviews) that this would fit my 30 year old dry mops, but this product was too big, and fit none of them. Instructions say to handwash this. I'm not going to handwash a mophead! And I hoped it would shrink. It didn't shrink but turned my washer and dryer to a mess of flying fluff.
I was sent the wrong item, then re-ordered again and was sent the wrong item again. Such a waste of time! Cancelling and will not order again.
I received it fast. But due to issues including sharpness around a section of its perimeter, I've initiated a return. Not sure if an exchange would have solved the issue. That being said, it may work for others.
Here's what you'll get when you order the better one; a super cheap substitute with no rebate or explanation, no bubbles, no LED. Ordered it as a gift for Father's Day gift because of all the settings the one they show you has. Don't fall for it!
Mislabeled. It takes 2 pills to get the listed dose. This cuts servings in half.
The strips did not stick at all
Bought this , worked for two days and now will not work. So stupid
These are inedible. I am a health food freak and I have tried many products over the years that have been awful tasting but this tops the cake. I have never tasted a cough drop so disgusting in my life
Started leaking gray goo out the side and end before one year. The email address for this company (UK) is invalid. There appears to be no customer support.
Stupid expensive for what you get.
Didn't tell exactly what it is and product details
Sent the wrong product ☹️
Doesn't work. Don't waste your money
I returned. Not the mg that is stated in the wording.
Very useless and doesn't do anything that says it does
Junk and unable to return
The product smells and tastes rotten! Just opened the new can and now I will have to throw away a full container.
The fragrance is overwhelming and requires much extra rinsing so that dishwater doesn't smell like soap.
The spray does not reach the back of the throat, so the gag reflex is not suppressed. It effectively numbs the tongue and inside of the cheek, but thats not good for much.
I did not feel any difference after 2 months of taking this.
I asked to please cancel this order. After sending that message the WaterPic was shipped. I asked for & received a RMA. Upon receipt I returned the item. To date I have not received a refund. In as much as the item was shipped after I attempted to cancel the order I believe the 20% restocking charge is totally inappropriate. Then this morning I received a satisfaction survey from the vendor; what's wrong with that picture? PS: A single star ratting is too high!
irregular heartbeat. this thing can worsen known or unknown heart problems. Use at your own risk. Risks outweigh the benefits for me.
Horrible. Defect on arrival. Never even got to try it. Very disappointed.
Couldnt tell a difference and poor quality.
No matter how well you lick them they don't stick together it comes unrolled as you're smoking
I tried to wash them prior to first use and they fell apart... they're on their way back.
This vendor sold me a product with an expiration date of over 2 months ago. Plus the pills are the size of a brazil nut and really hard to swallow. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT.
I am so disappointed after waiting 6 days to receive this remedy (even though it was considered prime) the safety seal on the bottle was broken and the bottle had previously been opened. Needless to say I am not going to risk using it since it had been tampered with. I contacted amazon and they were nice enough to refund my money so I could purchase from a different vendor because this item is "Non returnable" by the vendor. I can't believe they do not check the safety seal before shipping items out as this is a serious safety concern.
I do not believe this is a quality product. I'm not sure if it even had Kava in it. I was very disappointed.
It does wonders but needs to be more durable.I was only able to used it for 3 days ,before it snaped in half .Big waste of money .
I was so excited for this tool but it doesn't fit anything well and it's odd shape makes it hard to use.
These skis have left multiple scratches on my wood floors requiring repair work. Just awful!!!
Maybe it was just me but I felt as if it had no effect whatsoever.
DO NOT BUY THIS TEA! If I could give NEGATIVE stars on this I would. Terrible stomach cramps and diarrhea. If you want that kind of a cleanse you are better off using Miralax or Metamucil.
Nasty tasting. Does not taste like cinnamon or vanilla. Tastes like chemicals. Its only and you can see it floating on top of you tea. I returned it.
Never received package
Don't waste your money on this product... if a product suppose to be affective you should results on the first try.. waste of money! I suggest to spend your money on a gym membership !
Taste was OK but it was the same thing as OJ. I lost about 3 pounds and didn't eat anything
For me cause nausea and even vomiting
I am new to organic hair products and thought I would try this gel because it said it could be used on dry hair. I have medium thick hair that I normally wear in a messy bun. Unfortunately this product did not work well for my hair using it with the dry hair directions. Returned product
This order was dropped in the middle of my driveway. We are in a weather pattern of pop up showers everyday. When I returned home I found the package not safely secured by the garage or the covered front patio. Absolutely unacceptable and Amazon the delivery Person should be fired and held accountable
Not a good buy for me.
Good packaging, lighter looks great but doesn't live up to the hype, lighter does not work
I've never gotten a positive . Not even when I'm actually ovulating .. so they haven't worked for me at least
I am a professionally trained chef. I intended these to help keep some of my dry herbs at the prefect moisture level with out rotting. I saw zero difference between using them and experiment with not using them. I used a pump seal stainless steel canister, so they were in a perfect vacuum in which they should have worked well. They simply did nothing.
These did NOT come packaged as shown, they came in a little white box that was not even sealed. Once again Amazon allows its customers to be ripped off. The batteries are from China and have exploded in people's devices. I had the batteries exploded in my brand new headlamp flashlight and ruined it, I posted this on Amazon with pictures and not so much as a whisper from anyone at Amazon. Thanks for allowing sellers to rip us off and put us in harms way Amazon! The pictures of the exploded batteries in My headlamp flashlight are on my review of the headlamp as I originally though the headlamp caused it,
They sent me a bottle with a sticker on it that said the item I ordered (which was suppose to be chamomile oil) but When i peeled that off the original label was underneath and its actually 'Jasmin Absolute'. It obliviously doesn't smell like Roman Chamomile, it 100% is not what I ordered or what they tried to label it as. The fact they tried to over the original label thinking i would fall for it is insane
Great product while it worked. Stopped working after less than 1 month.
Probably will not order online again. The boxs came opened.
I don't like the bath mat it's slides around.
This item came cracked.
I purchased these thinking they'd be better than my Dr. prescribed pills. I was wrong. They made me violently sick to my stomach and run to the toilet every few hours, even throughout the night. I had aggressive stomach pains all day, everyday. I went back to my other pills and the symptoms subsided within a few days. I have a pretty tough stomach, I don't usually have any stomach or bathroom issues, but these really caused me pain.
The bottle arrived empty!!!
It was working great for awhile. But recently it has stopped working. It also leaks through the bottom all over.
This stuff tastes like ground up grass or weeds. It is really bad. It has a funny smell to it and I find it very very hard to believe that it's 100 to 150 times sweeter than sugar. Just don't believe that at all.
had to return not stable
I've had better. They don't stay up like they should. I keep finding myself adjusting them throughout the day. Don't like.
Does not work for hip bursitis pain.
I ordered this as a Christmas gift and when I received it in the mail, it was just your standard salt lamp. Amazon refunded my money, which was nice, but I was fearful of ordering it again so I never got it, I had even ordered essential oils to go with it, and had to return them as well. Not a good experience at all.
My airline did not let us use it. They said the pillow is unsafe and will likely not be approved with any airlines. It also took a while to inflate and did not fit in space between chairs when fully inflated.
Made me sicker than a dog
Did not do a darn thing.
I NEVER would have ordered from this vendor if I knew that they would ship the bars in a STYROFOAM BOX! I ordered 2 boxes and they shipped them separately - each in an individual nasty toxic STYROFOAM BOX - NEVER AGAIN!
I cannot believe someone mailed a glass bottle like this. I'm surprised it halfway made it. Leaking contents everywhere the entire outside is soaked and sticky. This item is in eligible for return or exchange how my supposed to get a good bottle? This is what I get for buying something to dollars cheaper on Amazon instead of buying it at my natural food store
There are not many products that give me an immediate headache but this is one of them
I received an empty package with a pamphlet about the item!
My daughter has chicken pox. I saw that this product had decent reviews,and it seemed to be just want we needed. It smells like citronella! It's so bad we can't even use it. I'm am so disappointed. A waste of 20 dollars. I absolutely do NOT recommend this product.
I use this as a setting spray over my makeup. I like the way it gives my skin a dewy look but in general I don't like this product. I dislike the smell. It smells like fake roses ,not natural at all and it's hard to get past. The worst part is the spray dispenser . It's beyond bad, I can't even really use the product because of it. It sprays uneven ... leaving wet splats on your face, it expels too much at a time, the spray is too wide . I'm going to put it in a different setting spray bottle. I don't think my makeup really last any longer when using this. I wouldn't recommend it. It was $12 for two bottles so it's a decent value but I'd rather pay more for a better product. Update:
When I tried to open them 3 of them tore. They were stuck together so bad that when trying to separate near the inside bottom they tore!! Won't buy them again!
I seem to be one of the last individuals allowed to order this product. However, after my order had been mailed they stop selling it due to issues? They don't say what the issues are and I did not feel comfortable taking this! Can someone please explain why it was sent to me if there are issues, and what the issues are?
I don't recommend this product as the brackets did not fit my Jeep Cherokee Trail Blazer. When I ordered it, the manufacturer assured me that the brackets would work with my vehicle make and model. But when it arrived, it did not. What a disappointment!!!!!!!,
I had read about this problem a few years back in Consumer Reports. We use Pyrex measuring cups in our restaurant for all sorts of things. We don't bake with them but they are supposed to be microwave safe, and we do use them that way. But, the one that exploded today was just sitting on the shelf, clean, with nothing in it. Two of us were standing there when it happened. We had glass everywhere. Fortunately, not sharp shards, just rounded edges, but some of the pieces landed almost six feet away from the shelf where the measuring cup was sitting. Scary.
I'm very much average sized but after second use the inside tore in the very back of cup for the vagina hole and now a pocket is open inside where built in back support is. Not going to reuse do to cleaning concerns and also the back support can be felt when in use, and not in a good way. Yes I used lots of lube and this isn't my first toy.
These are Awful. Super cheap, split caps dont fit together. Either to big or to small or split all together. Made the process take triple the time and wasted half of them. Super frustrating!!!
Ridiculously small lens. You may need another magnifying tool to see this magnifying tool.
Smells strong, but I COVERED my deck in this stuff: edges, railings, furniture, around slider door.. and I swear it attracted more spiders than usual... I woke up to webs EVERYWHERE overnight.
Has a really bad chemical smell on its own, which actually made the odor problem I was trying to get rid of worse.
Not a Bang issue but likely an Amazon issue...package was smashed up inside the Amazon box, three cans of the 12 pack were so damaged they had leaked and were empty. Most of the cans were damaged. Disappointed.
They don't work. They don't keep my clothes from tangling. I doubt the help with cleaning either. They just sink to the bottom of the washer.
Although the labels showed they were supposed to be Hawaiian breeze scent, they were not. They had a spice smell to them, different from the scratch'n sniff sticker on the boxes. Thankfully Amazon refunded me so I could purchase the correct scent from a different seller. Thanks Amazon!
I Ordered 2 Of The Birthday Sash I Didnt Get Them & They Say They Have Been Shipped
Like smoking leaves of a tree
The fit of the filters to make the assembly is not very good. Do not like the design. Would rather not have to build up the assembly to use. Only way it stays together is when you put it in the machine !
I would like a refund on this item. They broke completely in half when I tried to form them to my mouth
purchased a 3pk neutrogena facial bar soap, paid $18 and received 1 BOX with a label that says "Pack of 3". The amazon packer probably took the other 2 boxes. Shame!
bought for my wife for christmas, but she received two others. Told it's not eligible for return. No explanation as to why.
Amazon is not helping at all. They sent me an image of the delivered package, it's not even my address. This is the 3rd time that my package has been delivered to the wrong address. I'm curious how the delivery driver can take a picture of the delivery at the wrong address, identified in the photos, and Amazon's only solution is to refund my $$. What is the purpose of being a Prime Member when they can't do the simple things correct?
It does not come as pictured in a pail. Comes in a plastic jar. Deceptive. Not sure how much is in there because what I ordered was not what arrived.
My 90 year old Mother-in-law saw this in a magazine, and thought she would be able get around her home easier with this being much smaller than her walker. Wrong! Please be advised. This walker tips backwards when you put any weight on handles at all. DO NOT PURCHASE IF YOU NEED A WALKER FOR STABILITY. This thing is an accident waiting to happen. Returned as soon as it came.
I have tried over 30 pre-workouts in the past few years and I can easily say this was by far the worst one. While it give me the tingles that I like, it upset my stomach every time and would literally make me use the bathroom 3 times. Once 5 minutes after drinking, once during my workout and once at the end of the workout or after. I tried taking some time off this pre and coming back to it but nothing helped. I let other people try this pre-workout and they often said they had to run to the bathroom atleast once. Somehow, it would often make my body get chills and feel cold, something I have never experienced in any other pre-workout. It did not mix well with water and often had a grainy after taste. While i know I picked the strangest flavor (cereal killer) it was also by far the worst tasting pre-workout I have ever tried. I am still amazed by how terrible my experience was with this.
Doesn't work at all. My fiancé said it burns and doesn't help.
Seriously a waste of money... product does nothing. Took for 3 weeks straight, watched my diet. No difference.
Top is wondfo. Middle is clinical guard. Bottom is accumed. These arent as sensitive as they were two years ago. I've been taking meds that have a big warning label and I was told by my doctor they can cause miscarriage and birth defects. If i relied on these accumed HCG tests alone, I doubt I'd have a healthy viable pregnancy. I'm stopping meds immediately because these other tests just came in the mail (clinical guard and wondfo) and thank God I took them as soon as they came. Same urine sample. Clear positive. I hate these tests. Accumed was so negative tonight I couldn't believe it. The line on clinical guard showed that dark at 3 minutes!
This is the dumbest sh*t I've ever done. Want to sleep with an oddly shaped piece of plastic sucking on your tongue? Well here ya go.
It cost as much as crutches and lasted me less than a month.. not strong material
Won't stay snug. They end up irritating my feet due to all the movement.
Item was delivered to wrong address. Never received.
This heating pad only worked for a little over a month. Won't turn on. It was good until then! Only gave it 1 star because it stopped working!
I did not like that product was leaking inside envelop when I opened package. I was not really surprised because of the flimsy wrapping used- should have used much more padding for fragile item.
Totally got ripped off. $18 for a pack of 6!!! Ripped off
Hose on exerciser lasted 2 days before getting holes in it so now useless
So far I got nothing from it so will say It does not work
This is what arrived today...Yes, the mail envelope and opened package were empty! Amazon, what is going on?
I wonder if these were fake because they seemed super low quality, leaked really easy and had a different color wet line.
I ordered this fitbit for my daughter for Christmas. She loved it, until it stopped working. After 5 months of use it stopped charging.
This item is shipped from China. I complained about it being advertised as Prime 2 day shipping but Amazon deleted my post. Trying again.
Every dentist I have spoken with about toothbrushes has said the same thing. Get one with soft bristles. These have not only very stiff bristles but they are sharp as well. The tips don't feel like they have rounded tips. While was using them I would run them under hot water for a minute to soften them up. It was better but still didn't really solve the problem. I went back to using my old brush. The old brush was stiff as well when new but it is soft now and the tips were never sharp like these are. I am sure that someone thought that the strangely configured brush was a big improvement, however, they must not have actually tried using it before going ahead with the redesign. The more you use it the more sore your gums will get and I do not have ANY sign of any gum disease at all.
Trash oil. Mixed with carrier oil. So dissapointed.
Couldn't figure out how to make it work.
This product is an absolute piece of crap, test yourself, blow again, your results will be vastly different! Do not count on this device!
My physical therapist recommended these for the arthritis in my hands. Unfortunately they didn't fit anything I needed them for. Holes were either too big or too small.
I use something like this at my orthodontist office. I was so excited to find and order these. However, the taste is less than desirable. I should have listened to those who reported this in their reviews. The taste is like soap. No mint flavor whatsoever. I threw them away as it was too late to send back. So very disappointed.
I never received it.
Opened this product it was gross looking all clumpy it wouldn't even go up in the dropper. Sent it back and never received my MONEY either or a CREDIT... NOT HAPPY CUSTOMER HERE It really doesn't even rate ONE STAR
These domes look the part, are packaged correctly, and exactly what is recommended for my hearing aids, but they are much softer and collapse in the ear when inserted. My audiologist compared them to her supply: these are milky-white compared to hers, the openings differ,--and they are indeed much more pliable. I delayed and missed the window for Amazon's refund by one week this defective supply. Future buyers, please beware!
This product was supposedly delivered to my mailbox on July 1, 19, there is nothing on my front porch or my mailbox. Please let me know where the product is.
Can't get the flipping bottle open. Even my husband, who never has trouble getting anything open. Unbelievable. Next time I'll order straight from J. Crow like before. Never had problems from them. Is this the real thing? It has got me wondering. Update: I used a pair of pliers and that got the lid off and broke the seal, cutting myself in the process, but it worked.
Hold not great, smells awful! I would not recommend
The straps that go under the arms is too wide and bulky, especially when adding the 'comfort' pieces. Also, when I tried to tighten it, it just kept pulling up higher in the back. I have purchased another one that has a wide strap that goes just below my chest and it is much more comfortable.
I wear the brace at night as instructed by my doctor. I decided to buy these instead of the $80 braces from my doctors office. After a few weeks the braces are falling apart where the Velcro is attached on both braces. I would recommend buying a different brand that will have better quality and last longer.
Picture shows two holders but on comes with one and the seller will not give refunds
Lack of "athlete" setting means that the scale does not accurately measure bodyfat for me. Truly unfortunate, since a 25 dollar scale from Walmart actually does this job well. Sucks to suck, qardio.
they dont do their job . dont waste your money . i used 1 for 3 weeks had to change the filter . dont waste you money
Beautiful chain, but it broke after one day.
The seller sent the wrong product. Instead of Animal Pak Flex they sent the Animal Pak Pump. These packages are almost identical in color, size, and packaging of the tube. Make sure you check the ingredients list and package name when it arrives
Very disappointed! The product is much smaller than the description and not even close to an E-Cup or the measurements that are displayed. The product is more like a small C-cup and should be advertised as such. The only good thing about the product is the soft feel but other then that it's Not recommended!.
I got bariatric surgery 5 months ago and I was wanting to have a bar with me in case I need fuel or get hungry. The sugar and calories on these are awesome. The taste, well not so much. I absolutely love lemon anything but these bars are extremely hard to choke down. I made myself eat one but I'm going to throw the rest of the box out I hate it. I would go with a different flavor because they're fantastic on everything else.
This is about Amazon, not the seller. Order was done with no issues. Ordered on a Thursday, scheduled to deliver on a Saturday. No problem. Was home most of the day. Picked up my phone to see a delivery notification. We have Amazon lockers but never received a code to the locker. Opened the app and it said delivered "Handed to the resident". Umm, no it was not. No one handed it too me because it was never delivered. Contacted Amazon via their stupid auto text system. Was messaged that a new delivery would be made on Monday and that My Orders would be updated to reflect this. My Orders was never updated and come Monday, no delivery. Contacted Amazon again to be informed that the original deliver was entered in error and to give them until the end of the day. Yeah, okay. Now it's Tuesday and I'm calling Amazon. Got a hold of an actual live person, just to be told that this is a third party seller and all Amazon can do is refund my order. Really? You couldn't say that from the very beginning? How hard is it for you to tell me that, even via your stupid auto messenger system. Although I would love to actually review this product, it's kind of hard to when Amazon never delivers it when they say they did.
Only buy this if you want to have the least amount of heat possible, bc to me, the high setting felt like it was off setting. So barely got to me
Does nothing really,not worth it
If i would of know this was used i would of stuck with my current one. Title is misleading.
these are really bad quality! they smell like fish! dont waste your money
BUYER BEWARE. You receive 20 loose batteries made in China in a plastic bag. NOT the packaged batteries shown in the listing. No way to know if you are buying real Duracell batteries or inferior Chinese knockoffs. And even worse, if you decide you don't want to take the risk, you CAN'T return them. For a few cents a battery, save yourself the aggravation and buy from a reputable source.
my husband has very bad knee pain was hoping this would help doesn't seem to help a lot we will try other things .thanks anyway as I know other people who it has helped.
Horrible. Ears must be made of stone or you are in pain. What a rip off this is.
They sent me the wrong product entirely, not sure what its use may be but its not a knee sleeve. Then they have no contact information online, so I am stuck with this product of which cannot be returned. DONT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY.
It was HUGE. I went back to my old strap. Not for my face.
The worst water jug I've ever bought. After 3 uses the lid no longer screws onto the bottle. Making the jug utterly useless. I recommend you look elsewhere for a water jug.
Ordered it with 1 day shipping now it says it could take 4 days - unacceptable
I ordered this and it was empty when I opened the package
This is broken & obviously used & that's just nasty! I wanted to give 0 stars but it wouldn't let me. It's scratched up & the control panel is broken.
Don't buy! Broke in 3 months! Says 1 year warranty but there's no way to exchange/return!!!
I have purchased these from other sellers these should be called mini not small, very very small. Unable to return will not purchase from them again. See photo
im sure it's not their fault but it came broken and it won't even give me the option to return it
Liars had just sent a piece of sleeve that had no connection between the top and the bottom Which person in the world has similar dimensions in both parts of the knee? Just plain cheating
Fast shipping but I received this gel with no instructions whatsoever and what information there was or how to use it they put their sticker over it and when I tried to peel it off well you guessed it everything came off so I'm not a happy camper I don't know how to put it on,how thick,how long it's gonna take to become numb,how long it will last not a happy camper will not buy from this seller again.
This item arrived rancid. The texture was watery whereas it should be creamy. It also had a very off, rancid odor. Please don't ship rotten product anymore.
I've been purchasing this product since 2012. It has been a good product until my last order. The product ingredients and packaging have changed. The product label now states 28% DV instead of 68% DV for the same 3 Billion CPU. How could it drop 40% and remain the same 3 Billion CPU? My child will no longer take these because of the change in taste due to new product ingredients. Beware when you order the description of product on website in incorrect. I contacted Nature's Way and they are going to research and call back.
Does last more than 40 flush
Other reviews are fake, these are literally just overpriced flimsy Band-Aids. Stay away.
I hate to give this item only 1 star but I guess you get what you pay for here. Mask is horrible. It doesn't create a tight enough seal when connected the nebulizer so it easily will fall apart if you are moving around during a treatment. The little mask is for a toddler so it was way too small for my 13 year old and the large mask was so big that part of the mask was almost touching his eyes. It served its purpose but it was annoying to readjust constantly. The manufacturer should really make some adjustments on this mask. Tubing was sturdy and no problem. Chamber that holds medication was easy to clean. The masks need to be changed. The connection from the mask to the nebulizer needs to have a tighter fit and not be so easy to disconnect and the mask itself has sizing issues. I will not be purchasing this again I am sorry to say.
Rancid, must have been a old batch. Previously these were good when purchased. This bottle stinks. We attempted to use them anyway, but the smell was enough to gag us.
I never received my order. It's been 3 months 👎👎👎👎👎
Feels somewhat soft but the smell that come off is horrible. I'm using it for my toddler who still sleeps without a pillow and the smell is just too strong of whatever water proof material
Would not leave at my door now they want me to go pick up package at UPS. The whole point of buying on Amazon was so I didn't have to go out after work. If they can't leave it at the door I don't need it. It can set at the shipping facility and I will go to a local retail and buy it from now on.
The product did not work as described. No weight loss and no improved energy. Please issue a refund per 100% satisfaction guarantee.
Taste...did I get a bad batch? I read no bitter taste in the description but it was so bitter and strong I nearly gagged- even after mixing with vanilla almond milk and adding cacao. I'd love to use a product like this but I couldn't get past the first drink.
I bought about 12 different sized and colored dildos for a bachelorette party in November. I just opened the box and noticed that there was mystery sticky black liquid all over everything. I bought one of these in black and the other in purple. Both melted!!!!! These were stored in my room and not stored in any extreme temperature. These were for bachelorette party decorations and games. I would never put these near the lady parts. Very dangerous!!! Please do not order these!!
The first picture is what I already had. The second is what was sent to me. I ordered daily chef food service 18in x 500ft heavy duty food service foil. They sent me members mark.
It was not delivered.Amazon has given me a refund.
This broke after using it for one night. Returned product.
This is no good Don't waste your money
Horrible I never write reviews but I had to these ratings must be all fake, I got this today it came use wirh pen ink all over it and the measurements are way way off look at picture. Oh and the return spring is broken lol. I threw it right in the garbage 2 minutes after getting it
Doesn't work. I'm used to taking 10mg of melatonin. It knocks me out. This? They are just a tasty treat before bed.
ordered size med, for my mother was sent large . returned them and reordered med, was sent large again . sent them back .went to walmart
I took them for a few days and unfortunately it did not help me at all with increase in energy! I am disappointed and returning the product.
It pulls your shoulder forward and does not help with anything.
This was a bummer, maybe it just didn't fit properly. When we put it on my son's arm, the air came out but as soon as he bent his elbow the air came back in so we didn't chance it. I gave it 1 star bc it didn't fit
My mistake but I assumed I was getting a value. When I rechecked this is nearly twice the regular price at a store.
I can see the potential, but it arrived WITHOUT needed, as well as shown on box, attachments to be able to even use.
Stopped working after only 4 months
The first time I ordered the gummies were great. The second time they came brown and discolored so I reordered. The new batch came brown and discolored also. Disappointed since these are the only prenatals I can stomach. Won't be ordering anymore.
Do not waste you money on this junk. Does not fit properly. Falls apart after a few uses and continuously have to tighten it
The worse smelling and most horrible tasting pill I've ever taken. Also did not effect me in any way shape or form. Complete disappointment.
This product was not similar to the one I obtained from my dentist. The 35 percent was the same but the consistency was different. It burned my gums and made my teeth super sensitive
Didn't see any difference between taking these and any other bs product
it is a 300 tablets bottle but 180 days prior to the expire day when i get it .one a day ,i need to drop half of them?
The scale worked for about 6 months, and now when it is stepped on it begins to calculate the weight for about one second before resetting to zero. A battery replacement has not fixed the issue.
It was sent to wrong address. Please pick up and send to correct address. We moved.
This is horrible toilet paper. With no tube the roll does not roll freely after you use about half of it.
Stopped working after 6 weeks. Save your money and time -look elsewhere.
This watch is so inaccurate! I wake up with 300 steps. I compared my gps data with the watch and it's way off. I wish I had bought a different one. The watch is EXTREMELY difficult to add it to the charger. I wish I could get my money back.
For some people this item appears to work great. However, after consuming it, I almost threw up and had stomach issues... It also doesn't dissolve that great. So if you can handle little chunks and don't generally have a sensitive stomach, it might be for you.
Doesn't do a thing to hold the cane up.
Never received; e-mail if complaint returned that seller left Amazon. Horrible!
Product ok, but crazy expensive! Did not realize the size (my bad).
The zip lock on the bag doesn't work. More than half of this stuff went flying into the air like a sandstorm. It was all over my apartment, on every surface. It took me an entire day to clean it up.
I only received 11 days worth instead of 14.
It's okay. Not for me.
This must be a counterfeit product sold by amazon. The strips are reading the same wrong level of ketone at different condition (ie prolonged fasting) but another box of same product purchased earlier gave totally different results. I wanted to return but it is not returnable. No wonder why.
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. These do not stay on. They come loose immediately. On dry clean skin. I've used two. And they fell off within 3 minutes. They appear to be very sticky. But it's a lie. Huge waste of money.
Initially we thought this was the best sound machine we have ever had. It helped our baby (and us) sleep, and silenced any outdoor weather (we live in a Windy area). Our machine started to skip after a week, stopping and starting briefly in the middle of the night. We figured we just had a bad device so we exchanged it for another one. After another week, the same thing happened. We loved this machine, but after two defective ones and reading the other reviews on here, we had to return and go a different direction.
I purchased two bottles of this product. One of which leaked all over the package during delivery so that bottle was unuseable. Not that it would've really mattered because the other bottle that was left was rancid. Flax seed oil shouldn't smell like fish. Really disappointing.
It did nothing to realign my great toes, did NOT stay on when walking at home = it slid off my feet, would not stay on when in bed overnight. Waste of money
When turned on it emitted a loud squeal
First I would like to say this is not a hate review, but a review based on what I personally experienced. I was first introduced to this product on a Joe Rogan podcast as I am a big fan. I was really hoping that this product would work, but I was also aware of the side effects before purchasing this product. I followed all the directions, but sadly I experienced all the same side effects everyone else has been experiencing. In just 20-30 min, I felt nauseous and I couldn't stop trembling. From my observation, this product works for a specific group of people. It sucks to be the minority that is affected by the side effects.
this item never came to me it got actually nailed to a different place which was signed by not me someone else who lives in that apartment now and I tried to get you guys to have them go back and pick it up and resend it to the correct address but nobody wanted to do that so ........
Doesn't help at all!! In no way does it do what it's supposed to, sorry...
I've used this product in the past and it works. Very disappointed that it only cost $3.50 per box at Costco and $5.00 per box here. Wish I had known that before i ordered. Now they want me to pay to return it?? It was a prime product??
This actually made my kidneys sore .
I did not find any type of pain relief, or really any other useful benefit. It had an extremely "greasy" taste as well as an off putting odor. While some find benefit to these products, I did not
These gloves are rediculously large, they are supposed to have impeded magnets - not true, the don't attract metal. The fingers are 1/2” long - my arthritis is mostly in my fingers not the palm of my hands AND they are not returnable!
This item is only made of plastic. I have other ice packs that have a soft fabric on one side, eliminating the need to place a "towel" next to your skin, as instructed by this one. I wanted to return it, but was not allowed to.
Found out it contains a lot of heavy metals and other toxic ingredients. Won't be buying again.
This company should be blasted and so should the seller on Amazon. They very carefully showed all the sides of the box and the product except the place where it distinctly says MADE IN CHINA! I will NEVER buy this product again nor will I ever buy from this seller again. Very deceitful.
i have very wavy hair that with the right product can even be slightly curly. this product was light, but it was as if i didnt have any product in my hair. many times i dont use any product in my hair and for me it's a waste of $25 for it to do nothing
Box was damaged and missing half dozen or so batteries. The replacement package looking perfect but was missing 6 or 10 batteries. Quality control needs to be involved
The sound of this device is not pleasant. It sounds cheap and feels cheaply made. I would not recommend this for white noise unless you like metal clinking sounds.
didn't like them they made my feet hurt so bad .never buying this kinda ever again .
The seller never contacted me to update me on the status. A month after purchase I reached out to them and they they end up cancelling the order. Not good at all.
I only got the lint brush. No lint combs arrived at all! I'm bummed.
Didn't see any change. Religiously used this but nothing. Don't waste your money. The smell is not a pleasant smell to me either.
Typically I read the reviews for products before I purchase. I went ahead and bought this product, despite some of the bad reviews, which didn't outweigh the good ones. This was a big mistake. This product has the most horrible flavor! I could only get two sips down. The reviews that say that it tastes like vomit were not lying! This didn't taste like any fruit loops that I have ever eaten, as stated by some reviews. As I type this review, just thinking about the taste turns my stomach. This was an expensive mistake on my part.
Caused a skin reaction that was rather painful. Not for sensitive skin types.
Very nice looking and well mae....HOWEVER....why is the top so tight. Compression up to that point appears to be graduated and then the top is tight and I am not sure that, especially, for knee highs - that is not counterproductive. I shall probably wear them for short periods of time but my concern for the tightness at the top has me concerned. Personally, I would not recommend.
Pathetic. Didn't even order it
Just awful. Not helpful in any way without a strap around the ankle. Just hangs there
beauty blender is better
Won't stay in place. Rides up and down.
Used on tile floor. Looked good after application but looked liked a total mess after floor had to be cleaned. Even used cool water. The floor was spotted and the wax started to lift leaving a white film everywhere. I had to scrub the floor several times on my hand and knees to get all the product off. I am sad that I bought a full gallon as I have to throw it out. Will not buy this product again!!
Dislike....it was very clumpy and I can't get my money back. Very disappointed!
Purchased in May 2018 and nothing has happened. Even with a sound mind and best intention. The smell is okay.
It didn't fit any of my vacuums which are all high end Sharks so it's laying in a corner waiting to be thrown away.
They do not make my hands feel warm. Actually it made my hands feel cool unless I put them against my body.
Sent me an entirely different product and now I'm covering my stitches with Band-Aids. What a waste of money.
Didn't notice a difference at all!
It actually made me very anxious and scattered my focus, had the opposite effect, it didn't work for me.
This is Not the same product. I have a 16 Oz I purchased for 10 dollars at whole foods. That product is thick and smooth. This product is THINNER at 2.5x the price. IT IS NOT EFFECTIVE. If you have your eczema under control using this product and you bought it at a local store, DO NOT SWITCH to this watered down amazon version or you will experience a flair up. HORRIBLE HUMAN BEINGS.
Really disappointed in this. I bought an Elizabeth W Room Reed Diffuser several years ago. Yeah, it lasted that long. It was time to buy another one and when it arrived, i knew something was up. The consistency and smell are completely different. The one i have is a deep gold oil based liquid that smells amazing and this is clear water that definitely doesn't have the signature scent--kinda smells of perfumed alcohol. I wonder if she sold the company. oh well.
love the sent but doesn't last as long as others I have
I concur with the previous assessment; this is very misleading. It does not include the adhesive, which, when I contacted the seller I was told I could buy it locally, but there was no indication as to what type or where. The main issue is, this should be an all-inclusive product, not something to drive customers to a local shop. The entire point of Amazon is shopping at home. It clearly is not designed for professionals, as I am sure they obtain their equipment from wholesale outlets and supply depots. It is meant for home users, who have no idea what adhesive to acquire, nor the means to locate it. When I responded to them the second time, all they offered was half my money back. if it was more than 8 bucks, I might contest it with Amazon. Note to Amazon, your sellers should not be trying to drive customers to brick-and-mortar stores; sort of defeats the purpose.
I bought this to help me with my posture, But it doesn't really help at all, it actually does the opposite and bothers me when I have it on. I bought it a while ago and I used it twice and put it on the side because it didn't benefit me at all.
This is the worst scale I've ever owned. I can step on the scale without clothes and then again fully clothed and weigh the exact same thing. It's almost like this scale remembers your last weight and if it's close, just displays the same thing over and over. Other scales I've had in the past are so accurate that you can literally see an ounce difference when you add or remove weight. DO NOT buy this thing if you are weighing in daily or keeping close track of your weight. All it is good for is a generalized number and is definitely not accurate!
these diapers do not wick away moisture, so it sits against your skin.
DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER. It is a scam. They send random products and not what you ordered. I unfortunately read other reviews saying this after I received a package of flower seeds instead of the superhero stickers I ordered. I am now being told I cannot return the item or receive a refund. EXTREMELY dissatisfied. Don't make the same mistake I did!
Terrible. The forehead doesn't work at all and the ear function makes 3 very loud beeps. Problem: my daughter doesn't like things in her ear and even if she did, taking a temperature during sleep is out of the question to keep the child sleeping. Can't turn it off manually. You have to wait until it turns off in 60 seconds on its own. If you get a Lo screen, you have to wait for it to turn off on its own. Annoying to say the least.
I don't know what energy bars the people who gave this 5 stars were eating, but it wasn't these!! If you like chewing on cardboard that was sitting in your garage for 10 years, this is for you. Worst energy bar I've ever tasted.!
I buy Vega for the high quality ingredients and overall healthiness of the powders — but this is basically just sugar, with a couple of added ingredients. Honestly, I was appalled at the amount of added sugar to this mix.
I have taken L-carnitine for years and never got a bad batch until this bottle. I took 16 and then isolated each supplement to see which one was making me sick. It was this product. Never again.
I dint't like these. Waste of money.
After only a few uses, the microfiber pads came off.
Do not order. Arrived late and in a hot box.
For me this vitamin b2 was toxic
Not effective for me.
I cannot comment on this product at this time as I have not received the product as my first order was “LOST”. i am so disgusted with prime delivery as the last two orders I have made were not delivered and not in the time I was promised. I will not be renewing my membership in “Prime” delivery.
I received this product and the packaging inside was all opened and leaking everywhere. Completely rendered the product useless and worst yet, I can't return it! Don't waste your money!
Damaged product arrived from Bulletproof. Open coffee bean bag! Come on Bulletproof love you beans but open and no return policy? Now I am stuck with stale beans.
The first container worked however when I opened the second container the test strips were bad. I tried several and they would error code.
Found out too late that you can not return this item. I would not have purchased it. Does not seem fair and I am disappointed in Amazon for selling such an item.
This is the worst chin strap I ever purchased. It was stretched out within a week, making it absolutely worthless in keeping my mouth closed while I slept. It also left black all over my pillow case. I will never purchase this item again.
Complete fail. Did not help at all.
This would be very good but all of them are stale and unusable and old very disappointed i was so excited
I've had several of these batteries get corroded very quickly, ruining several items including the remote for one of my TVs. I don't believe the claim that they have a ten-year shelf life unless I got mine when they were in year nine. Definitely NOT recommended.
I purchased this because I lost my original power cord and it doesn't work and is ineligible for return!! Do not buy!!
You get what you pay for. Even fully charged has little power.
Did not keep a charge. Very poor quality. Sending back.
It hardly gets hot, I would call it lukewarm at best. I know everyone has different definition of it. But even my husband tried and his bar of heat is really low. He at best found it medium. Do not buy this if you are looking for something that gets really hot. And the worst part they do not take returns.
I would give this product zero stars. The measurements were all over the board. Showed a .08 several times even though I had nothing to drink. Also only gives 2 decimal places. I bought the pro-tec for 99 bucks. Well worth it and has 3 decimal places and will let you know when you have blown enough to record an accurate measurement. Just was on a jury for a dui case and think everyone who drinks should have one of these.
This product did not last past one day -one trip to work from the car to the entrance. If it gets used only indoors on a smooth surface or carpeting then it could possibly last, but going across cement or blacktop, will tear them up almost immediately...
Did not work at all. Have tried other pills that work but decided to try these due to price and reviews but these just did not work for me and the wifey. I will not be rebuying
Too tight if your feet are larger than size 7. In the trash and not worthy of the time to send back.
This was supposed to be a 2 pack and only 1 was in the package
Waste of money. This product was completely ineffective. I followed the directions and I was extremely dissatisfied with the lack of results.
If I could rate the seller a zero, I would. I ordered this for my business & was sent a box of grip clips twice.
I would caution anyone from purchasing this item which does not qualify for a return even if defective. The original manufacturer A&D Medical claim this product is not allowed to be sold to the public as it is made for the Veterans Association and that it had to be sold by a gray market re-seller. Heart Rate Monitors USA the re-seller as listed on the Amazon Website stated that any claims had to be handled by Amazon as it was fulfilled by Amazon under the FBA program and they could not assist. After 2 hours of chasing I was able to get in touch with customer service at Amazon who despite thier protests that the product did not qualify for return finally agreed to refund the amount paid after I had threatened to dispute payment on the credit card charge. Amazon was the only party willing to step up to the plate to sort it out. The rest of those involved were totally disinterested. Buyer beware that the Lifetime Warranty as offered on the box is not a warranty as it appears
While I love pampers swaddlers diapers the seller for these sent me an opened package of diapers with some missing. I had bought the pack of 88 and had it shipped to me while on vacation and it showed up with the packaging open and diapers missing. So I went and purchased some from the store instead because I don't know that those diapers are clean and safe.
Sucks doesn't work well
The juice itself was awesome - without that overwhelming citric acid taste that typically comes in aloe juice. Even so, I won't be purchasing this again due to the packaging. I saw in some of the reviews that the plastic container had pin holes that leaked near the bottom of the jug. I figured I would take my chances and found, unfortunately, that the same was happening to the jug I received. The jug was still mostly full as someone had wrapped plastic wrap tightly around the jug. It was slowing the leakage, but not entirely. When I removed the plastic wrap it really started to flow out. Fortunately I had some quart sized jars and poured the aloe juice into them. But, it made me wonder about potential contamination of the juice - - not knowing what may have been stored next to it during shipping. So sadly, I am still on the hunt for a good aloe juice.
Was supposed to be 3 bottles. Only received one. :(
I bought it thinking I can return or exchange if did not fit but apparently there is not an option for return
DO NOT buy, their selling expired product!!!. I want a refund now
Smells like an ashtray
I love the scent of lavender and I don't smell lavender at all here and the camomile makes me a bit nauseous. If you like the scent of camomile (and I have no idea what it smells like) then this is the refill for you. I will be trashing my refills and trying another one.
Didn't like this at all, it just doesn't fit right and hurts a bit at the armpits. Was a pain in the butt to put on too.
This says can be used in coffee, well you can if you enjoy clumped up chunks while your drinking. It didn't matter if I stirred or shook them either. They are really gross, and Id rather have my money back because this is a waist of $58 dollars if you ask me.
Had I known that these tasted like pure sugar in your mouth, I never would have bought them. And the fact that it takes 6 vitamins to make up a single dose is just two much. After taking only two I felt sick. I should have bought these somewhere that they could have been returned, they're going in the trash can.
Doesn't look anything like the picture and hardly moves
Don't buy this as substitute for Biosil. This is crap.
Let me state in the beginning that this product product probably does work. I got it as I know that this herb helps treat many things including inflammation, which is why I chose to try this product. I have chronic Lyme disease. My rating is simply based on how it interacted with me and my system as which natural products, it affects everyone differently. After taking it, for the next 12 hours or so I had a horrible headache that kept me home from going to a family funeral. We are talking.. dagger thru the eye kind of pain. After that came intestinal distress for a few hours afterwards. I noticed nothing beneficial from taking it when I did. I dont normally have reacts to things that I take, but there was nothing out of the ordinary on the day that I took this pill, so how I felt clearly came from it. Would I try it again? No def. not. Should others try it for their own needs? Sure, you might not have the reaction that I did. You wont know unless you try, just be aware of the potential side effects.
Elastics didn't hold the bottles
Save your money- a plastic bag with tape would do better. I bought this to keep my leg dry after knee replacement, since I couldn't swim for 6 weeks. Even though it fit tight, my leg got wet- a lot of water leaked in. Thank goodness I didn't try it with a cast! A garbage bag works much better:(
Within a week the printed days rubbed off. Needs to improve.
These don't work and they can dissolve when you mix them with hot or cold drinks. Waste of money.
Ordered the Poo Be Gone for work and this Family feud $2 card game is what I received. It's a scammer. No way to return or dispute. DO NOT ORDER THIS PRODUCT!
Not what I expected at all thin and tears easy
Can't review item because didn't receive it I received another thing and had to return it
I ordered two bottles of 120 softgels, but one bottle is less than 120. Both bottles are unopened and thought about replace the sort one, but found out it is not returnable. I don't know what kind of return policy is this, but it is not fair to consumers. You can have very restricted return or replace policy, such as unopened bottle 5 days after received, but “no return”?! Some reviews mentioned about quantity was not right, the number was less than labeled, I guess this happened to customers more than just couple of times. Buyers be care, count the pills in the bottle before you take them. I thought Puritan is highly rated manufacture but looks like cannot be trusted.
Lost support within 1 month of continuous use.
Charger cord snapped right in half
It was not Expected to be so cheaply made and butane who uses butane anymore but should a been electric I thought
The gelatin capsules are all struck together. I managed to pry only two capsules loose.
DONT BUY THIS. IT DOSENT FIT AND THEY WILL NOT ALLOW YOU TO RETURN THEM.
Bought it to replace an older wrist Cuff, Since it was a new Cuff and unfamiliar product line I took it with me to a VA Clinic Appointment. Comparing readings there the Wrist Cuff was off by about 20+ points. It may well be a good product but it does not give proper reading for my Use.
My package was not delivered to me
There are SHARP plastic pieces on the end. It actually broke the skin and made me bleed. Do not buy!
It doesn't do anything and it's annoying while wearing
The product is great, the shipping...not so much but Amazon immediately sent out a replacement
Fake priduct. There seems nothing in it except something like rice powder.
I broke out every where the tape touched my skin after being in place for only a few hours! Not much fun scratching my down there parts out in public!!!! My husband used the tape and he too broke out in a red rash all around where the tape was applied to his back. The tape would not stay attached to him so I used the extra patches they sent and they too would not stay on for more than 30 minutes before they too fell off!!
Worked for like a couple weeks then refused to work even w idk th new batteries. Sucked because I liked it
This is an awful device. It's hard and awkward. Also, I received an opened one that had a sand like substance all over in the package.
As many others have noted, there is something wrong with the product container. Went to take the cover off and the top comes off with it spilling all over my shoes and hands. Absolute mess and ruined the shoes. What a mess. I have another from the store which is correctly sealed and does not come off. Amazon take note!
Leaves a yucky taste in my mouth and the texture is creepy, sending them right back!
These worked great but only last 2 weeks. I wore through them on my heel very quickly! Do not buy.
I bought them in August and they expire in September 2019
I am not happy at all! The package was a mess! half of the shampoo was already out! It doesn't work on my hair!
I never received this product. I won't be buying from this person again
I was disappointed. I have worn this scent for almost 15 years and this was not it. The scent was very faint not what I was used too. I suspect it was diluted, it was disappointing.
Box of Lemon arrived open and missing a bar. Why? Can I trust remaining product to be fresh, safe... Other boxes look like they are old, have been mishandled. There does not seem to be a way to contact Amazon other than writing this review.
Used this product for leaks, no help at all . I would like a refund, but I guess it's too late. could someone from amazon try to help. I'v been in the hospital for a long time, or I would have returned them .
Just realized that what was sent was not Muscle Relief it was Breathe Relief. The bottle look exactly alike and its been to long to expect this to be corrected. Just hope they get this one right.
We were on the porch when our delivery driver pulled up and parked backwards in the street in front of he house and walked across our lawn and said nothing and gave me the package. Then he walked away again across our lawn and left. He was very rude and unprofessional and we are very disappointed in the service. He is representing amazon and could care less. Just thought you should know. Thanks
These snacks were so bad tasting. I was so disappointed. I ended up tossing all of them in the garbage.
I didn't feel any less hungry and still had cravings. It doesn't work for me.
Disappointed with these, not as described. Returned immediately.
This product causes a stinging sensation & doesn't lubricate well.
It came and did not work, tried to return it but Amazon said no. Sally
I plugged it in to see that it worked then a few weeks later it worked for 2 hrs then the next day it was blinking and stopped working altogether. Very disappointing defective product. Got my money back from Amazon.
I bought these before on Amazon, but these last two bottles came with the soft gels melted together in the bottle! :(
I never actually got to use my neti pot, because when it arrived my outer packaging from the facility was intact however the product box inside was completely damaged and partially opened. Once I took the Neti Pot out of this box the nose guard/nozzle tip was dirty and scuffed and had dirt and dust particles all over it! If this is the part that goes up my nose, why does it look like it's been under someone's shoe?? I already have sinus issues, don't need more bad bacteria up there! Sending back asap.
Ack! New recipe and formula! These are not the same as the older ones in the soft package. First, they've lost their antacid properties. Second, they taste absolutely awful. The old ones in the soft bag package tasted excellent and worked really well. After multiple late nights popping these in hopes of relief, I've realized the new taste honestly taste like road kill smells. It's truly revolting. I'm hoping they change back to their old formula quickly.
Bought this thinking it will block the light. I saw light coming in through the bottom. There are better options out there.
I'm disappointed because the first time my partner and I used this product it was fantastic. Then when charging it for the next time it wouldn't turn on at all. Don't know if I received a defective one but truly disappointed and would not recommend.
Looks awesome. Never arrived. Highly dissapointed.
Useless product. It's fake nothing happened as the manufacturer says. I want my money back.
product never arrived regardless of Amazon USPS notice. it said 1:30 pm delivery. i was home, n now it is 8:00 pm still no pkg delivery. 3rd time in a row. i will be cancelling Prime membership!
The box was broken into and only 4 bags of chips arrived.
Not comfortable and made lines on my legs... Not right. Wanted these for an overseas flight and they were NOT comfortable in the least....
Counterfeit looking product with a broken seal and leaking. Didn't feel safe using it and had to throw it away.
Saw several reviews with shipments arriving with opened bottles but figured that was the exception. Guess not. Mine arrived with one bottle broken and leaked all over all others
Minus one star. I purchased this product for my wife and is not working Not recommended, useless.
hard rim and too big.
Peaches ans cream is horrible. I just wasted 60 dollars as i can't even get it down. I was going to try coffee but dont know if i want to.
Gross taste... wish I could return. Chocolate is much better.
Did not receive. Also, did not hear a response when contacting seller.
The box contained 2 bottles of Detox and no fiber. Bad packaging
nails the come with the package keep breaking, not worth buying.
Delivered my extra small when ordered extra
I bought this in store at GNC and it tasted great. Bought this on Amazon and it tastes horrible. Almost like I got a bad batch.
Very little stroke!! Big too and it won't last for the price
Battery received didn't have much electricity/power. Replaced battery in my garage door opener in September and just 2 months now the opener is low in power again. The original battery that came with the opener lasted 5 years. Do not recommend this product
Seemed like a pretty pointless brace. It was just awkward and the cushion part wore out quickly making it extremely uncomfortable.
It's ok is tooooooo Small I did not like it I got Infection
Product was not sealed and leaked all over my other items in package. Lost about 4oz out of 12
I really like it but the sizes are to small to fit your cock and balls and too big/bulky for just the cock + it's very risky being a solid piece of steel without any alternative way to take it off when you're hard
Once I started using this, the individual lids started to snap and break off. Unfortunately it was past the return date or you can bet I would have returned this cheaply made product. Very disappointing.
The taste is horrible. I try to mix it with other things and my baby immediately knows that it's in the mixture and won't eat it.
This company did a switch-a-roo ... Pill isn't softgel anymore AND Ginkgo and Ginseng no longer present on ingredient list . Bummer
Is not effective at all. waste of money.
Do it buy from this company. You will never get your product. Contacted them 3 times and no response.
perfect size, the best protein, I have consume other brands and always got
Not worth the money. Bottles are fine but the rollers don't roll at all and fit very loosely in the top of the bottles so any amount of pressure makes them pop off and oil goes everywhere. I don't recommend buying.
Hard to tell if it works. The "other ingredients" citric acid hurts my esophagus making the product useless to me. It's ironic that they put this in when the esophagus is what their trying to protect with this product. Acid activates pepsin in the esophagus. Bought Gaviscon Double Action to replace this.
I recently purchased this with a couple other scents and the actual air wick essential mist . When I got all the scents and the product this scent was completely empty 😢
I bought this product last month. It says 120 soft gels. I only received 60. Instead of a two month supply, I only received a 1 month supply. The bottle always says they are soft gels. Not true. These are tablets, which smell putrid. I really gotta wonder if this is really ubiquinol.
I had to remove them as they were getting caught on too many things.
It doesn't work. My wife took three with no results.
Very disappointed difficulty hearing heart beat or taking blood pressure I would not recommend it
Scam!! Not a 6 pack. Why would I pay over $11 for 1 box?? Attached is the misleading photo and description. ALSO not eligible for return!!!
I couldn't use it, it burned my mouth. I use Health rangers turmeric now. It doesn't burn.
Having a granular shape
Very bad value. Wish I would have reviews to see what a bad deal this was!
The blade on this cutter doesn't seem to slice through the whole pill and ends up cutting unevenly. Wouldn't purchase again.
The materials/adhesive melts in a couple of days. Then the pad slides around and gets goo everywhere even on glasses that smears and is difficult to clean. Maybe these pads are only good for cold weather? Other than that its good though!
I've never leaked using tampons before trying this product. Now it happens every time. Using organic isn't worth if this is the outcome.
I always buy my daughter this milk because it is the only one she will drink. I thought this would be cheaper, but as a result it was way more pricey than if i had just bought it at the local store. Will not be purchasing again.
Recieved Black Cumin Seed oil capsules today, very disappointed they are all stuck together hard as a rock, won't re order.
Bad!!!! It broke after one use. Both, the pen and charge.
not at all what is advertised as pure 100% stevia. Horrible taste, aftertaste, can't use it! I'm comparing it to some actual 100% real stevia from Bolivia that is incredible!...you'll never want that teaspoon of sugar in your coffee again!! Very disappointed :-((
I never received this product that was ordered way back in August and today October 24th i finally get a refund. Very bad customer service. I definately will not use this company again. Who is in charge of this company?
Showed up completely smashed
The product does not look like the picture. It is huge, boxy...does not taper off at the back as shown in the photo. Unusable for me.
not comfortable at all
Took this for a week but felt like absolute crap on it. Upset stomach the entire time I was on it, felt queezy for the duration, and almost threw up twice at the gym while on this without other changes.
Causes diarrhea. I took the recommended dose of 1/2 teaspoon twice a day, got real loose. Cut it to 1/4 teaspoon once a day, still diarrhea. Don't think I'll take any more.
This is tiny. Seriously, like it barely fit the soap. And it's cheaply made. AVOID. Also, there is no handle, the bottom has no real way to stay put, and I could barely make a lather.
These taste gross. My 3 yr old refuses to eat them and my 7 yr old can't wait until they're gone.
They never sent me anything, scam
Product was shipped broken and used. I attached pictures for proof. Product was shipped with no protection inside the package. Buyers beware!!!
Condensates and leaks out the lid even with never dropping the bottle.
The first one broke into pieces and haven't tried the second one. I bought these to substitute the battery operated ones bc they don't last and batteries are so expensive.
Waste of money..it didn't give the effect I was expecting you'd be better off wetting down some rock salt and inhaling it
Does nothing - do not waist your money
Last time I ordered this from Amazon it was not protein powder. It tasted like wood pulp. I have been using this specific brand for may years. This was not egg protein. It didn't even taste like vanilla. I did some research and found that there are a lot of fake products being sold in legitimate looking containers on line. Will never by on line again.
I am not like this product. My new baby wearing a diaper every time leak a pee and wet a cloth. I am not recommend this product any more.
Terrible. Zero satisfaction. In fact, the opposite. It goes from zero sensation to “game over” pain, no matter the setting. The more you try, the more pain you will be in afterwards. I did a lot of research before buying and in the end relied heavily on reviews. Of course, you won't know what it's like until you try and once you do there are no returns. I seriously wonder if these reviews are fictional and paid for by the company. Total rip-off. Way over priced. Terrible experience.
Does not fit 8 gallon trash cans and does not give the option to return. Very dissapointed. Will only fit very small bathroom trash can.
Really bad conditions shipping box was broken also the product
No instructions, did not work out of the box. Non returnable.
I ordered These by accident instead of the Huggies I normally Purchase. These are terrible quality. I use Them for toiletry purposes and as makeup wipes. These are dry and they tear. They would not be wet enough to remove my mascara and they would thin and almost grow a hole as I was Using. Now I'm stuck with 400+ wipes that are useless
Slick....but no where near a GEL
Was very disappointed when I recieved my package, "knock off" batteries with Asian writing..will be returning & reporting seller.
It had solid, brown stuff build up at the top that didn't dissolve when shaking the bottle. This does not look safe or like a little residue. I would never give this to my children. Also, returns are not allowed for this item, so that was just a waste of money. Very disappointing and I will not buy Child Life again nor recommend them. Go with Gaia herbal products instead.
Does nothing but make your skin a little numb, don't waist your money just go to a doctor and get some real medication.
Hard and doesn't offer the that much support
I haven't actually tried this but I received it and NO where on the nutrition facts does it actually state what kind of fiber is used and what prebiotics are in there. I'm sorry but I'm not consuming something when I don't even know what it's made of. Returning!
Roller is absolute garbage and doesn't do what it is suppose too, i've had multiple rollers before and this one is just bad.
Came missing the card, the funnel, and the loader. Sent a message back to send me the correct stuff. They sent me a package with all things included. But now they are asking me to send back the first package which just had the papers. Dont know how to message seller but I'll remove review once I hear back.
Does not work well. It seems cheaply made.
After 2 weeks of taking this and no changes at all, i agree with others here that this is probably a knock off. Ive taking other boosters for years and this one does nothing, total dud.
They sent the wrong ones. Amazon took them back
I did not get what i ordered and they won't return
I only received one chapstick! Where is the other 11 chapsticks.
lame if you ask me, seems like it should say that somewhere on the page. I bought this thinking it was the chewable version and when I went to return it said I couldnt. You may want to mention that upfront. Luckily amazon was cool about it. But my local grocery store lets me return opened products like this, i dont see why these people cant, esp. since theres no mention like I say.
I tried this wax as something new to use on my face, and I do not recommend it. I have been waxing myself for a while, so I'm pretty familiar with using wax and strips. This wax will not stick to the strip fully like it's supposed to, so when I go to pull it off my face, it comes off slowly as the wax separates- some sticks to the strip and the rest stays on my face. It's a pain, and not nearly as nice to use as other brands. Not a recommendation from me.
Purchased these and love the look, however when I did multiple online tests to check how effective the glasses are I found out that they don't actually block much Blue Light. I would suggest going with a different brand of glasses. Not worth buying these unless you just want to look stylish.
Terrible. Doesn't last 5 minutes on your lips. Doesn't moisturize neither. Terrible. A waste of money.
Product damaged in transit. Top of one can broken and powder spilled over other two and into packaging.
Arrived broken. Very disappointed.
The one that they sent me was really small it was not the 8 gallon
Volume was too low to be effective!
I could not even unfold this walker, the instructions were impossible, the return process was difficult as the co. really didn't want to refund . In the end the co. did approve a return and refund. Would not recommend this walker though it appears to be solid and heavy.I would not recommend this walker fo ny person who wants to live independently.
Not for me. That being said, many products dont agree with my stomach
Super annoyed that the package came smashed. I was hoping I would get normal Amazon service, and I was disappointed to open the BAG it came in and see a smashed and open box.
Doesn't work at all!!! Waste of your money.
I was really upset to receive these in a box that states what they are, and opened at the top. Why not put them in another box?
might be nice but you probably will never know because they will never arrive
Smells like it's catching on fire. This was my second one and after 3 months they both started smelling like something is on fire.
Although the product takes care of sweating on your underarms, it leaves a dark stain on your arm pits. I've always had perfectly clean armpits and now it looks horrible. I'm throwing it out and will not buy or recommend this product to anyone.
Disgusting. Blue Lemonade tastes exactly like when you vomit a little in the back of your throat. This is he flavor profile: vomit and bile taste! I think I'm going to return it.
I had been buying pampers cruisers from Amazon for my daughter for over a year and loved them. The last box I ordered suddenly seemed like a new product: no more Sesame Street characters (now they are generic) and the thickness of the diaper is reduced by at least 50%! I used to use cruisers for overnights as well as daytime but this new line of diapers are so thin and completely useless in terms of absorbency. Sure, they're still soft, but quality has dropped so far that they are a totally different diaper compared to the old Sesame Street ones. I won't be buying these again.
Item being returned 2nd time; original returned product was received AGAIN; presumably problem-fixed, but before 1 day's use completed, device began giving false and multiple readings. So returning the 2nd time. not reliable..
No good at all. Did not stick.
You can help me by sending a missing commercial invoice the product has been withheld in Miami for lack of the invoice Thank you
Bottle was broken during shipping.never got to try.
Arrived broken. Sending back.
I have several other lip balms from Treat and the Carmel Apple has a very faint smell compared to the others. Taste certainly isn't there either. Not happy with this flavor at all
It was not delivered
hard as a rock, suction cup was messed up in two places so it barely suctions to anything. and the bottom and part of the bottom shaft looks like someone took a heated fork head to it and scraped it? wtf? at least it does not stink
These do not work for ear candling. The end comes apart and nothing is hardly cleaned out. Will not buy again and need to throw out whole package ☹️
Did not work for me.
Thought it tasted horrible
I ordered this because I wanted a larger piece than the Dr. Scholl's moleskin we have currently. Not very happy when I received it, as it is probably 1/3 as thick as the stuff we already have and pretty useless. Was expecting to be the same thickness. The dimensions did not include that information, and I never thought it might be thinner. Thickness should be included in the description, if it's different than other products.
Didn't like the after taste
Trouble breathing a few hours after taking this supplement. Couldn't figure out what it was for weeks until I stopped. It says dairy free, I have a dairy allergy, same symptoms, not sure if it's related.
Just got delivered and when I open it the powder was clumped up as if it's been sitting on a shelf for years can't even use. This is the second time I've ordered this product and it has been delivered this way I am completely done
Not comfortable at all
I am very disappointed. This product has a strong orange taste, which was not at all clear in the advertisement. I needed taste-free. I suppose it's fine if you want orange.
item was not received
i bought two. neither one worked!
made me sick, returned for refund
This product is mislabeled. It is a hybrid not silicone
If you're looking for a digital readout do not waste your time if you're looking to get ripped off and buy a plastic product wrapped in electrical tape by all means you found exactly what you're looking for. now for a two-week wait waiting to get a product that actually works and is not taped together.
Not happy with the item
It doesn't work like a diffuser. It is a air freshener.
Makes me breakout in hives too!!! OMG!!! No way to return! If I could return, I'd 5 star just for that reason.
Horrible product. Does NOT adhere.
The M size is too small and does not fit. I will be ordering an L size.
I really wanted to love this but it's not moisturizing. In fact, it feels like it sucks more moisture out of my skin.
The item that i bought come used. The box was all messed up and i could see sign of use on it. The item was listed as new.
I received this product and the box was opened and the product itself didn't work. I've bought this exact vibrator in the past and it was one of my favorites so i decided to get another one while working out of state. I put batteries in and turned it on the same way i would my other one. It first started but the up and down buttons to adjust the vibration and thrusting speeds didn't work. It was stuck on one speed for both. I took it out again today and the thrusting doesn't work now either. I've had this product for exactly one day and it's already busted. I've had my other vibrator (same exact one) for 2 years and it works fine. Not happy at all
I took one pill in the morning and did not notice anything. The directions recommend 2 pills so I took another one, within 30 mins. I felt sluggish and started to get a headache. I usually go to bed at 11:00 to 12:00 pm. I couldn't keep my eyes open past 9:00 pm. and my head was hurting the headache lasted for 2 days. This did not suit my body chemistry.
I did have a high expectation for this and not quite sure if it's the product or just what I received was bad. One reviewer posted a pic of clumpy dirt looking pre workout. Well that's exactly what I had received as well. In ten years of drinking every kind of pre this is a first. No thanks.
This supplier sent a different product twice Cheap red box I don't believe it was a legit product returned it both times UPS picked it up Friday Still no refund Ordered from another supplier Got the right product in correct packaging
Terrible flavor and really hard
I returned it - it was awful: tastes like night and does nothing to you.
I used this to help with inflammation for sinuses and after using for two months I saw no changes. It works for others so use all the reviews to make decisions about this. Product smells awful in the bottle.
I've tried this a few times on my left ear and it has done absolutely nothing! I was excited to get these with the hopes of clearing my hearing issue up and I'm very disappointed. DO NOT BUY! YOU HAVE A BETTER CHANCE OF GOING TO A DOCTOR.
Will not hold a charge. Damaged my USB multi-plug. Only had one other thing plugged in ..... a mouse! Although I imagine a lot of people buy this item for personal reasons, I actually wanted this to help with a specific pain in my back caused by 2 bone spurs affecting my muscles/nerve endings. It was small enough and flat enough that I could use it while sitting in my recliner with the hope of reducing my medication. Everything I seem to see these days sticks out 2-3 inches from the base. I had high hopes with this one, but was very disappointed.
It fell apart in less then a month.
It' does not work properly . And I've to keep charging it for hours and doesn't even work for 15 mins
i got this with high hopes of it helping my kids sleep. Our old sound machine had died and we needed a new one quickly. It has great reviews and we loved it for the whole 4 months it turned on. I put the machine on the kids dresser and it has not moved. I literally have to dust around it because we all know we need it for the kids to sleep. It started by only glitching once in a while and now it will not turn on. No matter the plug in or cord I use. 4 months is ridiculously short and I can not believe that I have to buy yet another sound machine. :(
This flavor is very grassy and bitter, go with the chocolate mocha.
The slowest shipper ever. I ordered One small battery. Haven't received my item. It's been 2 weeks. Terrible service.
I don't see what all the great reveiws are about. Just as bitter as stevia and it does have an aftertaste. Just goes to show everyone is different. Stevia is cheaper and taste better to me.
Received the complete wrong item. This is a set of 6 different essential oils and I only received one bigger bottle a shown in the picture I attached.
Worked great for a two weeks then stopped working. Also bought extended warranty but I never received it so I have not been able to return or have fixed. I am very disappointed. I am disabled and I thought Amazon would be a safe and easy way to purchase. It has been almost a year and I still trying to reach someone to deal with this.
I never received my Shaklee Vita Lea. Did not get delivered to my resident:-( Very disappointed. Hopefully the company will fix this issue.
I have tried ordering the flavor fruit punch and both times have been sent the orange flavor. Now I have 2 boxes of orange flavor. Was willing to let it go after the first order but now I want a refund and the correct flavor sent to me. Very frustrating.
Stopped working only 4 months after i bought it, it was great at first but then it just started giving random numbers. waste of money.
It is not safe as a walking device it is more like an indoor wagon except you push it!
This item is a piece of crap!
When I received the product I found a notice stating it contained cancer causing material. There was no mention of this on the product description when I purchased the product. Needless to say I returned it.
it is too heavy for my shoulder and I need to return it.
I didn't notice any results and seller was open not safe
Did not feel anything but headaches.
There is only one stocking in the package and no where on the website does it say that...it says I ordered stockingS...meaning 2, one for each foot!
Didn't work! Applied like video said and still leaked. Bought for swim part and Cast got soaked. Having to get a new cast. Waste of miney
I've bought this three times now the first two the wire had to be held in a specific position and this most recent one didn't even work several times it was often just clicking the power button frequently until it would turn on kind of like a lighter that's almost out of lighter fluid I got so frustrated with it I broke it in half definitely will not be purchasing a fourth time not worth the money
Not even comparable with the original Swiffer pads. Cheap and tears off in one use
Gave me bad gas pain & multiple trips to the bowl. Hoping they honor money back guarantee since amazon won't let me return
So disappointed, these are super thin and dont really provide any compression. The measurements say 26 inches and barely fit 23 inches. They also dont stretch well and become very thin when stretched out.
Was supposed to get 5 total boxes and only got one!
Wasting of money. Dont do the job. Got read of it after one time use.
I received the powder with no seal and a missing scooper. This leads me to believe that it was pre-opened and some scoops removed? I am not sure but it feels dangerous to use since there is not a factory seal. Will not be buying from this seller again.
Ordered a XL product runs very small
Not effective. Money back guarantee cannot be processed through AMAZON, no link available.
Never received the product!
Very thin and to large
Every negative review is accurate! Doesn't charge right, doesn't sync right, won't connect, readings are off. Honestly not sure why I still went ahead and purchased after reading these. I saw a lot of online reviews and people using them and thought it couldn't be that bad. But it was. I've never been this frustrated with a tech product than I was with this. No support and terrible software.
Does't adjust jaw. Plastic on inside of mouthpiece much too large cuts into gums and cannot be worn.
Product came clumpy please fix
Disappointed with product
Didn't work for me. Followed all the instructions, nothing.. I threw it away!
The original styling of these bags were fantastic. They were nice and thick and controlled the smell. The new ones are SUPER CHEAP! They are half as thick as they used to be. I rip about 90 percent of the bags now when I take out the trash, And like everyone said they are definitely scented. The only good thing is I have to double bag them, which means I'll be done with them twice as fast.
Worked really great for 3 month then it completely stopped working. Very disappointed
Didn't work at all! Wasn't worth it.
This had never happened before with White Cloud....how disappointing.
I've used the product before and really like it. I gave this only one star because it never made it to me. Said it was lost in the mail.
Broke after a month of having it, the light comes on but the blade doesn't work, definitely avoid. Tried replacing the battery many times, still doesn't work
Waste of money. Did absolutely nothing.
This thing is a crock. It barely worked and it broke after 2 weeks of use! Don't waste your money I'm returning it.
Noticed no difference at all.
Batteries came dead....do not buy from this supplier & there no return...Smfh
Went dead two months after purchase.
I love rosemary EO, this says it's 100% pure but it certainly doesn't smell like it. It smells very watered down. So disappointed
I did receive the package on time; however, I only received one and I ordered two packs. I can't find information on how to contact the seller to have the second pack shipped or a refund issued for the missing package of tissue paper.
This product did not come with a power supply uses a USB power supply. The cable going from the USB power supply to the neck pillow is very small and has a special end that attaches to the neck pillow. I can really see how this cable would not last very long and because it has a special end on it would be extremely hard to replace as it is not a standard cable. I am returning this to Amazon. I am giving it one star only because I don't know how to give it less.
It made my stomach bloating worth. The company does not trust their own product either because they dont let you to return it. Waste of money. Dont buy from this company because the product is stuck with you.
This product is not right. It is a different color than the original, has a bad smell and I refuse to consume it. Do not order from this supplier!!!!!!
So disappointed to see that it's not 100% magnesium glycinate but the 400 mg of magnesium is a mixture of mag oxide and mag glycinate with mag oxide being first ingredient.
I had terrible reaction to this . Itching red scars . Tapes made it worse. Removal is painful.
Doesn't fit well. Keeps sliding down
Received used needle clipper. No return policy*
While I love the pampers easy ups, and getting them from amazon normally saves me money, the fact that this seller (and amazon) advertised this items as being available for next day delivery and IT DOESNT SHOW UP and nothing is done is ridiculous. My delivery was supposed to be today, but amazon is now telling me it won't be here until Saturday. So if I'm doing math correctly, the order is placed on Wednesday, with a NEXT DAY DELIVERY STATUS( which is today/Thursday) but the item isn't being delivered until SATURDAY (that's clearly not next day) there's at least 3 days that pass in between... that's not even the normal prime 2 day delivery...
Only a one star because you can't give a product a zero star rating. I will start by saying I waited 4 days after my last shave before I decided to try this product. The packaging said it was the #1 hair removal product so I had some confidence this would work. I applied it to my leg first and waited a couple minutes to test the area. It washed off fine but there was still some hair. I applied nair to threat of my leg and waited seven minutes, but there was still hair when I removed it so I moved on. I applied nair to my armpit area and I was watching the time. After about a minute I started to feel a burn in my armpit. I washed off the nair with cool water and the burning didn't stop. Now my armpit is red and it burns. Nothing is making the burning stop. I do not reccomend this product because not only does it not work, it also causes a great deal of pain with use.
Did it daily and i still have cellulite... and bruises.
The pictures are not the same as the item that I recieved. Diffuser is WAY SMALLER than described. Wish I could return, but I already tore the package up. Disappointed.
This product is not the same as described or photo. It is not a refill or replacement sponge seeing as you can not attach it to anything. It literally is just a soap sponge since there is no white attachment piece. Feeling ripped off....
I bought this for my daughter and it would not sync to a device. The lights flash when you first set it up but then it never turns on or syncs. We called FitBit support and they confirmed something was wrong with the product, and offered to send us a replacement. The replacement was a different type of fitbit, bigger and clunkier and had the same issue. Upon doing some research online, the software version has known issues that do exactly what mine are. Now the return window has closed and I am stuck with 2 useless fitbits that no one can use. Super disappointed, don;t waste your $70.
Heads up, I'm pretty sure this product was discontinued by Optimum Nutrition. I received one box that was fresh, but the next one was clearly old, discolored, and all dried out. Oddly enough, it wasn't expired yet but would be in a month. Amazon kept replacing the box free of charge, but I kept getting more and more damaged product. Received a full refund, but can't recommend anyone buy this flavor (birthday cake) specifically.
These boxes were all wet and squished and had been resealed. I don't like wet nasty packages of anything.
Used in a bluetooth stereo remote. I have had to change these every other day with minimal use. I thought the remote was broken and contacted the company. They suggested a different brand batter before starting a return. (kind of embarrassed I didn't think of that also) New battery lasted weeks so far and still going. A two pack for the same price would have been a WAY better deal for me not to mention less frustrating. Save yourself. I have no idea who so many rated so high.
These bags clearly have a scent to them, which burns my nasal passages & makes me cough. My guess is that trash bag companies may be adding chemical pesticides to their bags to deter insects & that could be laced w/ a scent to mask the chemical smell. Perhaps the manufacturer would care to respond to my comment.
I purchased this last year and it is out of warranty. The plastic connectors to the support (legs) broke away from the seat and the bench collapsed in my shower. I fell flat on the floor of the shower with the remains of the seat and legs under me. Fortunately I don't think I was hurt badly but I am elderly and it took nearly 40 minutes to get up. Plastic stress? I don't know but it was a frightening experience.
Order from july 13th and there are foreign objects all over in the protein powder I received.
I never got it! Waiting for 2 months now!
This thing is junk it started leaking after two months,,, I had to throw it out and I emailed the company the wanted me to ship it back to them so they could repair at a cost to me !! Horrible customer service not willing to do anything for the customer just like throwing 60 bucks in the garbage,,, don't buy save your money
Not sure why they took away the reviews but just read the fine print: women who are pregnant or breastfeeding should not use this product. I was curious as to why so I contacted the manufacturer but they just said it could be harmful. My one star will stay until I finally get to test it out.
Do not buy. This product barely gets luke warm, let alone hot. This product does not work!
My mom has been preaching to me about pro & pre biotics forever. The video from the doctor made sense, but let me say, I can not get past the horrific taste. It totally tasted like I was drinking concrete. Not to mention it does not mix well. I put it in a bottle of water & about shook my arm out of the socket to get it to mix. Still large chunks were left. I even tried mixing it in a nutribullet just to see what would happen. Not much better results. So I honestly can not tell you if the product works or not.
I ordered a 250 ml but the item I received was a 100 ml bottle.
It's good for electrolytes but hard to get it down. It will not completely dissolve. There is always a mixture in the bottom and is grainy when you try to swollow. I have shaken it until it looks mixed and it still won't dissolve. I shake it every time I take a sip of it. It still won't dissolve completely.
Can't rate what I didn't receive...
Didn't help my SIBO symptoms despite taking it a month. No evidence it did anything.
The plastic is jagged and very cheaply made. The tips do not do anything to give a clean feeling in the ear canal. The tips do not even touch the ear canal walls. Do not waste your money.
This is the second time I've ordered the flavor Sour Gummy Worms and they keep sending me Passion Berry. Two thumbs down!
Good luck sleeping with this garbage on your face. The nose vent is so annoying you won't be able to fall asleep with it on and the head band captures so much heat, you'll start sweating after a minute of having it on.
awkward fitting as well.
Never received my package and never heard back from the seller. Did not receive a refund. Do not buy from them!
I ordered thus almost two weeks ago and not received it yet. Look at your local stores and skip ordering this item on Amazon. I would give it no stars but it won't let me.
I received item and it appears seal was broken and the bottle alll leaked out. It's completly EMPTY. I attached photo to show water drops on packaging
I bought these for my husband who was looking for a portable meal/snack to get him through his long day. We figured he could try all the varieties and figure out which ones he liked best. I tried them, too. We hated them all equally. That said, I like the Think Thin bars and the Kind bars.
I didn't get what I ordered. I ordered the LV-GB Complex & got the Twice Daily Multi with no return allowed. Very disappointed since I've had a subscription for this for 6 months
I used this thing a ha soul of times (less than 15) and it doesn't work anymore. The on/off button seems to be jammed, and it has turned into a mold and mildew chia pet in my shower. I am incredibly disappointed.
I too thought that I was ordering briefs, not flat diapers. I spent an hour trying to put it on, and still have not found out how to use them. Good thing that I had a package of briefs left.
Tried using small amount of shampoo, we have soft water & hours after shampoo & conditioner, my scalp developed hard buildup. Too late to return, I try to use twice a week . And have the same problems. Not sure why. Doterra essential oils best on the market
My product was spilled when I opened the Amazon Box.
I generally love this brand of jojoba oil and this would have been my third bottle, but it is completely unusable. After I used it several times I realized that it has a very strong odor of bonfire/ smoke and leaves my skin smelling that way for hours. My friend noticed the smell 8 hours after I used it the first time, but I couldn't figure out why I would smell of bonfire until I was putting this on the next morning and realized my hands reeked of it, then smelled the oil...bingo! This is definitely not what I was going for when I ordered it as it is supposed to be fragrance free. Every other bottle of this brand and others I have used for work has been odorless and I have used jojoba oil for years. As I was still using up the last of my old bottle when I received this, I did not realize this in time and now my return window has passed, so I am stuck with a large bottle of oil that I cannot use. Needless to say I am very disappointed and would definitely not order this again.
I wish I could leave a good review but the fact is that I never received both orders after ordering it.... I received 2 seat cushions instead..... what funny is that the warehouse was aware of the situation before I received the order because I was sent an email stating there was an error I the order but have yet to fix this problem.... why!!!! There goes your picture amazon. I received TWO SEAT CUSHIONS NOT 1 LUMBAR CUSHION AND 1 SEAT CUSHION. Very disappointed and tired of waiting. The company stated amazon is investigating, so to help you guys out in clearing things up with a picture proof of what you sent me. I'm still waiting for you guys to fix this problem!!! I still have hope on leaving a good review after this situation gets settled.
Tubing at pillow immediately popped off under pressure ... 7 days past return policy!
Never received product
Product is not effective. I would like a refund, but can find a link to contact Seller.
These people are crooked and they steal your money and you can't get it back
No exterior protective packaging. Product came partially opened due to flimsy box. Damp as well. How much would it have cost for them to put some brown paper around it rather than just slapping a mailing sticker on the red and black displaying box? Haven't used the product yet to determine quality of the warmer itself.
this was not sent in my shipment
I received the package in good condition. I was only able to take my blood pressure about four times. It just said error after trying to hold my hand in position and still for over a minute it would still read error
This is not organic or natural. It has sodium fluoride.
I never got this month's supply. Amazon delivered it in the wrong address and they haven't answered me yet about it. I need this to treat my post partum depression.
If you purchase Jarrow formulas through their website they will issue a return. If you purchase it through jarrow on amazon you are not eligible for a return. I will no longer be purchasing any of their products since so many other/better supplement companies offer a better return policy. Dont waste your money!
Product smells nice but doesn't last.
the legs bolded this is not a good chair order this may cant use it any moor
After using one time the leads do not work.
To expensive for the item. Other items can do a better job for half the prices. Feels and looks cheeply made. Sorry but that's how I see the item!
Seemed like a great little machine. There is too much room for user error. The box advertises less than one minute for results, however each time I tried it, it took longer than that, not to mention more times than not, I got an error reading. You have to be sitting in just the right position, the cuff has to be on your left hand and you have to hold your hand up at the level of your heart. Take into consideration that BP will be lower on wrist as opposed to upper arm with traditional cuffs. This is important to note when tracking trends. I am returning this product and don't recommend it.
Received empty tube ;(
Totally disliked would love to be able to return.
It has no power and it does not have different levels as described. I am very unsatisfied and I had no idea it was not returnable.
hello? what is i'm receiving? is it what i'm ordered? totally different!
I didn't like it... heating pack doesn't stay up...and there's no Insert to hold it
I purchased this to help with sleep issues and it ended up making it worse. This stuff is not well made. The pills inside the bottle were all burst open with powder everywhere and the cap wasn't even sealed properly. I wont be buying anymore life extension products.
Useless. Go to see a doctor if you need.
One of the pair of readers had a thicker lens in one eye.
It worked wonderfully for mabey 2 weeks or so and now the button you press to make the flame start doesnt work st all. It doesn't even make the distinct clicking noise when you press it. Awesome idea but horrible execution. Do not waste your time or money. I never ever leave reviews but I figured I needed to on this one. Now I have to use a lighter to light my bowl when smoking. It was great when it was just a one handed deal. Now I use both hands bc it doesnt work. Too bad this company doesn't refund for defective products.
Not a good insole. Very narrow and super hard on heel. Also not eligible for return. Would not buy this again. I'm stuck with an unusable Product.
Used on Merrill hiking boots - mixed leather and synthetic. Ineffective.
I recently ordered some Kleenex from Amazon and when I opened the packaging, the boxes were damaged and opened!! Very unprofessional and very disappointed with the outcome of my order.
I bought these capsules because of their size and price. I'm very dissatisfied with them because they leak with my essential oils! I was using a different brand, that were size 00, that didn't leak, even after 4 weeks. I wanted to use smaller capsules but these leak in minutes.
My mom wanted this brush, as she liked the idea of wood over plastic. After her first use on her bathroom counter the wood cracked through from the bristles to the handle in 2 places. She is a petite 84 year old, so it wasn't that she used too much force! Don't waste your money.
I mixed helichrysum oil with jojoba oil and rubbed it on my skin before retiring for the day. The following morning, i had burns on the application spots. I had to apply medication to treat those areas.
Maybe I just got a lemon, but the one I purchased as a gift never even worked, and they don't do refunds! Buy another unit as this vendor does not do refunds on lemons. Cheap or not, you should replace a lemon. *As of writing this review, I have contacted amazon for issue resolution since this was purchased 20 days ago.
The motor is so weak you cant even feel the air coming out. Useless for people with actual issues. Wasted money
Hello, I actually purchased 2 of these items, but only received 1 and a Xlear Nasal Spray that I didn't order. I believe all of this was fulfilled through Amazon. However, I am unsure how to get what I need exactly. There doesn't seem to be an option to ask for what I want and also return an item I got but didn't want in the help section. Could someone please tell me the best way to rectify this situation via Amazon?
this product came to me two days late and it was completely melted.I was very excited to get this but very disappointed when opened the box.
Anything but chocolate tastes terrible.
Not sure what happened to this product. Been using it for a couple years and now tastes something like water that say years in a hot warehouse.
Stopped working after 4 days! Up until then I loved it so much.
Antibacterial mouth piece was delivered. No rolling paper. Rip off.
Received broken! One of them didn't work at all. Amazon sent a second set and that set didn't work either. Very disappointing! Will not order again.
These are fine, and easy to use - BUT … being Duracell I thought they would last longer - no they don't. I'm going back to the cheaper ones. Also, the case is larger. I prefer the smaller, compact case of the cheaper batteries - not these. There is no reason to purchase these over the less expensive ones.
Simple parts order was as expensive as purchase ! The mouthpiece filter is very difficult to clean and rubber components are poor quality ! Initial ease of use Outweighed by low quality components and poor cleaning instrutions !
Not comfortable to sit on.
Literally stopped working after 10 days. But when it was working correctly, it was very nice and helped my sore shoulder/arm and i used it daily. I never slept with it or used it around water (not sure how you'd do that anyway) and used it correctly. I loved it actually but now i'm going to have to buy a different one (sorry, I can't recommend this one). I don't think i've ever had anything quit working after 10 days, come to think of it. Wow, guess you really do get what you pay for.
Way overpriced for what it is. Dropped it once on carpet and it broke.
No English directions, no suction, not a high quality product.
This sponge is not soft at all. And started falling apart on first use.
Product was not at all as pictured. Also it is a LOT smaller than I thought it would've been. If I'm paying this much I expected it to be bigger. (After this I bought a better one off ebay for less money.) I probably would have given a better rating if I was led to believe this is what the product looked like. It works for me, however it does feel like it overheats very easily. I am currently trying to return the item but I have gotten no response from neither Amazon nor the seller. (I purchased this 4 days ago.)
next time I will pay extra for the better brands. these are noticably cheaper for only a small savings. the capsules crushed when I made compressed them with my capsule making machine .. the bag they came in is limp... other brands are better all around.
This has a auto ship plan I didn't choose. My thoughts were to buy it once to try, well I was enrolled for auto delivery that I can't seem to stop so now I get a package of oil once a month and unless I get my credit card company involved I cannot cancel the subscription I did not sign up for.
DOES NOT WORK AND NOW I CANT RETURN IT
sure wish that this product work like it says, I did not get anything from it.
This is an item that shatters the rule of "you get what you pay for" Cheap plastic toy glasses for $30. No thanks. Optics were terrible. Set a new record for returning time.
I hear this stuff is great but it seems I'll never know. I've ordered it twice and twice it's shown up broken! Sooooo disappointed !!!!!!
This took over two weeks to arrive. Absolutely ridiculous. No sense in paying for Prime. Items never arrive on time.
My mom had back surgery and she didn't want someone else wiping her bum, so gave this a try. It did NOT work. It scratched her and when I contacted the seller about product issues, I was told too bad, no returns, no refunds. Bad product, bad customer service.
Bought these to replace in my smoke detectors. Two weeks after installing 2 of the batteries died.
SEE UPDATE RE 1 STAR RATING BELOW: Initial rating was 5 stars: Great value for the price. I stamped on these with ink and the image didn't bleed. UPDATED RATING (based on a second 200 pk order): the first pack had nice quality seams and thicker material, so I bought another 200. Every bag in the recent order has had a terrible sewing job. EVERY BAG. The material is also noticeably thinner...The ink goes right through to the back. The first ones looked so high quality and I can't even use these.
This expensive product has not helped me and I want a refund!
I like the clearly labeled and color coded boxes. I did NOT like that it takes a crowbar to get them open. Day 1 Thursday PM didn't open. I figured giving it a little while and it would work in. Now a couple of weeks later Wednesday morning won't open without a knife either and Thursday PM still won't open without help.
I feel that I had a bate and switch was done on me to purchase this product in the continuous order process. nuun's original Lemon+Lime product was great, but for whatever reason they felt impelled to change the product. You will see in the image where the marketing group placed a before and after image of their older product and then new product. The original product I looked forward to consuming but this new product has a totally different taste that I am having a hard time drinking. The bate and switch was done when they sent me the original the first time I used it and then when I order in a monthly rotation they stared sending me the new version which I do not like.
What is the point of sending the tools if it doesn't fit? The tip of the tool is too big to do anything. Waste of money.
I just started using this and the dropper will maybe put a smidgen of oil in it. I have tried everything to get a full dropper full but it only gives a smidgen. I bought a different kind before this one and it worked fine. I will never buy another one from you again. Sharon
Very poor accuracy. Off by 2 degrees compare to rectal. ALWAYS READS LOW
Please don't tell me this is the new raspberry flavor this is the 3rd time they've changed it and this one is so gross compared to the other red raspberry don't change it if it's not broken. So bummed gonna have to find a new electrolyte water I've been using this for years and drink it more than water so disappointed. Wtf ultima replenisher 🤦🏼‍♀️
Still waiting on my order.
The colors of this products looked nice until i used it. When i was using this on my client it was disgusting. It is foamy, not even the color that is looks like in the bottle. Example.. I used the hot pink color and when i applyed it, the color came out to be a foamy whiteish pink. NASTY
Pillow did more damage to my neck and back. Save your money.
Low quality comparing to the old one with green box.
I saw the results that other women were getting. I wanted to detox my yoni, but the key I think is you have to have your uterus, I don't.i chose to do one every 24 hours for three days. Because I didn't get the e-book nor did I get a applicator. Day one was fine, no pain, no cramping, day two it was very difficult to get the pearl in there, because my yoni was so tight, I left it there for the first 12 hours, then I remove it. Because for me I don't think I will purge anything. I wait for the the next 2 or 3 days to make sure everything turns back to normal and pray that I don't get some type of infection. I can't even get a finger in there it's so tight. I tried to rinse my yoni out with warm water, which was very difficult. They are not for me. I think they will work for other women with all there parts, it's just not for me.
The safety seal was broken and several vitamin gummies are missing ... what am I supposed to do with the rest of these? And I can't return a damaged item?!?!? What is going on with Amazon. This is nothing more than thievery!!
I'm sure that this works for some people. It has made me sick on both occasions taking it so I'm not sure if it works. I am concerned with the purity. It was a good deal for the price even though it was a $26 loss for me.
Loses charge quickly, how annoying. Didn't, doesn't, won't work. Going back to the old faithful "Rabbit". Returning and going to the gym to work out some of the frustration. Hahaha.
product did not show up, seller was nonresponsive
I took this product for a week and almost immediately started having trouble sleeping. As soon as I stopped taking it my sleep went back to normal.
I bought this products 2 months ago , I didn't received yet !!'
Very disappointed. Too thick, and not very good at cleaning.
I do not like giving a negative review but I honestly don't have too many positive things to say about this product. I have used another organic stevia powder and was always pleased with it but decided to try this one when I ran out. This stevia powder doesn't dissolve well at all and takes more to sweeten my beverages plus leaves a bitter after taste. I tried using less but that didn't help either and still can not get this stevia to dissolve easily. I hate wasting money so I would stop using it but I will stick it out until this bag is finished and order my old product form here on out. I hope I just received a bad batch and that this brand of stevia is normally more impressive...
Returned it straight away.
I hate this item. This company put a big product which was wrapped with plastic paper by machine into a different shape box. How can any customer put it back into the box by hands when they want to return it? I felt the company forces their customers to not return their products because of the ridiculous boxes.
The top didn't do as it should. One bottle barely lasted a month, and i usually do 15-20 at most loads a month, before I realized what was going on. Total waste of money and disappointment. I love this brand, love the scent, but feel swindled.
Still have not seen my credit for this awful product. Does not work!!
The box I just received in mail was expired. I almost gave it to my baby but noticed as I was about to open a packet.
I've tried other proteins before but heard good things about Optimum Nutrition. I have their cake donut a shot and it was horrible it sounds good but tastes like nothing. It's pretty flavorless which makes it hard to drink. Out of every protein I've purchased this is my least favorite.
We are all different. I have been taking it for 2 months and it has not worked for my Estroven Weight Management. There was no improvement even with hot flashes and weight control
I plugged the item in and a red light came on. I assumed it was charging and left it to do its thing came back a while later and nothing. Would not work.
I used this product for a month without seeing any results. I suspect, like most "alternative medicine," this is an alternative to something that works or a problem with no solutions. It's expensive and worthless.
OMG! I thought this coming with a basket but it's just cellophane wrap and stickers. I don't believe that I waste my time with this.
Item not as described. Not satisfied with purchase. Wish there was a lower rating.
not as pictured. was only the case
Color is dark green instead of light pink. And powder is glued together into a large conglomerate. See enclosed photo. Don't know what's in there.
What a mess. The product leaked out all over my bathroom counter. I have emailed the company that makes this. It smells good but now I know why it smelled so strong... it was all over the place, a sticky mess.
I have no received this product... it said delivered... but nope
I have the ON Watermelon on subscription, and this Scivation one arrived. I've tried it before and it made me very nauseous, so this is going straight back! Cancelling subscription. Can't risk getting this one again! I didn't know substitutions were made like this! Ugh!!
Never received my item. When I contacted the seller, their reply was: if you did not receive your item. Please check with your local post office or call UPS directly to find out where your item went. Thank you, your item was shipped out directly By Native. I don't do the shipping myself but order directly to native and native ships it out. I'm sorry but should the seller be responsible to find out where the order is? Why should I have to track it down when my emails directly from AMAZON says “sorry, your order shouldn't be this late”. I've never had an order that I placed with Amazon get lost before.
It was impossible to attach to the hair dryer, and I purchased the travel hair dryer recommended for this product.
I didn't received !! Never !!
IT NEVER ARRIVED and they did not return my money or replace the item despite my complaints via email.
Doesn't work on my leg cramps
I don't like the ban its very poor quality...
I bought this for a trip I went on. I am so glad I decided to put it in a plastic bag just in case the contents came out......because EVERY SINGLE day popped open and all of the contents were in the bag. I couldn't take all of my medicine/vitamins because I couldn't tell them apart from one another. The ONLY reason I gave it 1 star is due to the large capacity and the fact I can't rate it a 0. I'm really disappointed in this product.
The smell was nauseating and I had to throw it in the trash!
Total waste of money..do not purchase..the print is really hard to read.i ordered a replacement thinking the labels I received were messed up, no the quality is just poor. Not worth your time or money.
I used this couple of years back which was good. Several months back i purchased second time. However this time whenever i ate a tablet i felt dizziness, a bit felt like throwing up and ended up throwing the bottle away.
Did not order this, yet they sent it to me charged me for it and will do nothing to fix the problem. The have stolen money from my bank account and are taking zero responsibility for there actions. I may very well take them to court for theft. And considering it was done electronically it's a federal crime. Hope this gives them some motivation to fix their mistake.
This is a waste of money! Sticks often, doesn't work as stated, and to top it off no returns!
Did not receive the right one I received the daytime detox instead of nighttime very disappointed and upset won't purchase again
The first time I tried to use it the metal at the connecting joint immediately snapped.
Very thin and leaked the first time my daughter wore these. Terrible quality!
This is really horrible tasting protien powder. I dont know of I got a bad batch or something but Ive never had protien powder that was so nasty. I wish I'd never bought it.
Does not work. I have given it to my son twice and it makes him hyper and makes him stay up all night. He went from drowsy to wired within minutes of taking.
DO NOT BUY! FALSE ADVERTISING! THERE IS NO SUCTION OR VACUUM OF ANY SORT!!! It's a fancy qtip if you ask me!
seller did not even see it before it shipped
Cheap piece of crap. Just received this item and it doesn't light up. The other tools are useless if you can't see into the ear canal. Do not waste your money.
My daughter wears a size 2 so i got the small and it looks like it might fit a toddler size. Maybe i misread it?
Very bad product and supposed service. Just use for only one time and is broken right now. I contacted for the warranty and they put a lot of obstacles for not bring the warrantee. Not exist warranty.
I'm not happy with this product. It is not accurate. My doctor compared it with his blood pressure monitor and the values are not even close. I would like to return it for a refund
I never receive this item
The color was perfect. The problem I had with the tissue paper was.... it ripped way to easy for Art projects. I make paper flowers I ran out of green and red tissue paper and ordered online. Huge mistake but perfect for a gift.
The balls fall out or the ends. Wastes my oils. =/
Received wrong product or this picture is inaccurate.
The batteries didnt work. Maybe because they have a 2017 date.
Not good. Crap. Returned for refund.
Too expensive. I found it cheaper in Walmart.
Terrible! The white noise had some sort of pattern that I picked up and kept hearing. The clock is so tiny you can't see the numbers but holy moly is the blue light on the clock bright. The blue light and terrible white noise kept my husband and me up all night. The next morning I repackaged it and sent it back. Do not purchase!
We originally ordered these in Nov 2017. The bags were awesome and we never had one break or tear. So when we started running low in March of this year, I made sure to order the exact same product. We did not need to open the second box until a couple weeks ago. I knew something was wrong when I pulled out the very first bag. The plastic was different and it didn't have any "give" to it. Needless to say, every single one of them has ripped so far and over very stupid reasons. The corner of an Oreo bag made a 6 in tear and all I did was pick the trash bag up to move it 5 feet away. We are 10 for 10 on damaged trash bags. The worst part... We have a lot of cats. Several times now the torn bags have spilled dirty cat litter all over the floor.
Received the wrong item.
Arrived with a cracked lid. I barely touched it and the lid broke apart in my hands. The applicator inside the bottle was snapped in half. They don't accept returns on this so I'm going to try using a q-tip with it and sealing the bottle with plastic wrap.
I buy this product a lot and have never had a problem with it but this most recent shipment is hardly a gel..... it's more like a liquid. Did they water it down?
This tastes like battery acid.
Disappointed. I'm not sure if this is authentic Clinique? The moisturizer looks/feels differently than same product I've bought in store. Box was opened and no sealing on it. Will buy next time at a Clinique store counter.
I just received this. I noticed that my bottle has a warning issue concerning CA Prop 65. As you can see in the images here on the seller, it doesn't say any warning. However, my bottle has this warning. This is very dishonest from the seller. I bought this product because I read what the product included from the seller and it was fine at that time ( it didn't have warning label), but it wasn't at all. I'm very disappointed since this is not the first time I buy products from this company. Seller very dishonest.
Poor fit. Falls out of machine.
Do not buy this item, the smell is very bad and it's not worth it get something else that's better, this will make you smell like you pooped yourself.
This product caused me severe headaches every time I used it. Needed to return but Amazon refused my return request even though it is both Prime & it is Sold By Amazon.
Ordered this 3 pack and they only sent 2. Sent seller a message and got no response.
Not happy with product. Totally missed that there is an herbal blend in this capsule along with the calcium. An herbal blend that is hazardous if you are pregnant, which I am. It says nothing on the bottle about not consuming if pregnant. Glad I only took one dose before I realized it.
Unfortunately, Amazon, after two attempts, was unable to actually send me the product without damage.
Monitor kept reading low battery even after I changed the batteries 3 times. Monitor obviously is inoperative.
It didn't help With my pain from neuropathy.
As soon as it arrives i tried it and it started smoking
Three out of The four bottles i bought leaked, although they were closed and sealed. The problem appeared after the end of refund period. I have à son with autism, who needed Those products. Very very frustrating!
Unfortunately the smell is very offensive. I wanted to return it but I don't have a printer for the return label so I'm stuck with the expense. I don't like giving negative reviews, but this is a truly offensive smell & I wouldn't recommend.
Unfortunately this product did not get hot at all. I missed the return window sadly so now I'm out $30 for a product I couldn't use.
I've already written to seller and never heard a reply. The bottle has a squeeze top and it was empty. Very heavy nail remover smell when I opened the package. No box around bottle and it leaked. refund please
The pills were disgusting. The contents of the bottle reeked when I opened the cover seal! I have tried contacting the company for months but they never respond! Don't buy this product. These pills are rotten!
To big on one side very hard to hold and no power
Item was lost and seller never contacted me, even after I tried contacting seller. Very disappointed in how this seller deals with products. Also very disappointed in Amazon for not returning my money like they have done in the pass with other damage/stolen items.
I have not received my two orders of wrapping paper even though says delivered
These are great but I ordered the variety pack and got all peanut butter.
1 Star for Lack of Comfort. It has small grooves all over the top which are very uncomfortable when wearing any shoes with bare feet, hose or no show sheer liner (footies). I waited too long to return so now I'm stuck with them.
So far I am 3 weeks in and there is no change in energy, appetite or weight loss.
The grabber broke the first time I tried to use it. Handle snapped in my hand, smashing fingers. Thing looks very poorly made upon close inspection and... it was! Do not recommend this product. Would be really dangerous if you were relying on it and this was all you had.
This sound machine completely stopped working after a few months of using it. I'm very disappointed in the low quality.
The power button stopped working two weeks after using. Very disappointed and wish I would have bought something else!
Was great but broke quick
This is a knock off version. Do not buy!!!
The taste is not like the original one :(
Put it in my camping gear and it leaked all over everything; all the gauze, bandages, first aid tape, slings & medicine were destroyed. It was screwed on tight. I'm furious.
I`ve used this religiously for 3+ months and the fungus isn`t gone. I'm really disappointed because the high reviews made me hopeful it would work. They say there is a money back guarantee. I haven`t requested that yet but I wonder if it will be for the last order or all my orders.
I haven't felt anything yet… And I've been taking it for a week!
Didn't work for me not what I expected!
The meter was too long and kept falling off when I bent over. Amazon was very helpful in accepting a return and refund.
I never received my package and the seller didn't nothing to help
Worst ever! I've used the product before with great results, but this the new recipe is so bad!!! Gave me stomach problems for 2 days after drinking it. I'm incredibly disappointed. And uncomfortable!
I don't know if it was just me but I received a wrong product. This wasn't the original "Korean Red Ginseng Extract Everytime" but "Korean Red Ginseng Extract Everytime BALANCE". Buyers be aware that the seller might send the wrong product. The Balance version has lower percentage of Red Ginseng extract.
I purchased the goodbye varicose veins and received a broken bottle of goodbye styes. I couldn't tell you if the product worked because I didn't receive my correct order. I uploaded a photo as you can see the oil is leaking everywhere
The tips, once again, were completely wrong for my Satisfyer Pro 2. I advise not purchasing this product until the manufacturer provides assurances that they have changed the tips to fit the Satisfyer Pro
Does not stay on teeth to whiten, dissolves in mouth.
These bars have no taste! I thought I had lost my mind, but no...it's the bars. I love the lemon cake flavor and thought that key lime would be delicious. Alas, I was wrong.
I used the sponge attachment first. 10 mins into washing dishes, it comes off or separated from the base. I put another one on, same thing. Horrible, waste of money.
I purchased what I thought was a Stethoscope. They said they delivered the item and it never came. So Amazon being awesome gave me a refund. I thought I'd give the company the benefit of the doubt and I got a Stethoscope clip. NOT a stethoscope. I know I should have read the description instead of going by the photos but was in a hurry to get this ordered for class. They really need to post pix of the clip and NOT of a stethoscope.
Hard to get it to work.
I don't like giving bad reviews, but this didn't get cold enough to remove the wart on my knee, and is not cheap. It's supposed to have enough juice for many applications, but it didn't last through one. It seems to require humidity from the air to really work, but I live in a dry desert with practically none. Looks like I'll go with the older salicylic acid, which is slower, but works.
I had this for 2 years and it started rattling super loudly. It was great until then.
THIS IS NOT SILICONE. I want a refund
I never received the item. Seller did refund my costs.
damage items they will not refund you ...
Beware! Amazon is sending out a completely different health product, with a sticker on it saying it is this foot cream.
The texture was gritty.
Unlike the silk sleep mask this stiff sleep mask does not conform to your face. It sits way from your face allowing lots of light. It also is less comfortable. Not recommended.
Worked amazingly...while it worked. Didn't last long and now it just won't turn on. Wasn't exposed to water or anything like that, just suddenly quit. Very disappointed.
This product has sand mix with it. Rocky dusty. Returned it.
Usually I buy this at a local drug store and have been putting a scoop a day into my morning coffee, tasteless, totally dissolves ... I saw it cheaper here so I thought to give it a try. The texture seems different and the powder is lumpy when I add it into my coffee, have to stir for a while but never get totally dissolved. I do not have that issue with the powder from a drug store. Product doesn't seem the same quality
Broke off the threads after one push of the broom this is junk
Deeply disappointing. This was an epic fail in all areas, comfort, absorbency, usefulness. It felt like I had a wadded neck pillow between my thighs and I bought the extra long, slim design. What a joke! I also ordered the maximum absorbency. But the pad moves backwards so even the smallest sneeze resulted in wet clothing! Avoid at all costs!!
I bought two of these one for myself one for my father. Both quit working after about 3 weeks. Bought extra batteries No use for them now !
I travel on the road for months at a time and thought this would be handy to travel with more oils, less space. All of the oils leaked all over my bag. Now I'm stuck away from home without them.
It removes wax, BUT very hard to remove spiral grip after use. Whom can you call for help?
First week it was fun until it'd gone out of juice. Every recharge made its life shorter. Then it died with no sign of life. Regular gas lighter is much more reliable and longer lasting
Made to smell like the real thing but not the real thing
This item is just not worth it. It only covers maybe half of the tub so you feel like you are falling out of the tub. Water gets outside of the tub which is another fall hazard.
Sent me wrong product. Not what was shown, false advertising, don't buy here.
This broke the next day good thing I got a refund for it earlier.
I've brought this product before sand I can say with the highest level of disappointment, this product was watered down. Very disappointed.
I didn't receive the product I received an empty bag. How do I call you. I can't return nothing to return bag open and empty bag no product sent
this bracelet began tarnishing my wrist within a week... after 3 weeks it gave me blisters where the magnets made contact with my skin. it went into the trash can immediately after that. Other than that.... this thing was great
Shipped without cap. Only foil seal.
Excellent product while it worked. Only lasted 6 weeks.
I never got this item! Rip off!
Purchased 2 20 pack and only receive 1 pack.
I am quite disappointed that I opened up this variety pack to find one bar already opened and the rest of them squished. Very disappointed and can not find a way to contact seller for replacement.
Not sure it did anything.
This seller has double billed me for this order. The order was never delivered and they sent a replacement order. They are now charging me for this first order I never received. If you don't correct this I am going to the bank to stop payment on this new charge you are not authorized to make!!!
Not enough curve to do a good job.
The packaging was terrible! When it arrived, it was in a “cool pack” envelope with a cold pack inside with the box of product. The cold pack was completely melted and the box was a soggy mess!!
Much too sweet had to return
Not petite at all, same size as reg calcium.
Hard as a rock! Not like a memory foam at all.
This is what I received today may 20th 2019
Directions are the most poorly translated English ever I have no idea how to set it up
I never received item . Pls return my money
When i put in my contacts it burns and makes my vision extremely hazy. I can't even use this. Is this a counterfeit product? I thought it was better buying off amazon to get a deal, but now i can't even get my money back
The black color started rubbing off on my pillow case after 3 days of use. I tried had washing it but still the same thing. The stain does not come off!
This cup can possibly handle one cup of if finished quickly. I like to take my time and drink a few throughout the day and this absolutely does not stand up to use. They start to soak up the coffee along the seam ans weaken. I thought maybe it was the hot coffee so i tried it with ice coffee... This was even worse. when i picked up the cup to take a sip it bent in like i was trying to squeeze it but i was barely holding it. I will not be purchasing these again.
Package arrive with the top broken off the seal broken
To be Honest it doesn't work
I would not order from this company. They NEVER sent the item. They are TERRIBLE and unresponsive!!!! DO NOT ORDER FROM THEM!!
The spray is nice... However. I was using it and the included cloth to buff a scuff from my new granite counter tops and the cloth STAINED the counter. A black stain on my WHITE granite counters. This is incredibly upsetting. Don't include a cloth that is dyed and will stain the very surface it's meant to clean. Would not recommend this product to anyone.
For the amount of money it wasn't worth it. It rips easy.
Decent blades. I ordered 100 but only got 5 (FIVE). Contacted the seller, waited a month and tried again. I was told to contact Amazon and they would help me. I mean, what in the actual heck? Got cheated and can't do squat about it? Not impressed at all...
This is a great product if you like noxious fumes in your house -- like someone spilled a gallon of laundry detergent. Even on the low setting the smell was unpleasant and overwhelming. I put electrical tape over the holes in hopes of curbing the smell, and even then our whole family wished we had gas masks.
I am not writing about the product but more about how it came to me when I opened the box. Much to my disappointment. The product was already opened, both boxes. I have to admit I was really disappointed.
Just a little better than sandpaper
The button broke after one year of moderate usage. Used approx. 3 times per week.
Returned it. I was unaware that our (awesome) chair came with its own - which was far better. This is the (heavy) chair that we have: nova wide 22" heavy duty transport chair with locking hand brakes, removable & flip up arms for easy transfer, 400 lb weight capacity
I bought the we for my boots which are bit large on me I stuck it where it has to be when I put my foot in the thing went down with my foot threw it away .
The lid leaks and does not have a vent hole. When you have hot liquids in your Yeti it pushes the lid up (since warm air expands) and causes the seal to break. I was trying to get around spending money on an actual Yeti lid, but I learned my lesson. Will pay for quality.
"Pods" arrived completely pulverized into dust. I need the pods to travel, so they are useless to me in powder form. In addition to being packed unprotected in a large box with several heavy items, the bag looks like it was stepped on before it left the warehouse.
This was the worst product ever it came to me melted and destroyed and I can't get a refund until they get the destroyed ones back. I want new vitamins and they will only give a refund.
The description of the product says it's a case of three packs. A pack includes three pairs, so that should be nine pairs total. I received one pack of three. And to return the item I either have to be home for UPS to pick it up, or make a trip to a drop off location. Save yourself the inconvenience, just don't order them.
As much as I like Pure Protein Bars, these are by far the worst tasting. I will NOT buy these ever again ! !
Not original packaging per description. Came with label made By seller and clear plastic with tape
Authentic RAW cones include paper straws, not plastic straws. The ones i purchased from "Household Trends" were unfortunately fakes.
I have been buying this protein powder for years but they changed it and this leaves such a terrible after taste, I can't use it. VERY Disappointed.
The cylinder container says there is no clumps when you mix it and taste it, but there were definitely clumps in mine I was not happy with how it tasted I have had other vanilla flavors before, but this one tasted tangy which was weird to me so I just ended up throwing the whole thing away! I was not happy with this product and I would like to come to the conclusion where I want my money back! Very clumpy and the taste made me want to throw up!
Cannot use this. My heart doctor said it was not good for heart patients/
This would be a great product but for the razor sharp edges of plastic used to sew on the velcro, even with a t-shirt the thing pokes and rubs through cutting up the skin. Maybe if they replaced that stiff plastic with a soft fabric it would be an great product... to bad... it's little short cuts like this that ruin a really great concept. Sadly i can't recomend this product. The fit is great and it holds the shoulder perfectly..... they need a new prototype
I loved this product until it stopped working after only being used a few times. Read all of the instructions. Tried everything. Won't turn on! I'm so disappointed!
I wanted to like these wipes but I hate the texture and quality. Won't repurchase. I'll stick to Huggies Wipes.
So far I've gained 3 pounds after 3 weeks
Doesn't help at all.
Haven't been able to use because the pump doesn't work :(
The circular tabs in the 1st two (2) packages i opened were shattered in small pieces.
Very inaccurate!!! Returned it
Nine out of 21 mirrors arrived broken, and I cannot replace them or get a refund because I waited too long to open the box. Another seller double-wrapped their mirrors and they survived shipment, and the mirrors from this seller were single wrapped and half were wiped out. Double wrapping seems like a good idea, because there was no indication of breakable objects on the outside of the box. Will the seller please write me back to arrange replacements?
Don't waste your money. My neck isn't very thick and it was constricting and not comfortable. I didn't wear it for more than 5 minutes. Spend a little more and get something 10x better somewhere else.
I like the product ,but now I have to go somewhere to return it to get my money back, I can't used it, it came in a a brown envelope, why would a company shipping a fragile material in an envelope.Now I have to waste my time .
I have Restless legs, and the product worked the first night, but it didn't work after that. Sorry!
you have charged me twice for this product
Super disappointed. Not at all the same product I ordered. Not even the same manufacturer. I will for sure try and contact the seller for a refund. And yes it is unused.
Gave my daughter a rash. I've used huggies almost her whole life but something in these caused chafing.
Used this heating pad for 2 weeks & it WAS great. Lastnight turned it off & went to sleep. Woke up a few hours later to a horrible burning smell. After searching it was the heating pad BURNING. I have owned many heating pads & NEVER had that happen. Luckily we were home or it could have been much worse. I could barely get the cover off because the pad was melting to it.
I have found that I'm alergic to this. I'm sure it works great but just not for me.
I bought these bunny slippers for one of my longtime customers and he had only had them on his walker for like a month and they have already fallen apart and we had to get get another pair. I will not order these again.
Does pic above look like Hemp Cream to anyone?
Horrible doesn't work don't waste your money
This tape is the worst, does not stick at all. I have used tape for years and I can not even get a half mile run in before it is falling off. Very disappointed in this product.
I would give zero stars if i could. Waste of money. It doesnt work. The glue is not good at all. It didnt last one day.
Please do yourself a favor and buy the better ones at the store. I took two tests and both were positive. I'm getting married next year and thought we had to completely reschedule. My fiance went and bought a clear blue and first response pack, I took three more tests and all were resounding NEGATIVES. Please Please Please do NOT buy these. I think I lost several years off of my life because of these tests.
Piece of shit. Velcro came off after one week of use. Stay away from this product.
Do not buy these, they are too fat and do not stay on
I COULD NOT POSSIBLY WEAR AS I have neuropathy in my ankles and legs. Legs are super sensitive to any touching. Please sen me a return mailing label very soon.
Terrible doesn't work stick the basics people
Started on fire the first time I used the vacuum.
I had to return for a refund. I put it in the microwave for 30 seconds. At the 26 second mark, it exploded. Cheap cellophane type film over the beads,
Went back to my old product.
Horrible quality!! Received it and tried to use it and it was completely out. These batteries don't work. Save your money!
There is a lot of sugar...these upset my stomach.
I took these for 2 weeks & I did notice a slight difference, but I had to stop taking because I developed a horrible yeast infection. My vagina is super sensitive & I ignored the reviews that spoke of this. Everyone is different, but if you're sensitive in that area proceed with caution
so disappointed it make me gain weight
This stuff made me so sick within an hour. I was throwing up almost immediately. Will not be trying this again.
I never received this item. And I was unable to contact any one from this vendor or amazon to report the problem. I would appreciate some one contacting me
Product never came it said delivered,but I never received it,but they did refund my money with no issues.
Never received my product ! My daughter needs this desperately, I ordered before she has run out counted on it and never shipped in ... I paid for something I never received . They said since it was fulfilled by amazon I had to contact them directly (fulfilled by amazon)
It was NOT GREEN . I ordered it for the green color otherwise I would have bought the regular type from a store .
Bar for a friend for Christmas really works a lot I only work for the first day after the second day of having the item it wouldn't stand up hold air or water I will not be buying this product again
Didn't help my sleep at all.
Not satisfied. The motor is so loud I can't hear the water trickling.
I had just picked it up for the first time when I received a splinter in my thumb
Awful taste. I could only use it once. I wish i could return it
Have measured this against a mercury which is the one used for calibration. The Ozeri is 15-25 points off on the low side. I certainly wouldn't recommend this product if you're measuring your BP for hypertension. Unfortunately, it was easy to use and easy to transport on travels. But even if you add 15 to the Ozeri measurements you may be 10 points low, but there's no other way to tell unless you measure your BP with a reliable monitor, so what's the point of using it.
Not effective at all. It might possibly work for a child. Bends easily.
Does not smell like an essential oil. Has a synthetic odor..but I missed my return window.
This product came broken and the oil soaked all through the package causing the post office to put it in a sealed plastic bag. I called Amazon and they quickly apologized and refunded my money but now apprehensive to order essential oils again. All other oils I've ordered arrived just fine.
Unhappy that I must leave a 5 start review for my next product to be free.
Not good- is clumpy, taste is awful and does not make me feel as wellbeing as my regular greens i use.
I have been taking it for 3 months now faithfully and I feel nothing different.
The wipes were contaminated with a brown-colored substance when we we opened the seal. This is our first time ordering the flushable wipes.
This product arrived late, despite guaranteed delivery saying it would be at my house on time all day, until it suddenly wasn't there. When I called Amazon to fix it, they blamed the delivery service - which is Amazon's internal delivery service. Their response was basically "well, it's not going to get there, you should just wait a couple more days." I needed the product that evening for a gift, and all the other places I could buy this product were closed. I had to cancel my order and go to a salon across town the following morning, and was lucky that they were able to help me - but Amazon really dropped the ball on this one. Product itself (purchased from a salon) is good, though I'm not sure it's really necessary for the brazilian blowout. Honestly, I think any sulfate-free shampoo will do. Another shampoo that I use had better results with the brazilian blowout than this did.
Terrible taste. I threw it out
So much plastic for such a small amount of liquid. I didn't read comments before buying. Because I have bought different products from the company before. However, one of my bottles came empty in the mail as well. From now on I will just go to Target to get the larger bottle and to make sure it is full.
The company I ordered this through on Amazon sent me in my opinion a fake knock off. They were a gift for my mom , I want a refund!
I don't believe the hype. Feel no benefits after taking these . Let's see how this money back guarantee works ??
They sent the wrong scent !!!
This cushion was as bad as sitting on two wooden boards with a 3" space between...MEMORY FOAM? Where??? Had to return, caused more pain to use!!!
The mirror was missing, I called the company, they said go to Amazon. They should have taken care of the problem and just sent a mirror. I spoke to Amazon and they resolved the issue. The product is fine, their customer service is nonexistent.
It does not improve my sleep. It does however, get me sleepy faster. Does not suppress my appetite either, and no weight loss. The taste is okay. So overall, I would not buy this product again, especially for the price. Too expensive!
That's right. It records a minute of data but there's no way to get it off the device. The cloud software is a joke. Who designed this abomination.
It never came in but they reimbursed me my Money fast which I can't complain.
This product causes an almost immediate and severe stomach ache. You are supposed to take this type of vitamin c on an empty stomach, but that is not possible. I generally have a very strong stomach, but I can't tolerate this product.
This product tastes so fake and has an awful after taste. I could not finish more than 2 sips before throwing it out. NOt even blending it could help the taste.
It deserves less than one star, it doesn't look like an oil , it comes in a bad conditions open bottle in a very poor ziplock I'm really mad and unsatisfied with this it says amazon prime and my item comes like that. I sent it back I contacted amazon agents they told we didn't receive it then it doesn't show on ups system I don't know. It's amazon's mistake if they send it to me in good conditions I won' lost my item and money
The bags are flimsy and rio easily. I will not purchase this item from you again.
This CPAP cleaning system uses UV light to disinfect which is fine. The problem is that you have to completely disassemble your hose, mask and water reservoir for it to work. The SoClean system is much better as the entire hose, mask and reservoir is disinfected at one time WITHOUT taking the CPAP unit apart and sterilizing it piece by piece..unless you have nothing better to do with your time. I sent this UV unit back and it cost me $10 in shipping so I'm trying to save you the time and money ordering this. The ozone smell will quickly dissipate once the mask and headgear is removed from the SoClean unit which they state as a problem...NOT.
It is very short. Unless you have a 22” waist and a pediatric wheelchair, don't bother.
I disliked this product because I never received it! I ordered Nov 27, was supposed to have Dec. 19. Contacted the seller twice, first was told that it got lost and they had already shipped another. Second contact, they said they'd look into it. Nothing. I contacted amazon and they we're great! Refunded my money no problem. So A+++ for Amazon. Disgusted for the company. After this experience I read their reviews. Obviously service has gone downhill over the past year as they had positive reviews but recent ones had same experience as I did.
I only received 6 novelty items, not 12. Dissapointed
the container is so cheap, it opened in shipment and spilled all over the box inside, leaking out of the corners into the UPS truck. they thought its was bird seed... Because I had other items in the box, I accepted the leaking box to discover, there was NO packing in the box. The heavy box of canned fruit apparently pressed against the chia container, bending the top...the cellophane seal broke, the lid came off and the plastic seal underneath was open and the entire content was all over the cardboard shipping box. Of course, it is inedible. I am sure I would have enjoyed it had it not been so poorly packaged and broken open. I wrote the seller with no response. will not buy this again
Doesn't work well at all.
horrible avoid at all cost looks all shiny but quality is very poor broke down after 4 weeks
No where on the bottle does is state 5000IU of vit. D3 as in the product description. Also it does not contain the black pepper as in the product description. This is deceptive product labeling. I will not be buying this again.
I don't know if it's the size of the pill or what but every time I take one of these horse pills it starts to get stuck in my throat. I've taken some big vitamins and pills before but this is the first pill I don't look forward to swallowing. I tried cutting the pill in half. Wasn't much improvement. Will not order again unless the size of these things is reduced.
They are gross. They take forever to melt so must be chewed. I only took one and it made me sick to my stomach. I do not recommend.
product unsuccessful
Went to blow up for sons bday party and found a small hole at the seam.
They are horrible! I got the multi color pack and the blue one worked for one day, the black one worked for a few weeks and the only reason the yellow one still works is because it's only been used once. So sad. Would definitely not recommend.
AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL LIES LIES LIES I ORDERED 2 packs of 12 count combs they sent 2 combs I paid 12$ for 2 combs are you kidding me
Very ineffective cleaner. I don't know what "super strength" means and I don't think the manufacturer does either!
Bought this In July and it has already quit working
After two hours of taking this supplement, I started to violently throw up.
Rolls up immediately after application! Doesn't stay put under clincher. When using with a hot cream, etc., the product easily glides off instantly.
Don't like this product. It makes me nauseous and jittery. The artificial sweetener Sucralose is very unhealthy. I definitely would not recommend this product. Too bad I am stuck with 2 tubs of this product (one unopened)
Didn't even include salt, just an empty vial. I called Amazon and they refunded me, but at least I got to keep the useless plastic vial.
Not sure if this product works or not...I've seen no difference.
Didn't work for me I gained 3 pounds and I used both bottles
Cheap and not one piece . Seam down the middle which makes it hard to clean,
Have not noticed any results.
Bought two diff kinds, this one did this to my legs! Had to wear tights for two weeks. Didn't see much results except bruising !!!!
I recently bought test strips from this seller. When I opened the package today I discovered that they expired in 2015. No wonder they were such a bargain!
Have started using this yet.
So disappointed. And really disgusted. This was my absolute favorite prenatal vitamin. It came highly recommended by my fertility specialist. It has everything you need for pregnancy and pre-pregnancy. Now it is LITERALLY DOUBLE THE PRICE of what I used to pay for it on amazon a year ago when I was pregnant. Shame on you, ortho molecular. You'll never get another cent out of me until you stop gouging the prices here on amazon. This is absurd and 100% immoral.
Didn't help a bit. This makes cough syrup taste good. The only thing this is good for is a colon cleanse as it gave me massive diarrhea, which goes along well with the awful taste. I'll stick to redbull.
This oil is rancid, use less. Very dissapointed.
All the gummies were melted in a glob. What a waste of $.
Packaging and delivery was great, but I did not care for this flavor ( dark chocolate). It also did not mix well with my almond milk. I'll stick to vanilla and decadent chocolate.
Ordered 2. Both arrived damaged. Unfortunately I don't have access to a printer or the ability to have a label printed I am stuck with them. I intended them as a going away gift for a co worker and won't be able to get replacements in time.
Couldn't get them on way to small for one size fits.
Did absolutely nothing for me
Purchased in January, did not last through mid March. I live in Arizona where it doesn't rain much. First time it was in a little sprinkle and I'm talking not enough to make a postal stamp stick, it was fried. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY! also it sucked as a media peripheral, does not advance or repeat and the buttons were acting like they were wearing out within the first month.
I really liked these but they broke after a month of use. The plastic snapped on the ear piece. Flimsy and cheap.
Makes me realy hungry and irritable.
Gave to a friend that takes it. I started having knee trouble after taking it. May not having anything to do with it but just Incase.
I first bought this pillow in January and loved it so much, I ordered two more. Unfortunately I have to send them back. they don't hold their shape like the one I got in January and they are very load. When I saw the negative reviews about this issue I thought people were complaining about the small sound the pillow makes when you shape it. But the new ones are very when you move your head. Maybe the manufacture got a bad batch or something. It's really too bad as i love the one I got in January.
I order this product almost 2 weeks ago and still have yet to receive it. It's very frustrating that when you buy a product on Amazon prime and your product comes 2 weeks after you made the purchase. Definitely will not be buying from this seller again!!
I ordered a comb but received a sew on gecko patch
I Ordered the silicone based bottle and they sent me the water based product. And the product is not returnable.
Why send 1 box ?? That 3 box
I was so excited to try this product. I even ordered for my sister. Unfortunately I did not received my order at all, and I'm so disappointed. I asked for refund...
Didn't work for me and had a bad odor
It didn't work at all. I bought this for my trip to India, where I was bathing in sweat.
wrong item and no refund dont buy this product cause they wont send it and wont refund you
Product was recommended by a few acquaintances that swore the supplement was the reason why they got pregnant. Took pills as prescribed and 3 bottles later, no baby, no change in my cycle, and no anything. Stopped taking them and on to the next experimental supplement . . .
Super pissed this item is ineligible for return .. I took a teaspoon and i can see how other people thought it tasted like motor oil bc I can agree it has a very pungent flavor . About 30 minutes later I started heavily regurgitating everything I previously ate that day along with all the water in my stomach . Kept running to the sink to rid of the nasty contents spewing up my esophagus. It also , I believe flaired up my histamine intolerance. Unfortunately my body just doesn't agree with this stuff. I figured I would use it topically to not waste it and my body was not relieved in any way where my underlying muscles ached.
Amazon prime service has gone down the tube! Why am I paying for two day delivery that takes four and five days to come? As a long time prime member I am rethinking my memberships...all of them!
I like the smell and the concept is good, but they didn't completely dissolve and was out from the reservoir during the cycle. There would still be some of the plastic coating with the product inside. I think the issue is -if there is any water in the soap reservoir it will cause the packet to stick and not rinse out. I've had to do quite a few double loads to ensure my dishes were clean.
It's hard to tell what I like or dislike about this product. I've been waiting for over a week for it to be delivered. The tracking says it's been out for delivery for the past 7 days. The seller still has yet to contact me.
Flame too large and adjustment screw had no effect. Would not light after first re-fill of butane. It's gone.
Color just sits on top of my hair, didnt like it at all.
It's too unfortunate that this product can't be return to the company, it caused upset stomach and burning, if it was a good product they would take returns but they don't
Not what I was looking for
The flavor was so sweet & strong - even after using 1/2 of the scoop, I couldn't drink it. Disappointed
my item broke 4 days after i received it. it spooled out and never retracted. the customer support is horrible I have called twice left messages with no response. they truly do not care about their customers
These smell HORRIBLE!! At first I thought, maybe just a bad package. But nope......it is the entire box. Anybody want some stinky wipes??
I did not like this product. I could not get use to the feeling in my nose. There are a variety of sizes but it still was very uncomfortable. I did use them for a few nights but my husband did not notice a difference. Also, they a very strong plastic/rubber smell.
Did not work with wahoo tickr. Works fine with Garmin but needed tickr strap and bought based on description.
Like every other snoring thing out there, it doesn't work. The idea is novel, but the tennis ball moves to the side so you still end up on your back. Don't bother.
The item has not arrive - Amazon cannot find out any status
I am not sure which of the ingredients contain nickel, but after a week of taking these, my hand eczema returned with a vengeance. I am nickel sensitive, so I will not take these anymore.
Didn't work for my girlfriends dad.
These were fine at first. Then I noticed the part that might turn purple already looked purple before the test was performed. Now I have half of a bottle left and can't trust the results.
All batteries dead on arrival. Seller refused to deal with problem--told me I had to go through Amazon to get adjustment or replacement. I don't have time for this, so I just took the loss. Will I buy from this seller again? Uh, huh, sure I will...
I could not stand it anymore after one serving. I will probably throw it away.
Waste of money and more so because of the time I'm taking to review this product. Garbage, do not bother.
Overall this product gets a 1 Star review. The capsules are not made evenly. If you use a capsules machine they will get stuck and they will crack trying to dislodge them. I tried them on 2 machines and both machines destroyed over 50% of the capsules. I tried one last time on a 24 count capsules machine and had 17 capsules stuck, crack and destroyed trying to use them as described. Absolutely avoid.
Poor fit and poor design. Only provides more pain rather than stability.
Have no idea if it's good or not it never arrived.... don't care that it said it was delivered... it wasn't I don't have it never got it ..... glad it didn't cost more than it did .. it must be lost in a ups truck or something
False advertising...DO NOT PURCHASE!! They sent 1 toothbrush when I paid $13 for pack of 6.
Never received order
It broke immediately
These are horrible. I'm not sure if I got a bad bunch but every other one is torn and has an improperly constructed bottom so that you cannot use it. Will not buy again.
They quad cane tip base split at one of the "legs" all the way across the base but did not separate. It caused my wife to fall and she hurt her ankle, knee, leg, hip and shoulder. She is not over weight. I had great hopes for this tip but now please be do not buy this!
I did not receive my package the person who delivered it lost my package
Looked used. Missing filter. Missing instruction book. Boxes, including the one inside, were both damaged.
My batteries are damaged!!! I cannot return them that is my current experience. I wasted my money.
Really terribly tasting! The pills are much better and work better
No effect at all on my pain
I love this diapers, I ran out of them and had to use another kind cause the country I am at right now don't have the Honest diapers, and the difference is huge! the honest company diapers are so soft and delicate for my baby skin, so fad the best. I am giving a 1 star review cause they send me the wrong size of diapers! so I am still out of diapers, my baby is currently using a size 2, I bought size 2, but this seller send me a size 6 😭
This was not delivered to me, I was tracking and waitin outside my apartment. According to the delivery tracking it was handed to a resident. Where is the package?
DO NOT ORDER from this person, I ordered a three month supply on 11/2018 and when it arrived the pills where already expired! What the hell kind of scam is this?!
These bars are disgusting. Flavorless, nothing like salted caramel. If you blindfolded me, gave me one of these bars and asked the flavor, I'd just say “ sugar.” Plus I can't have chocolate, and what are in the ingredients? Cocoa. I've never had salted caramel bars that have to add cocoa. Well, I are those suckers anyway. Total waste of 290 calories a bar and waste of money. No thanks.
Peeled off after and hour of walking around.
This was a replacement box from my original order. Same expiration date which although is a few months off, the bars did not have a good taste. Trying to get in touch with Amazon for a refund.
Don't waste your money. These electrodes can only be used once if that. The adhesive is poor and the only way I got them to work was by using medical tape to hold them down against the skin.
I purchased the orthodontic tips and these are not them. Although I did not open the package, this item is not eligible for return. I am very disappointed in that.
I purchased this supplement for my PCOS. When they arrived I took one that afternoon and later that night when I was trying to go to sleep I found it very difficult to catch my breath. This went on for several hours and I had trouble falling asleep that night. Against my better judgment, I took another pill this morning and while at work, again I had trouble catching my breath. Nothing in my diet or routine has changed other than this supplement. Will be returning.
I received this product and the box looked like it was a hundred years old. I tried to use one pad and it was all dried up. The entire box went in the trash. Will never order this from here again.
THIS STUFF STINKS WANTED TO RETURN BUT TOO MUCH HASSLE
It didn't work to many pills to take
doesnt work unless you hold it. very cheap
This product does not work. When I try to charge my Fitbit I get a message that says there is not enough power to charge. But I'm plugging into every outlet in my home that I use every day with no problem whatsoever
After opening I see why there is no return on this product - very poorly made and no help from sellers.
Came in a box that looked like it was already opened and was taped closed again. Came with some missing parts. I have to take it all apart and send it back. Very frustrating.
This was so disgusting! The taste was horrible. I took one sip and threw it in the garbage!
This isn't Authentic. I ordered it as a replacement for another glade scent I had, and although the bottles are similarly shaped these have a different logo than the original glade scent ones, and oil spilled out when I unscrewed the top of it off, which never happens with the real ones. It doesn't smell anything like lavender and vanilla. I took it out not 10 minutes after plugging it in because the smell is so overpowering and bubblegum sour. It's 6 bucks so not much lost but still irritating.
Have bought these diapers exclusively from Amazon for 6 months. Something is wrong with this box. Design has changed, they seem thinner and flimsy and they leak badly. I would like a refund.
The container had been opened before it arrived. The powder leaked inside the box..
After receiving this and noticing it was not at all effective for pain relief or anti inflammatory relief like the brand I used before I did some research and noticed a Prop 65 warning on the label. Further research showed that products made in India are not certified and use a type of lead as an additive. It also lacks the necessary ratio that makes it effective for pain relief. Basically I have a bag of turmeric that I'll use for cooking and will need to purchase another brand for pain relief
I'm not sure if it was a manufacturing, seller or shipment issue, but both bottles were broken, so I didn't end up using the product for fear that it may have been tampered with.
Was not delivered to me
It broke the second time. I would like my money back. I read the other reviews just now it was a mistake.
Person needing it passed away and the company would not let me return even though the box never got opened.
Did not help my supply at all. May work for others just not me unfortunately.
returned item, not needed.
I ordered and then never got it
Ordered once and cannot get you to stop sending!
When people expect to get the product they ordered and instead got alcohol pads instead, so now in order for me to get a refund I have to mail back the alcohol pads that I didn't even order in the first place which is ridiculous, should have paid more attention to the other warnings on the reviews stating receiving wrong items, not ordering again. Buyers Beware!!
It is so hard to get out of the holder/cleaning unit, that my handle broke off. I also was never able to get the bottom off to clean it out. There is no way to contact the seller or get warranty information so I am stuck with a defective/broken product that is useless to me.
I wore these to the gym several times, treadmill, stair climber...I then went on a hunting trip and after a normal first day (6-8 miles in mountains) the pad had cut the webbing between my toes.
It has a beautiful design, I love it. However, water leaks through where the cord comes out. It is very annoying that after setting up, I've realized the product is faulty.
A joke. Don't buy this thing.
Doesn't harden with uv light
Too small, they look bigger on the picture
I have purchased these from another vendor and assumed they would be the same. However, they are not. They are supposed to be waterproof but they are not. In fact, soaked completely through the very first time we used them. Terrible product and a complete waste of money (ordered 2 so it was almost $60 of wasted money). Do not buy them. I will find the others I purchased from another vendor and throw these away.
the same product at walmart is $4. don't buy it here
Completely ineffective. The oral melatonin is much better. Does not maintain or achieve sleep even when used as directed on a regular basis.
The bottle came exploded and all of the product was inside the envelope. Huge mess!
I have been using Now brand and love it. Curiosity for the best of me and I wanted to try another brand. This smells like metal, and my skin is not responding the way it usually does with my now oil. I'll be switching back
Didn't help with weight loss
Had to use after a procedure. My wife was not happy with product.
PRODUCT ARRIVED DAMAGE, THE PILLS WERE GLUED TOGETHER WITH EACH OTHER. IF I COULD GIVE IT "0" STARS I'D GIVE IT.
much too bulky for a normal residence. great if you only use it out of doors
Bars were hard and stale
I'm not sure how this product has anything but 1 star. The original refills are blue... these are green... you can tell they are of lower quality. Doesn't clean as well, doesn't produce as much "soap" suds... terrible. Amazon needs to pull these
Didn't work only got a soft sound I could barely hear nothing moved at all contact seller for a refund and got the run around. So I just took the lost I won't give it a star but had to for the reviews
Sent me the wrong product. Probably an inventory problem as I see that other reviewers had the same problem
It reeks of rubber. While it fit on my cane, it was not a stable base-the cane moved, literally wiggled, while using this. Unstable.
The two books I received were smashed on the the corners. They were in with a larger items and crammed into standard mail box. I would like them replaced, they are for Christmas gifts. This is not satisfactory.
The battery is dead.
Box cake damaged and with 2 leaky bottles of OxyClean. Very upset and disappointed because there were others items in box that are for my 7 month old baby. A baby thermometer and package of diapers that both were saturated. Along with a screen protector for my iphone that was very expensive. How really sad!?!?
It gives the same reading
It is not working for me at all.
States this is women's 5 to 10. I'm a 10 and they come up more than 2 inches short!
I bought this because it said no artificial fragrance, and was safe for color treated hair. The fragrance part is true but I think they meant standard hair colors because this was absolutely not true for me. If you use fashion colors, this shampoo is not safe to use. I use Punky Color in violet and after using this shampoo twice, my hair has faded to where my old DevaCurl would have gotten it 2 months out. Needless to say I'm extremely disappointed. My search for a color safe fragrance free shampoo continues...
All of them were freakin duds. No control lines nothing just freaking blank i did everything i could thing of even tried water juice husbands pee the whole box was just freakin blank.
first of all I THOUGHT I was getting 3 tubes like all the other comments said I got ONE tube and its useless for the price its crazy I may as well have bought Ben Gay for 1/3 of the price ! and its NOT RETURNABLE !!!!! I have to stop buying these type of items on Amazon cuz all im doing is wasting money since they cant be returned
The scale tells you a different number every time you step on it. Does not work at all!
Very difficult to focus the light on one spot.
I bought these based on other reviews, however they are not very sturdy. The first pair that I unpacked and used broke within the first couple of days. They were repairable as the frame broke. They went in the trash. I am currently using the second pair, but they also feel very unsturdy and the hinges are loose in the plastic of the frame therefore making the temples very wobbly and loose. I didn't really expect super quality for the price but I should be able to get more than a week or two out of each pair.
I was looking for a non-medicine alternative for headaches during pregnancy. Nowhere does it say "not for use during pregnancy" until I received it and opened up the box. Apparently it can cause labor. I'm 22 weeks pregnant, so I definitely do not want that. Would have been nice to have that note in the information before spending $30!! This might work but since I'm pregnant and can't use it, I'm giving it a one star.
I got this for my wife and she was keen to try it. I did not give her a restful sleep in fact she was more restless than normal. Also having bought via Amazon no return available. I would NOT buy this product again
Smaller than what I ordered
Not accurate! If you are looking for something that will be accurate and dependable- don't get this one. I checked this on numerous people and many who had 4 drinks- and it didn't even show up!
My product never showed up and it won't let me contact them!!
The bottle arrived completely broken, was not salvageable. Waste of money, would not advise to buy until seller changes shipping methods.
The adjustment wheel stopped working and you can't fully expand the compass.
I'd write a lower review but can't. Kept getting negative ketosis a few weeks into using them (sealed and kept dry) which I found odd. Tested with a different brand and in ketosis. Tested the dip stick in water and it wasn't bright purple but pink like a “low” reading. I'm not sure if my tap water has cut out their carb intake but I'm going to go with faulty product. I've reached out to the company to notify them. Needless to say I'm disappointed.
20 point movements when multi tests run back to back. I personally need stable reading to monitor my GL.
My son hated the flavor and hardness of this. He couldn't eat them and would always spit them out. Had to get him gummies and nothing bubble gum flavor.
Quick delivery but when I opened my package the syringes we're 25 gauge not the advertised 28. Had the same thing happen to a friend. Disappointed
IN ORDER FOR ANYONE TO ACCESS YOUR EMERGENCY INFORMATION THEY WOULD HAVE TO KNOW YOUR LOG IN INFORMATION. IF YOUR HURT AND UNRESPONSIVE THEY CAN'T GET THE INFO THEY WOULD NEED. ITS BEST JUST TO WRITE IT DOWN OR PRINT IT OUT.
Worked well for the first few months! Now it seems to be working but after six hours it cuts off and the water chamber is still full!
This product is a soft sort of night guard, and not the hard sort you can get at the dentist office. At this price, it's extremely poor value for money. When I tried to return it, the very diplomatic man on the phone talked me in circles until I was too tired to continue. Well played.
Never recieved the package although Amazon says it was delievered.
I never got the item I ordered. They gave me something else
Loose in a plastic bag.
Awful. Stopped working after first charge. Would give it 0 stars of I could
Only received 1 in the package and it is nothing like I pictured them
Wand over heats with in 5 minutes of use. Looking on the original manufacture website it says to be cautious of wands from Amazon do to counterfeit product
What a disappointment....These bags, both the crystal blue gel ice cold pack compress and soft vinyl compresses freeze hard. It does only take a minute for them to thaw enough to bend but that is not the impression that the description made. Also the seams around the clear packs is sharp. The soft vinyl (cloth like covers) is even sharp. I will use them in a cooler but I won't be using them on my kids or my sore shoulders or knees. Keep looking.
The sponge fell off on the first use. The second one is loose after one use and coming off. Very poorly made. I have one from dawn that is years old and still has the old sponge on it. Very disappointed.
just don't waste your money it did nothing this product did not work at all....... : (
Order was damaged and never got to m e.g. but I also did not get a credit
I didn't even receive it!!!!
have been waiting for 20 days without hope to get it
I only received one bottle. Why would I pay $37 for one bottle? Returning item.
Never arrived, so I wouldn't know how well this toilet paper works.
Very disappointed, not the item I order!!
None of the three can be unscrewed. I have to pur it into another working bottle.
Too bulky and uncomfortable.
Product box was torn open and product expires in less than 2 months. Would NOT buy from this company again
This doesn't work for me. Neither does a melatonin supplement. I wish it did something.
These don't work at all. It never predicted my ovulation even when I knew it was happening. Gave me so many false positives on pregnancy tests. Bleeds down the entire strip literally every time.
This was a nice thin lighter for cigarettes, not bulky in the pocket. However a week ago, conveniently out of the return warranty, I can't get it to charge. I've used the charger it came with, plus others that fit the port.
This stuff tastes really bad. After one bowl in my pipe, I had to go to my neighbors house. They have a cat, so I went through the litter box to find something to chew on to get the bad taste out of my mouth!! There's nothing honey or rosey about this stuff!
Stole my money and haven't given it back . I never received the package . Don't buy from here
dissolved .... something is seriously wrong with the material these are made of .. it got all soft and sort of melted..
I was a hefty dose of 5mg daily for a specific health related issue that folic acid is supposed help. After 3 months of 5mg daily of this product, my numbers came in worse. The specialist explained that what I was taking was a synthetic and not what I wanted, he said real product is listed as Methyl Folate. Maybe this works for some people but my labs show it did not help me.
Is not water resistant and the usb charging cord didn't charge it up properly.
Does not mix well! Hot or cold! Stays thick sticky and clumpy! Ive tried 3 now and this ones the worst.
Product arrived completely melted together. I was unable to use them.
This guard is Very big and bulky when in your mouth. It's marketed as a anti snore device, but it doesn't work for that at all. Snore just as badly as always have; but now can't close my mouth to sleep while wearing this because it's huge and uncomfortable 😣
Never received ups delivered to wrong address got a refund so can't leave a review
I ordered the mixed scents but I received ALL Coronado Cherry. Very disappointed!
Did not fit at all. Returning.
This is the second time I am writing stating that the envelope where you placed the Laneige Lip Balm(grapefruit) was empty. Your company never placed the product in the envelope. I will like to have the product or reimburse my money back. Thank you!
This was not the product I received. I received 3 of the regulat preggie pop drops. Not the plus that I ordered.
Didn't work for me. I feel like it hurts and it's not comfortable to wear.
Had a gout attack and applied this many times throughout the day and it did nothing. Thoroughly disappointed.
I won't say this is garbage but I had absolutely no good effects from it. No different for me than water.
Just use it once and I promise you I'll throw it away
Broken on arrival. Piece of garbage. It's totally unusable and potentially dangerous with contents under pressure in a damaged can. Do not buy.
Very disappointed in this product. I thought it would be great because you could adjust the firmness by they amount of air you put in. I was wrong. The seams left me with cuts and scratches on my legs. Not good when your trying to recover from surgery. I returned it and ordered a standard leg pillow.
What a waste! Broke within 2 days and the company won't allow me to return it. I purchased this to help hand items to my children in the 3rd row of the SUV and it broke before I could even use it in the car. I used it to grab a box of salt on a shelf I can't reach and the trigger went limp and the claw part just got stuck apart. I tried putting the pieces back together and they just pop apart every single time. Don't waste your money.
You need to let people know that this product contains gelatin!
When I opened box, all of the OxiClean was spilled out into the box. The lid had come off, so I don't know if it had been opened prior to shipping or not. If a product does not have a pull tab, then it should be taped so lid doesn't pop off. I lost about 1/3 of product.
The dust that comes out
Tasted terrible and made me sick - gave me colitis. Threw it away.
Chips are broken into tiny pieces in EVERY BAG! I'll just go to the store and by them from now on.
Unfortunately I took to long to unpack this and when I opened the box it didn't work. Missed the window to return. :(
Burned my skin, could not use.
Worst experience with product. It came apart when pkg was received. I open the headband pkg only 3 were good but came apart with in a minute.
It is not the real Summer's Eve. The smell & consistency are not what I'm used to when I buy it at the store. Don't waste your money, go to Walgreens.
Much smaller than shown or someone has really small hands. I can't imagine it long enough for couples. Since its a small bullet vibrator inserted in a dildo don't expect it toi vibrate all over. It only vibrates at the joint where its inserted. The texture is good. Not necessarily as firm as I would like but do able. The remote lights up but doesn't works. My biggest disappointment is the size. I was expecting much wider and longer. Make it 3 times bigger with 2 bullets, fix the remote and I think they would have a good product.
I used this product to help me focus. Their was no flavor and that really disappointed me.
I took these for a few weeks and they did give me a little energy but then they started to give me the worst anxiety and panic attacks I've ever had. thought i was going to have a heart attack.
Very unsteady..I do not recommend at all. This product is a total piece of junk. Do not waste your money!
I purchased this for my 92 year old father. After I took the time to set it up, I was very disappointed in this product. Why would you not have an adapter included in this purchase, to be able to plug it into the wall? It works with batteries, only, and when you are elderly, on a fixed income, you cannot keep purchasing batteries. I immediately returned it.
This item sucks. I got it as a gift for my girlfriend and at first it worked okay. She came back to it a week later and tried to use it again and it wouldn't work. I would have never bought this terrible device from this terrible company had I known it would work once and break. DO NOT BUY THIS
Too much suction causes the motor to stop moving. I would avoid this product.
I've purchased Burts bees shampoo for years for my children with sensitive skin and this is the first time I've ever had the shampoo be this runny and watery. I feel like the manufacturer watered down the product perhaps to spread across more bottles perhaps, and I am very dissatisfied because it's shooting out like water and never have I had this problem before buying directly from Burts bees in the grocery store or other sellers on Amazon. I really would want my money back, and I'm never one to do that sort of thing.
Tried this product, did not like it. I'm 5'3 and weigh about 130lbs. This product rubbed me raw and did not help at all with my back! The product pushes on the back of your neck making your neck go forward and not be straight. Even though the product comes with pads it runs REALLY bad. Would not recommend this product. I read all the wonderful reviews and figured this one was good. Nope! If anything this product will give you a hump!
I bought this as a replacement for the last heating pad I had. It was this same make a model. This version does not get hot even on the hottest setting. I have to check to make sure it is on. The rough side gets a little hotter the the soft side.Disappointing the last one was so perfect. Update I purchased this November 13th and I have the Flashing F on it.
I did not receive the money
I clean professionally and when these are wet they disintegrated in my clients sinks.
I returned this after one nights use. I have worn braces during the night for years. Bought this one and hated it. The little beads inside were noisy and unnecessary. Went back to a traditional brace
Product smells great, warming action - did not minimize tendonitis pain at all.
The product refers to using a tongue scraper. I bought several bottles. Not ONE tongue scraper was included WTF?
if you have ever bought the real Blue-Emu, you would know the difference. This is a liquid in a jar, most disgusting cream i have ever seen, this is a liquid, NOT a cream! Should NOT be allowed to call this As Compared to anything.
They already unravel
Horrible! Suction is awful! Don't even waste your money. I read all the reviews that said the suction is terrible but I bought it anyways to try it out, wish I didn't. The saline is great tho!
If I ever saw a pure piece of Junk, this Fitbit Surge has to take the prize...
Additionally, they are no longer available to purchase. Seems a waste of time and money.
It's plugged in, light is one, yet I smell nothing when I get in my car. Disappointed in this.
This was too heavy to relieve neck pain and very awkward to use. The massage "balls" were also too far apart for my neck size. I returned it.
Understandably meal powders do not always taste the greatest but I can not choke this one down...waste of my money. Not even my husband will drink it and he's not picky...
These batteries are supposed to be exactly like the ones I bought from my local vape shop.....they sure dont last as long. Not so sure these are legit.
I honestly don't understand how this product has so many five star reviews. I've used it now for a few weeks on many different kinds of stains and on many different fabrics and I have seen NO impact. It seems like the equivalent of spraying water on the clothes and hoping for the best. Disappointed. I was really hoping for a new hero!
This is a piece of crap, am really upset for this fake advertisement, am a body builder and as soon as I used this for the first time my lower back started hurting and I had to stop, what a waist of time am returning this right away, am gonna get back to using the belt that I always used wich is Ace back stabilizer that one works for me when it comes to heavy lifting
I was so excited to try this. But I was very much let down by this product. Not only does it NOT take off my eye makeup it has a slight burning sensation. Very uncomfortable!! Definitely Not what I was anticipating. Especially after reading the reviews. At $13 this is a complete waste of money for me. I'd return it but I threw away the box & don't want to spend more money for packaging. Bottom line This product is misleading & it Does NOT Work =\
Very flimsy. Waste of money.
This pillow is very hard. I woke up with a headache. It was returned with no problems.
I buy woolite for dark clothes all the time. this product is white and NOT the same thing!
The insoles are okay, but when they arrived, they came in a shredded box that had been taped back together. So I think they were used.
The original product was wonderful but they changed their formula. Now it contains citrus (bergamot) which is an allergen for me. You need to update the pictures.
These did not work at allllll! Couldn't maintain the humidity in my small humidor. Don't waste your money
This unit "died" within a year. Had it replaced and the new one also "died". Replacement also died within a year and was replaced. Sadly the replacement for the replacement lasted 14 months and also died. Was offered a 25% discount to purchase a new fitbit. Still $200 for a unit that has consistently died within 8-14 months. Don't waste your $.
I didn't receive what I ordered!!!! I ordered a 23 AE battery, and I got a 23 A battery. I need an ae battery and no store in my area has one. Thus why I ordered it online. Needless to say I'm very upset!!!!
It didn't keep my chin strapped down. Apparently it didn't alleviate the snoring.
I could literally take one of these and go right back to sleep, doesn't do anything, very disappointed.
Please just take a few minutes to better package your body wash lost half of one of my bottles due to spill thank you
The smell is so bad I couldn't possibly use it during the day. I've used it one night and am not looking forward to trying it again, but will do so as the effects are supposed to be good, but the smell is making it almost prohibitive to me, already looking for a different product, very disappointed :(
The batteries not full power almost dead
Zippers all became unuseable. the bag now sags almost down to the wheel because the strap wont hold tight. the zippers dont close and are stuck. The bag just sits open. I cant use it for my belongings because they may fall out. I could put gum in it or maybe a snack...nothing of value. I am largely in one location and rarely travel....the bag had light use.
No body should buy from you again you people are wicked look how long the product expires an you know it an still ship it off to me wicked
Received a pair of tweezers instead of the filters. Good job.
they broke two days after getting them
Battery wont charge. Only comes on for 2 seconds.
I have one Dohm white noise machine that works very well. I ordered another for a separate room but am really disappointed. This white noise machine smells like it's burning when it runs so I do not use it. The button sticks like other reviewers stated. Spend $20 more for the deluxe model.
The bag with the hoes was wrinkled and not sealed.A nozzle was attached to the hose.
Bought this for someone else. It's only two weeks old and there's no display on the screen. He finally got it to work with an app but I bought this particular one so they wouldn't have to use an app. But alas, that is the only way it is working at this point.
Product arrived as a solid mass. It's as hard as a hockey puck. Product cant be scooped up, or rubbed into palms, or applied. It's a rock. You can scratch some off with a fingernail or still bristle brush, but then you have little wax-like balls of product. I haven't ordered this product before. I'm guessing it isn't supposed to be like this?
Unfortunately this oil just smelled more chemically than basil. I was disappointed i really wanted to like it but i just don't. I love basil unfortunately this oil didn't smell very much like basil
Paid for the set w 200 strips for $49.99 but only received a box w 100 strips. Where is the rest of my order?
Returning this immediately as the kid was cracked and the safety seal was open, spilling powder into the envelope. Never Odering from them again.
I gave this pill holder only one star because it clearly states that you are purchasing two of them. When I received mine, I only got one. I contacted the seller to let them know and I got a response back, telling me that they were sending me a second bottle. That was a month ago and I never got it. I'm guessing that customer satisfaction and keeping your word is not very important to these people, but it is to me. If I could have given this zero stars I would have. There is nothing spectacular about this particular pill holder, so you would be better off finding a similar product from a better seller.
The lock broke only used one week.
Items are low quality and not necessarily made to work together as a set. the "diverter" is the lowest quality of the bunch. The only instructions are a diagram of a different product connected to a water line on a toilet. The hardware in the picture is not even included with the set. The diagram looks like it was made on a drawing program by a 12 year old at best. I connected the diverter to my shower and it sprayed water all over my bathroom and ceiling and did not effectively divert the water. To accomplish my goal, I ended up scrapping most of the parts and rigging up something from my own hardware. In short feel the this item dose not do what it is advertised to do and at least half the parts are junk of the lowest quality possible. I recommend buying the diverter from Delta and your own hose and tips separately on amazon and build your own "kit"
My daughter liked the flavor but it didn't really help her gas
Didn't work for me. Was recommended for Migraine but contains ragweed to which I am allergic, so it caused me to be dizzy.
This is not the original I bought before. The photo that I checked when I ordered was for a different floss that has now been discontinued. Another reviewer on here has a package of both side by side. Before I was able to buy 6 packages that each contained 6 packs of the correct original floss. This time I received 6 packs of floss that I can buy at any drugstore around here for much less than almost $10 apiece!
Far to powerful very disappointed
Do not buy this product from Amazon it's fake just go GNC or Vitamin Shoppe but the real one
I really wanted to like this product as I would much rather give my money to an Amazon brand than the big brands such as Cascade which spend a ton of money on advertising and I don't think offer anything all that innovative. However, compared to other generic brands this just doesn't stand up. Dishes frequently don't come out clean and the packs often don't fully release. For awhile I thought it was my dishwasher, but went back to a previous brand and the problem is solved.
Much smaller than a traditional worry stone. The stone is pretty, a deep rich green but way too small. The worse part is that you can't return it
These things are completely useless for washing dishes! They don't hold any water or soap and are floppy and thin and not good for scrubbing. I threw mine in the trash. :(
Ordered it and it never arrived. Amazon says I can't contact the seller now.
Buyer BEWARE. Do not buy - No Return Policy!!!!!!!! I accidentally ordered the wrong size lid for my cup, and when I went to return, then found they have a no return policy. Not cool. Not cool.
Way too small band ! Doesn't extend.. partner feels his area is going to loose oxygen cause it's so tight.. other than That it's good
worthless and the so called "prime" that I pay for won't let me return it! Watch urself w this one!
I bought 6 bags of this coffee. Tasted fine. But, I no longer want anything from the Dominican Republic. I dumped the last bag out.
Unfortunately I received a damaged package. Wouldn't purchase from this seller again.
I have purchased close to 100 protein shakes with the Premier label, mostly vanilla and chocolate, and all good. This powdered stuff just went in the garbage. Absolutely undrinkable! I counted on this company to provide a concentrate product at least comparable to the shakes. Bought the chocolate version too-same disgusting slop! Great way to lose your customer base PREMIER! If I don't get a refund I'm done with this deceptive company!
Worst quality inserts I have ever used. Flattened out to the thickness of paper right away. Bunched and gathered into lumps. Threw the rest away without even using them.
I don't know if this product is even authentic but the bottle was fully wrapped but only 3/4 full!!!
Gave my boys the runs. I'm sure it was these vitamins.
Junk. It is very flimsy and small, so it didn't stay in place in any chair or seat. I regretted not saving the packaging.
Company didn't look at my order and sent wrong cast for leg instead of foot. What a waste of time!
Was hoping for the best with this product as oppose to other harsh chemicals. I was very disappointed after finding that my 2yo was bit more than 12 times after being outside for 45 min. Waste of money.
Very cheaply made. Please do not purchase
Product came ripped an punctured, cheaply made ):
The product I ordered was discontinued and a different one sent. I returned the order but don't know if my account has been credited.
Expired within month not good for use
Fell right off first time I wore the heels with them on. Left tons of sticky stuff on my heels.
This ankle brace is so much more difficult to put on than any others that I have used. It takes about 5 steps and being very agile to put it on. It bunched up under my arch which caused a large blister and was very uncomfortable and very hard to fix. I have gone back to using the lace up one from my orthopedic doctor.
Was damaged by leaking bottle of fantastic in same box
the tub came half full. my protein powder always lasts me about a month. this one only about 12 days! doesn't seem right especially for this price.
Originally gave this a 5 star rating but after finding out this is hollow and can come apart in pieces choking a child I've lowered the rating as far as I can go! They should remove this and no longer sell it. Attached are photos.
This product was just delivered to my home and was leaking all over the box. It had the seal on it but it still leaked. I do not want to return it because it's such a mess but I would like either a refund or a replaced product
I ordered two of these for baby gifts, and they were delivered to my elderly neighbors house yesterday. Her son brought them over this morning! Please deliver to my P.O. box instead for this reason!
Absolutely doesn't clean the bowl at all. Instructions state to use multiple packets for a first time use. Uh not for that price. But the solution sits in the tank for 8+ hours & the bubbles are basically gone before you are supposed to flush. Does NOTHING.
I would never buy these again. I got a bad battery. I put two batteries in a clock. The damn clock got so hot I thought it was going to catch fire. I don't know if there are any more bad batteries in the box. I'm throwing them away. Very disappointed!
It affected my heart Painful sensation
There were either zero suction or very very little suction. This is disturbance.
I never received my order. Had an email that my order was delivered but checked through my security camera Amazon never came to deliver. Had to order again. Will never order anything from Amazon again because this is not the first time. The delivery department need to do better.
After I bought this product I saw a notification that it dangerous to use!
It doesn't have any function. Don't accept returning.
I tried to contact you before I initiated the refund so you can do your best to make it right like you sent me in the email but this product does not work well does not work for me at least so I'm returning the empty bottle because it says to let it work for a few weeks because it builds up with absolutely no success I will except nothing else based on your return policy and hundred percent guarantee then a complete refund please
Bad!! My daughter couldn't sleep after taking this is made her irritated and she was acting weird I do not recommend this for anyone's child!
This is not for anyone over a size B basically. Also very convenient that you can't even return it. A huge waste of money and incredibly frustrating
Horrible very sharp painful to use.
This tastes so bad. I need to take it, so I hold my nose, chew it up, swallow, and immediately eat something.
First, the sponge was so small, I'm not sure how it stayed in the box. The box has an open window design. I could have taken the sponge out of the hole instead if opening the box. Second, the sponge never increased in size after water absorption. Third, the sponge texture is nothing like the pictures. The pictures look like a wool sponge. This is definitely not a wool sponge. Lastly, the sponge is much too rough for a child's skin, let alone a baby. I would never use this sponge on a child or baby. It was scratchy on my skin. Not soft at all. I've used softer for my car.
I was really looking forward to using this product but it arrived broke. The glass was mixed up with the oil so I couldn't use it.
It's already broken down come to me Sucks~~~~~
This broom does not extend - like some of the questions asked suggests. It is 34' from top of handle to end of bristles. The picture with the lady holding the broom is very misleading, it has been photoshopped larger for sure. Broom itself is not as wide as normal brooms and all of it seems plasticky and toy like.
$16 is too high of a price for this $1 worthy piece of crap. I really hate posting negative reviews but this one deserves all the honesty there is to share. The machine is extremely hard to use due to the slider requiring the strength of Hercules to pack just 1 cigarette and it does NOT pack them well.
I received two wraps and both are latex free. The description says contains latex. They are not nearly as sticky as the latex versions. Beware!
This is a terrible deal. Just go to any drug or grocery store and buy peroxide there.
I purchased this cream for my mother before she starts radiation. We spoke to her doctor, and they do not recommend this cream for certain types of cancer/radiation, primarily because it has alcohol in it. The item is still in its original packaging, and no seals have been broken, but it is not returnable. I did not realize this. This cream is very expensive not to be used. Wasting money is not an option when the family is footing all of the expenses.....I am genuinely disappointed with Amazon today!!!
First thing I noticed was there were no instructions on how and how much of the product to use. Then I tried to open the bottle. The lid was ridiculously tight. I gave it to my husband who was able to open it after much effort, only to find the glass dropper shattered in the liquid. I am so mad and really regret buying this product. We got ripped off.
This product has never been delivered. Numerous calls have been made to resolve issue. Poor customer service from seller.
Hurrah for a product that has little to no scent and also falls down almost immediately. If failing in all areas is cool, consider these Miles Davis.
I can't tell any difference from when I take them and when I don't.
Omg the bottles are small, and the basket it bends easy.. Not worth the money.
Damaged item shipped and package also damaged.
They did not help with my jet lag, flew to Rome was tired as hell.....waste of money
very disapointed! arrive broken, and the seller never responded!!!
Product was not delivered
It taste like cherry cotton balls baking soda and they don't work. f-
had to return it did not fit
This is not the product that was advertised. This is a pack of a multitude of flavors. As someone who is allergic to cocoa I bought this thinking it was just the non chocolate flavors. In fact, most of this pack is chocolate. To make matters worse, this product is non-returnable. Would NOT recommend this product.
When wearing nylons, these def do not work
I advise you to look elsewhere for your baby shampoo. This shampoo is runny, comparable to the texture and thickness of water. The first time I used it, the pump disintegrated into 3 pieces. I had to pour the shampoo into a different bottle to use it. The shampoo is thin and runny, and I have to pour it onto the hair, because it runs right through my hand when I try to pour it there. You have to use way more shampoo, just trying to get it to lather. Will never buy again!
I have loved all of the Quest Nutrition powders I have tried (vanilla milkshake, chocolate milkshake, peanut butter & salted caramel) so I assumed I would love the Cinnamon Crunch as well. I was wrong. I don't know what it is but I felt sick to my stomach after drinking a shake and the taste made me want to vomit. Taste is subjective so you might love it but for me, I won't be getting this flavor again. Still love the Quest bars and other Quest protein powders.
I got reactions and I can't tolerated. I want to return.
Don't waste your money. I didn't get any wax off these while trying them. I should of returned them
The arm cuff is so stiff that it was very painful to use. The soft cuff would be so much better.
I can't review the product because I never received it, and the seller is unresponsive.
Packaging is not the best! Letters are bent! Wouldn't reorder items from same business!
does not stay in place
Lids at all broken, can't even use.
Instead of sending me what I ordered, they sent me sharp razors rolled in a brown paper package that I'm not even sure what they're for.............thanks.
product arrived with pills melted and stuck together - not usable. Bottle was shipped without dessicant.
I bought this the FIRST time and after a month and half the butterfly went out. It has a shortage. So I had to return it and get a new one and once AGIAN it did the SAMETHING!!! This product is horrible and a waste of money ! I'm so disappointed in this. Please save ur money and invest in a better one ! 😡😡😡😡😡
I ordered these because they said they were sold and shipped by GNC. GNC shipping is top notch and they never arrive busted because of all the wrapping. These said they were shipped and sold by GNC, but they were obviously not shipped by GNC! Arrived with 3 busted and liquid all over the box. I'm done with Amazon.. I've had too many products not delivered and not refunded now, and too many FAKE PRODUCTS, and now this?! I'm done! I'll go to Vitamin Shoppe and pay the extra $2 to actually get what I paid for. At least I know they won't be busted. Amazon is starting to suck!
Not working for me so far don't see any difference as yet will keep on using it for now and see what happens.
Did not do much for me
Started out well. After using one week the system start not working correctly, got really noisy and actually stop pulsating motion. Had to return it.
Late ship because package was lost BY amazon. BOTH ITEMS SHIPPED OUT DEFECTIVE AFTER BEING REPACKED IN ORGINAL PACKAGING.
both the think thin protein bars I purchased have a awful taste, I got lemon and chocolate strawberry. what a wastes of money, they were really bad
Apparently they resend out returned product. I am at the edge of a cliff with my anxiety and have so many restrictions on what prescriptions I can take. After a TON of research I came across this and was so hopeful, even rushed my order (at an extra $$) just to open it today and see it's USED. so disappointed I've just cried. Fed up. Feel like my trust in all company's is just dwindling. Yes, the clear plastic seal had even been replaced over a bottle that had been opened and returned. Pictures included. I will be contacting Amazon or this company for refund.
this did absolutely nothing for me
Damaged my ultrasonic difuser melted it
no noticeable relief of pain although I do have a severe hip joint problem. I'm waiting for a replacement.
Paid but didnt get it. It think it's a fraudulent act
Item was never delivered at mailbox as stated... Even went to the post office two separate times and nothing left... Robbery
The BP meters already HAVE power adapters and they do not tell you No Returns! See dozens of other 1 and 2 star reviews, same problem.
Did not work compared to other brands. Was terrible
this is the biggest rip off. it didn't cost alot but its a total sham .this thing does nothing. save yourself time and effort and don't give these people a penny.
I ordered two packages, one arrived fine, the other arrived with one bottle broken.
Worthless and it doesn't work
About 10 pumps in the trigger broke. Not impressed. I bought these to use to bottle a product I'm selling. Now I'm concerned that the poor craftsmanship of the bottle will reflect on my product.
Dye or paint washes off in sink .. do not ise
I've been using these for two months and I've yet to get a surge. I can barely get two lines. I'm following all Directions (holding pee for over 3 hours, laying flat to dry, only dipping for 3 seconds to max line, etc). Im extremely frustrated as I've now wasted two months of tracking for nothing.
I dont know I ordered on may 11th and we are now in July and still haven't even got the product yet
never received this product
My daughter's result became dark green immediately! the reviews of this product pretty much convinced me that i was having a grandson. That's a boy right? Nope. Blood test shows she's having a girl! If you want something to pretend you know, then by all means, buy it. But this product is 50/50 to get it right. I would've been better off putting a gender on a little piece of paper, and pulling it from a hat. Total rip off. Don't waste your money!
If I could give it zero starts I would I was fortunate to get the correct charger but it literally doesn't work won't come on been charging for 11 hours. It's garbage and less than 12 hours after receiving its “not eligible for return” of course it's not since it doesn't work
This is the worse !! I don't think they sent the actual product. It has a horrible smell and it's very sticky.
this is the nastiest children's vitamin ever made. all 4 of our grandkids refuse to eat them because of the taste. I tried it too & have to agree. and we can't return it. do NOT buy. Ewwww!
This is such a gimmick. First of all, they didn't line up to my brows even close because the entire stencil was bent or twisted in some way from the time it was made. Out of 5 I recall only 1 being made properly but still nothing I could use on my face.
I was shipped the wrong formula! I got the regular orange premium toddler formula !! And no returns???
This product did not work as stated it would. I tried it several times with different loads of laundry and there was never anything inside and I have a dog who sheds terribly and I know there is hair in my wash.
The don't fit my plastic glasses. I about broke them wanting this item to work.
Ordered a four pack and only received 3 would like my money for the forth bottle back. This is the second time I have had a problem receiving this item the first time I didn't receive the order at all now I was shorted a bottle. it was in a bag that said sold as a set do not seperated but the bag had been open
I ordered those diapers on November 28th on Prime 2 day shipping, and it's now December 5th and they didn't arrive. Very upset since I have to buy the small diaper package from Wal-Mart until I wait for those diapers to arrive.
I took this for depression. and I had some knee problems already. But this made my knee problems worse.
Didn't seem to do anything.
The product is wonderful, but the last time I ordered, I never received the product. Iwas waiting more than 36 hours, it was suposed delivered June 29, i don't know what to do.
Don't buy this! It's not working at all!
Product is GREAT have ordered 8 lbs several times before, for some reason this time the packaging opened at the seam and about 2 lbs was wasted and ended up in a puddle of unknown clear oil on my linen closet flood, not sure if the flakes in the bag melted and leaked out maybe what the unknown oil was.....I've never had this problem before. Since I also use the oil to make my own magnesium oil spray, come to think of it that's what the oil felt like. Haven't found anything else in the linen closet that has spilled or leaked other than these flakes. Contacting Amazon to find out course of action since about 2 lbs was wasted
Very disappointed. I was sent a completely different item from what I ordered and just now I find out it's not eligible for return. I ordered Rhodiola 60 caps, but received Bitter Melon 30 caps. I feel like I was robbed.
Product was damaged. Never rectified
Don't stay on even just sitting around. Must be made for extremely petite feet.
I don't think this product mixes with my body chemistry in order to curtail my lack of sleep.
the pad was vey hard and the closing in the back is hard to do
They did not help straighten my fingers. I'm not using them anymore. I would not waste my money on these again.
The product received is NOT as shown in the listing; received 2 refill packs, NOT the dispensers! Totally dissatisfied. DO NOT order this unless you only want the refills.
Came late for my important interview and is not eligible for return!
Does not turn on despite being fully charged. Poor quality
not at all what I was expecting. not much to the shoe-more like an athletic sock
4 compartments per day, each with its own flip up lid, and each compartment is small.
I wore this every day for at lest a year and it did not help me.
I have ordered these in the past and loved them. I could not be more disappointed that I ordered these in bulk as I have before, however this time they're far from “cool touch”. These are standard, thin, crappy, rough tissues. I feel completely duped.
Would not get this again. There is no way this is pure clary sage. I had it burning for ten minutes and now it just smells like jojoba oil.
I'm sorry but these are just nasty. Wore them once for half a day - they pick up every bit of lint like a magnet. They are supposed to be antimicrobial but this morning I had to go on a search for the strange odor in my house. Turned out to be these little beasts. And, no, it was not my feet, for those of you who might be wondering - LOL. I had to put them in a zip lock bag to eliminate the plastic/silicon odor. As far as being effective as heel cushions they are just fine - maybe I got a bad pair, but these puppies are going back.
Came with two huge splits down the length of the toy right out of the box. No option for a refund or exchange so essentially just a complete waste of money. Do yourself a favor and order something better quality.
No I sent them back the next day because they were covered in mold and had a terrible odor
The flavor of these sucked. The texture also was bad. They will not let you return these so just don't buy them
I got these supposedly without any correction as a way to help with my all day screentime addiction/job. If I wear them and try to read anything at all (vision is slightly blurry looking through them) it feels like I'm going cross-eyed and I get a headache within seconds.
The above item has not been received yet... It has been almost 1week above the dead like I was given. And the one star I gave is just cause they wouldn't allow me to upload the comment without a rating. So that makes it a bad experience.
Red light on remote flashes, so it's getting power. Other than that little flashing light, nothing else works.
I was looking forward to taking Mastic Gum. My package arrived. No plastic Seal around the cap and the bottle was open. Wasted time and money. Do not order from them. Get them from somewhere else.
It did not work with my watch though it is the same specification, looks like a dead battery
Do not believe the good reviews, they can be bought and paid for. I ordered this because I have issues balancing and five minutes into using it for the first time, it was clear it was made as a carnival ride. The rubber grips are too wide for the thin metal legs causing the chair to shake from side to side. When you try to even out, unless you're a world class surfer of some kind, you end up falling either into the wall or out of the shower completely. This will be regardless of your size or athletic abilities. I'm pretty sure there's a hidden camera somewhere in the seat to capture the hilarity at the expense of anyone who makes the mistake of ordering one of these chairs.
Had to use SO much to feel any suds.
It's disappointing when you put so much effort in planning an event and come to find that an hour later after the balloons have been inflated with helium they seems to be deflating and by the time the even starts, they're pretty much gone. Not worth the money nor paying to get them inflated.
I didn't feel it worked at all. I was totally shocked at being charged full price a week after paying shipping for doing your survey. Never ever again. :(
Not worth it. Battery door wouldn't even stay on. It's junk
Empty padded envelope sent. No product shipped!
This product came with a cracked cap and was all over the place. It also did not smell right. Disappointed to say the least. But in true AMAZON fashion they were prompt about a refund.
I am very disappointed in the product. It leaves behind the majority of the dust despite the claim that it is treated. I had been using a Swiffer cloth and thought this would be an improvement. It is a lesser quality product for dust pick-up. It's not worth the time and effort to return them so I am stuck using them. I'll have to spray them with Endust, which is what I had hoped to avoid.
Tried to set up humidor using distilled water. Interior wood is not accepting moisture from water. Also no instructions so I had to go on You Tube for assistance. Need to reorder
Awful. won't stay fastened. Tried to return it but that's when I found out it was non returnable. doesn't say it anywhere on the product page.
It doesn't fit, I will be returning it back asap! Thanks...
Horrible, came in all chunky gross had to returned never opened the bottle
Didn't really notice a difference and could barely smell anything in the solution. I don't think this works nearly as well as Vicks Vapo Rub. The original stuff is still the best.
Waste of money. I expected it to actually be cold when left in the freezer. It does not do that at all. Better off with a regular ice pack.
Really bad in flavor and texture
I usually love these bars. They are soft and chewy but this time I received them and they were hard and discolored. They seemed to have subjected to either hot or cold temp and were not good at all.
I am having problems with product because the applicator seems to be causing an irritant. Therefore I need to know the exact content of the ingredients of its manufacturing
No! Do not buy. Horrible.
Container was sealed but only half full very disappointed!
Some charcoal products are beneficial but this particular one is for other purposes. I felt sick soon after taking it. It does disrupt any other medications you may be taking. Please be careful when purchasing products for your face and internal use. This product was not for me.
I bought these to reduce static cling without dryer sheets. I swear, these made the static cling worse. Save your money. Try the plastic or rubber balls (I know, but at least they do the job).
Useless. Weak heat. Vibrate is uncomfortable.. really Cheaply made!
I find myself using about 4 times as much as I used from other brands to get the same results. In addition, the item was had a poor seal. Had large clumps in it when opened.
Nope. Didn't work. At all.
The fur comes apart!
I bought this product many times this one arrives with very intense alcohol taste versus others mainly the remedy taste and hint of alcohol, doesn't work and not eligible for return.
We never opened box. My husband didn't need it after we ordered. His foot was not broken. I'm sure it is a great product. Can't rate if never opened Thanks
They smell horrendous and are not as easy to put on as the other brand I was purchasing. I will not purchase again.
This stuff is awful. Way too much Stevia makes it sickening sweet plus that awful Stevia after taste. I'll just go back to putting Hawaiian sea salt in my water.
Feels cheap and way too small for the advertised size. Didn't work for us.
Horrible contraption. I woke up scratching my instep and ankle from poor fitting Velcro and upper part of brace
Worst gloves we've ever purchased! The gloves tore almost EVERY time you donned a glove. I would send them back if it didn't cost so much.
The whole in the middle of the pillow is so thin that I can feel the surface of my bed. I only find some comfort when I'm on my side and my face is laying on the edge of the pillow. This pillow is not firm enough and needs more neck support. My neck has been in more pain for this first week than it's ever been with a regular pillow.
Opened my bottle and found a thick white substance all around the bottle. I have ordered before and never seen this before. Also, I can't return this product 😒 do yourself a favor and just buy from the store.
Does not work after few days
I don't know if the formula for this product has changed or my tastebuds 😳, but the strawberry flavor is so terrible! I purchased it a year or so ago and it was delicious, almost like a milkshake. This time I could barely get one sip down because it unbearably sweet. I got an instant stomachache...I would not recommend this product to anyone anymore
I would not buy these again. That gave me two false positives and left evaporation lines.
This did not work in my car. Felt it was a waste of money.
Not strong enough for my foot. But thanks
I have come to the conclusion this stuff does not work for me.
I'm sure this is a great product, but I paid extra for fast shipping. 5 days later it still had not shipped. I cancelled the order and ordered it from a local drugstore. I had it the next day.
This smells significantly stronger than the green dawn we usually use, and just smelling my hands after using it triggered an asthma attack in my wife and she needed to take her inhaler. She has no trouble with regular green dawn. Whatever they used for a fragrance in this product smells terrible, is highly irritating, and they put way too much of it in for a product that is marketed as having "no dies or strong perfumes".
I couldn't understand why these were so cheap and now I know. They're stale. I'm very dissatisfied.
This company gets its good reviews by telling you that you will get a free item for leaving a reivew on their page then they will upload it to amazon with their third party review system This product is trash so do not fall for the positive reviews they are all bribed .
This is creepy. I think these pills are fake. The brand cannot be found anywhere else on the internet and the phone number on the bottle is some random persons number.
Bought it for my son, and after a week it no longer holds a charge.
Ask them where their materials are sourced from and then compare it to the name of the product.
It was not chemically active when I received it. Totally useless.
You make theses bags look so big ,it's no bigger then a wal- mart bag, for the price it cost , they are not worth it ,I won't ever need buying any thing else from you ,they look really big in the picture I guess I should have read more ,I'm so disappointed,
smell is too strong and has no effect on hair loss
Havent used it yet because its a gift but the box it comes in (not the shipping box) was crushed in on one side.. So now I get to give a gift that makes me look like I didnt care enough to choose a unbroken product...bad form! Hopefully the massager didnt get damaged!!
I ordered the prime choice which included 2 bottles however when the order arrived the bag only contained 1 bottle instead of the 2 I paid for.
Paid extra for the next day shipping for my sister's son since he was running out and it ended up getting lost in transit and I got a refund smh
This item is terrible. The straps go in different directions and don't lay down flat. So they were constantly coming loose. And to make it worse, they won't let you return the item.
DO NOT PURCHASE PRODUCTS FROM NUTRACHAMPS. They solicited my private e-mail account offering me 2 free products from their storefront if I ordered one of their products at 20% off. Now they WILL NOT respond to my e-mails requesting they honor their offer. I have had similar problems with NUTRACHAMPS in the past. They do not honor the buy one and get one free offer that comes on their product. NUTRACHAMPS is unethical which unavoidably calls into question the validity and safety of their product. BUYER BEWARE!!
I had ordered the watermelon flavor once before so I was excited to try the blueberry flavor but when I opened the container I noticed the pre workout was hard as a rock :/
I ordered a Persian Red Henna and received a Red. Can't even return it....
Read the wonderful reviews and i thought i'd give it a go, but it clearly was not meant for me. I haven't had any luck with the products, but it works for other people which is good news. I guess i'll try something new then.
It hurts my foot really bad
Inaccurate product description. Image shows dispenser, but product is just refills for dispenser. Can't return this and item is very over priced for not having ther container.
Product didn't do anything and very cheaply made.
After confirming diameter 5-6 times, based on their measures I wasn't sure if I was a 5x or a 6x. Figured it was stretchy so opted for the smaller, 5x. It was huge by comparison to my needs. Tried to contact for a return. Absolutely no response.
I can easily move my thumb in this brace. Total crap. Returned.
I suppose this review could have been favorable if I received the variety pack like I ordered, but instead I received pink lemonade. Awful!
Dissapointing, bad quality dont buy
I used this tool in my office for about 6 months. I used it on average 7 times a day, 4 days a week and then it stopped working in the middle of treating a patient. I noticed the imprinted word "adjusting" on the side is spelled incorrectly. There is a hand written "serial" number on the handle. The seller would not replace it and suggested I get it fixed and then send him the bill to reimburse me. I told him no and wanted a 50 percent refund since it did serve its purpose for 6 months and I was offered a 25 percent refund. I wouldn't recommend this product or doing business with this seller. When it worked, it worked fine.
It started burning instantly. Ran and washed myself.. Threw away the bottle while moving out of hotel... What a waste of time nd money
Skip this product. It is the worst test product I have tried. Side effects everyday included painful stomach aches and headaches. I contacted Quantum T for a return but wouldn't accept it because I bought it via Amazon.
I was so excited to received my My brain pills. But I took two pills and my headache got worse
nothing special ,just like the rest hype
Caused vomiting nausea the very first day
The heating pad went out within a month
I really liked the fact that the ingredients list is very healthy, however it is sooo oily, I can't even wash it off without facial cleanser. Doesn't remove makeup too well. Feels like washing your face with olive oil....unfortunately disappointed.
Seem like fake Huggies. I bought some from costco, was awesome diapers but these are too light, keep on leaking
This product was quite a disappointment. The plastic roller piece ripped after one day. While trying to replace it, the plastic tabs broke, rendering the product useless. Tommy Chong is probably rolling in his grave to see this.
I bought these cells for my car remotes. Usually, a new cell will last for about 1.5 to 2 years for me. I have already used all of these cells. Each of them lasted only for a couple of months. I would definitely not purchase these from this seller.
Took a month to get the product. It finally arrived in an unmarked bucket with no label or no instructions.
this cup is too long for me, and very difficult to fold to make it shorter once its inside. nice idea though. its rims are rigid making it hard to insert. it is even more difficult to pull out, due to the placement of the holes. if you pinched it half way, it doesnt release the suction, and if you dig all the way up to pinch it, it scrapes uncomfortably against the cervix, not to mention the accidental pinching of the vaginal walls by my fingernails (and i keep my nails short). And after all, the whole reason that i bought this is because i am tight and shallow down there. I'm not a doctor, but based on my experience with this cup so far. I have had so much trouble removing this that i felt it tug on my uterus, and after pulling it out, I had abdominal cramps. I do not recommend this cup for the reason that its suction on the cervix is so strong. I don't doubt that if you pulled carelessly enough it might cause some serious problems.
I ordered batteries and received packets of liquid for a humidifier!!!! No batteries plus the order was placed almost two weeks ago.
Not a fan. Is too small and not wide enough. Also not returnable.
I REALLY wanted to like this product as it's made in America and supports Veterans. This tastes awful. I was excited that this could be ordered to be shipped monthly with a 15% discount, but it's not worth it at all. The Giant brand is much better.
It comes only one box. It supposed to come-in 3 boxes. And I am not satisfied with this Care Touch Alcohol Pads. Compare to the price, One pad is very small pad. However, in the picture, it shows bigger. Not satisfied at all with this Care Touch Alcohol Pads. People do not waste your money buying this product. You can buy better quality from somewhere else.
They got the order wrong everytime. No thanks, I can buy this without all the fuss elsewhere.
Product didn't work as stated. Followed directions and it's currently the 8th day and haven't seen any peeling or difference. Will not buy again. Very disappointed. Will be buying Baby Foot.
Although it is a great concept, the wax is way to hard to remove and gets on the lenses which takes a thorough cleaning to get it off. You have to put so much on for it to work that other people can see the wax and it just looks like your glasses are so dirty and gross from your face oils that it's built up massively.
Does not do what product advertises. Bought ACE version which provides more support.
None of the rings did the job. Either they were too big or too small. Sending them back.
Did not get what I ordered.. was only chocolate
Did not like them, they are too dry!
Buyers BE AWARE! I received this product in a open teared box and the expiration date is in a few weeks!!! In addition, this product CAN NOT be returned. Don't waste your $$$
Used it twice. Now it blinks like it's charging but once you take it off the charger it's dead.
When I first used it, it worked like a champ after 2 months it stopped working..
I needed some support for an ankle that has an issue, when walking for a while. This is not too supportive. Guess that's why it was inexpensive.
I would love to write a great review for this product. However, what I received is not the product that is shown and described here. I received a straight plain bullet vibrator from the same brand. Really quite disappointing that this kind of false advertising is allowed on Amazon.
These are shapeless and poorly fitted. Disappointed.
I can stomach most tastes, but this one is really bad. I mixed it in my berry smoothie which is usually good at masking tastes, but the Stevia was just too strong that it made me gag. Waste of my money, and I'm gonna have to throw it out.
Too wide to comfortably maneuver around a house. Not happy with the turn radius. Key to turn it on is beneath the steering handle. Lever to rotate the seat is very VERY difficult to use. I used several inches of pipe to extend it. The manufacture should have extended it. Poor design, simply fixed. Back up is faster than forward. Since I am short, the basket can not be reached. REALLY unhappy with this. Will be returning or selling it. Seems to be easy on the batteries.
Product label shown reads "Echinacea & Goldenseal Root", product I received read "Echinacea & Goldenseal" . The word "Root" does not appear on the label. No explanation given by maker/seller.
Would not recommend as it peels off in one day.
Did not notice any visible results.
Product stopped working after second use. I brought it for my office and it was great until it just didn't turn on anymore. I didn't contact the seller for return because I threw.away all packaging related to the item. Extremely upset. Shipping was very fast.
I truly regret wasting my money and time with this product. I took the entire contents sixty capsules with no results "pleased do not waste your money on this product the claims are false.
Very very overprice you can purchase same product from different company from Amazon's website for half a price or less
These threaders are a little bit different than the samples I receive from my dentist. Instead of being needle like, they are belt like and very easy to bend when I was trying to thread it under my bridge. I am not sure how genuine this product is.
We bought this item hoping it would fit a 50+ year old toilet. We could only truly test it when my elderly mother-in-law would visit. After several attempts it just did not work. I finally decided to return it and search again. I bought the item middle of May 2019 and again had to wait for the user to try it. I sent in the return request July 15 and was denied by the seller. Unbelievable! Be absolutely sure it will work on your size toilet or you will be left with a useless seat. Horrible return policy and customer service! BEWARE!
These are like horse pills! Why are they so big?
Maybe it's just me, but this product seems huge. I couldn't even place it.
My baby so scare of this vitamin because so fishy also no good 👎🏻
Received this product opened and the whey was spilled inside of box. Asked for a refund, but didn't get it yet
This wax doesn't hold well at all. It doesn't feel good on my fingers or in my mustache. Yes, wax feels tacky in your fingers but this is just sticky. It just didn't feel good. The strong hold was medium at best. I guess that you get what you pay for. I need to stick with Primary and Secondary wax.
Arrived broken! Wanted to return it but the return was never processed the seller!
Cuts off every 15 sec
Oil was everywhere and it was unsealed. Product box looked old. Don't recommend at all.
I took the OTC meds. They did not relieve any part of my allergy issues. I do not recommend buying these.
This product is completely fake because the packaging is completely different from the original that I already had.
Bought this and ended up not needing it, not eligible for return. Don't buy it if you may need to return
Hardly works and burned the absolute F*CK out of my skin. Left me with a chemical burn/dry skin. Don't buy this sh*t.
Never received product. I'm confused why it says delivered but also says ready for pick up? I never requested a pick up! I huge inconvenience and defeats the purpose of 2 day shipping.
i purchased it many times but last purchase looks and taste like well dried powdered hay.
I purchased this for my 9 month old. I was excited to give it to him. The first night he had it he started choking and threw up. While I was cleaning up his crib I noticed little seeds on his sheet. This stuffed animal had a hole in it and the seeds were coming out.
Ripped in the palm first day I had them. Total waste of 23 dollars
Ordered on January 9th, not scheduled to receive until sometime after Jan 20 to Feb 20, this is unacceptable.
I typically order RX bars but wanted to try something new and was impressed with the nutrition contents and ingredients. I so wanted to love these...but they are awful!! Do not waste your money, I will be returning them. They are so hard, I could hardly cut one in half with a very sharp large knife. From reviews people stated to try and put them in the microwave (by the way when you're on the go most people do not just have a microwave available, basically defeats the purpose of a bar), so I put one in the microwave and it was even worse. It was just gooey in some places and crusty and hard in others (and I only put it in for like 10 seconds) and tasted weird. Such a disappointment!
I purchased this device back in June. I have been exercising regularly for a few years now and I decided to treat myself to this item as a birthday present: BIG MISTAKE. When I work out, I exercise vigorously. I go to the gym to get a good, intense workout in and usually come out sweating. I do both cardio and weights, but this device runs into the most problems when it comes to cardio. The heart rate tracker literally cannot read through my sweat. Yes you read that correctly - A FITNESS TRACKER CANNOT READ YOUR HEART RATE THROUGH SWEAT. How ironic. My heart rate will jump (during intense, steady-state cardio) from 165 to 110 to a blank screen (as you can see in the photo attached) to 150, then 98, etc. I contacted Fitbit customer service and was sent a replacement device. It also didn't work. Then, they sent me a SECOND replacement device. It also fails to accurately track my fitness stats. Given that this is the third device that has failed to record my stats, it clearly is their technology that is faulty. They refuse to reimburse me for their faulty product. If you actually care about exercising and want to do so with anything more than moderate intensity, don't even waste your money on this device. I'd recommend spending the extra $100-$300 on a Polar Watch or Apple Watch to get a product that will actually work for years at a time. I am so incredibly disappointed with this product and the Fitbit customer service team who, despite acknowledging the problem with their faulty technology, refuses to correct the situation with me.
Start easy on this!! I took two and immediately felt dizzy and nauseous for hours afterwards. It was way too strong for me and it felt like my stomach was burning. I don't recommend anyone to even try this product. Beware...
This is my third FitBit. I love how they handle but this one drops off the battery power without a warning or anything.
Glasses look way more yellow than I'd like. Also more importantly they make my eyes hurt right as I put them on.
So disappointed. We are big fans of honest and have been for five years. The overnight diapers are a disappointment. Our child leaks through every night.
DESERVES NO STARS! This product did absolutely nothing! I don't like to injure businesses, but this item seems to be nothing but a filler. I used the entire bottle. They made it look like you will see results almost immediately! Well that is not true! I wish I did not believe the description or the positive reviews, and instead saved my money!
Don't waste your money don't fit well at all
It didn't work had to return.
Not sure why the boxes are totally smashed but it makes me wonder if they're legit when they arrive in this condition. perhaps a cardboard shipping box would prevent this.
Carton visibly crushed & damaged but still secured contents. Comparing parts w/ packing list revealed missing assembly screw and protective plastic plug and an excess of washers & nuts. E-mailed JB Tools with problem & complete details. Response was that they didn't recognize manufacturer's name and wanted a photo of the carton which had been discarded??? Resolved assembly by obtaining screws at hardware store which needed slight modification. Still missing plastic protective plug....but at least support can be used. No help from JB !
This item didn't work at all for us! Not sure if it was just our baby or the item.
Chewing these lead to extreme discomfort of my throat and chest. Chewed 2 pieces and not I'm stuck with the rest of the box. Still quit though...
when I open the individual wipes package it was completely dry.
Beware of this seller... as you could see the comparison of the same brand n same shade Estée Lauder lipstick... right hand side lipstick is the original one which I bought from Macy's n the left side one I ordered it from this seller on amazon. Highly disappointed and felt being betrayed... didn't came with the box... was just wrapped in the piece of paper n mailed it to me... Will be returning it now..
Did not work, made my hair look wet and greasy
These are awful, they are hard to remove the excess and then not even an hour later they are peeling off...I'm returning all the of this brand I purchased.
Did not taste like anything.Could not taste the chocolate. Looked like chocolate, said it was chocolate.Did not taste bad just no flavor. Bought two boxes. Need to return the other one.
The armpit pads are too bulky. The hand grip pads don't add much padding. I still feel the standard grin underneath. The worst part is the pad doesn't stay put so I have to readjust the velcro everytime I go to crutch. Very dissatisfied with this product and its not worth the money spent
I never received this product. Don't know how to contact seller
No different effect than the Alaskan omega 3 from Costco.
Bottle were half empty and leaking in the shipment box
Cute, but not worth the price they charged!
never got this item ..
Too hard to figure out for my elderly mom. She can zip around the internet, but this organizer gave her nothing but trouble...waste of $$.
The Seller never provided this item, nor contacted me to inform me that the order was at least delayed. I require the product, so I by no means hate the product. I am extremely displeased with the Seller for lack of communication and that fact that I never received the product from the Seller, so I cancelled the order.
Horrible quality and taste! No good unless you want to quit!!
I ordered these pin because made in USA but box shows made in China don't like it I am going to send back
Beware! Seller never shipped item. Never heard back from after contacting several times. Tracking info fraud. Says package was delivered to another state. Beware of seller. FRAUD.
I canceled the order because it never showed up...apparently lost in transit as several have been in the last month or so...sounds like a delivery problem to me. To bad because I have been with Amazon Prime since 2006 and this is the first year I have had so many problems getting my stuff. Hopefully they will find the problem and rectify it, Amazon built them selves up based on product, customer service and delivery...one of the legs is broken :(
I am extremely sensitive to smells, and this product smells very strange. I will be returning it tomorrow.
Didn't work for me....wart came right back
Did nothing for me,Don't waste your money
These straight up suck, don't waste your money! But liquid compound W.
I received mine yesterday and open the bottle this morning. Two of them was open. That's not fair
Way too expensive for how much you get.
Don't stay lit at all. Basically the whole time you're smoking it you have to relight it like 5 times. Really disappointed
Very pretty but it didn't attach properly.
Did not receive item.
My wife has been buying these for years and she said this batch smelled REALLY fishy. The product was wrapped twice in plastic, even though the bottle was sealed. It's never come wrapped like that before.
Added this to my regimen for arthritis. Took for several months and did not notice any difference in my back pain.
Did absolutely nothing!
Was shipped with a broken cap in a plastic bag. Leaked all over everything in the box, ruining a book.
Used once and stopped working
Unfortunately this torch arrived defective and will not ignite. If the torch worked I would give it a much better rating as it is just the right size and fits well in my hand. It has had fuel put in it so I dont believe we can ship it back. I hope the seller will help with this problem and contact me about getting a working replacement. I will update this review as things progress and if we get a replacement a more in depth review.
Don't know if it is cleaning or not, but it leaves a film all over the counters. They don't look clean. On my smooth cooktop, it looks horrible because of the smears left behind.
Mine arrived today Feb. 4 2018. They expired last year and the box was ripped and so beaten up that the box doesn't even close.
Frontier's organic elderberries are fabulous. I've been purchasing them for several years on Amazon. However, after hopping online to make a purchase and seeing the revised pricing, I will be purchasing my elderberries elsewhere. The customer service from the seller noticeably declined last year and while the price last year/season was a bit higher, I was willing work through the issues. The current price hike means I'm taking my business elsewhere.
Package never arrived. However your customer service refunded my money in a timely fashion which I greatly appreciated.
This product isn't well made. I installed it and it broke as soon as I turned the water on the first time - the included valve broke, handle flew out of the base as soon as it came into contact with water pressure. The damn thing came flying out at a hundred miles an hour, it almost hit me in the face. Could've seriously gotten hurt. Water everywhere in the bathroom, I'm soaked. What a disappointment. Don't waste your money.
These vitamins are NO good. I had recently switched assuming all good prenatals must be comparable. I was SO wrong. It took me a few weeks to realize but then thanks to another Amazon review, I realized these were the culprit. I was having bowel movements 5-6 times a day which is unheard of in pregnancy. The iron & progesterone should be slowing everything down and I just thought I had become lactose intolerant or something. This other review mentioned that the type of iron used in these is controversial because it is known to exacerbate IBS (which I don't even have). But there is something seriously wrong with these vitamins and I suggest everyone to STAY AWAY.
I never received this product. I tried notifying Amazon to no avail!
It didn't work at all. Was very disappointed
This thing is hard. If you feel like you are losing your hair prepare to lose more.
These are 100% fake. I bought a pack from target today and compared and they look different and you can tell these ones aren't real. Pushing for a refund. Read through the reviews, many others have noticed this as well.
I never received it, my house has cameras and don't capture anyone leaving this product, besides that day I was working in the garden and I don't see anyone. I'm still waiting for Amazon to do something about it. Thanks
Never received product, never received follow up request on why I didn't receive it. It does say delivered on my list. I guess I'm out the money ugh!
Only used twice. Plugged it in to try to use for the third time and would not work/heat up. Since the return window had expired, it ended up in the garbage.
Don't buy these as they are thin , i had been buying equate brand which are much tighter gauze and don't stick. You get what you pay for.
I would not buy this product again.
I've had these for a few months and all of them have cracked very easily. Guess you get what you get for the price
Horrible taste! Does absolutely nothing for pain, anxiety or sleep!!!
Terrible...flame is either 6-8” If you try to turn up or down you get no flame at all! Tank is small and since it burns so fast it only last a couple of strikes.
I bought this because I was getting my wisdom teeth out and figured I'd need something to ice the swelling. This did zero for me. The little ice packs only stay cold for 5 mins, but never cold enough to actually do anything.
I ordered the Diva Cup and they lost my package. Did not receive an email telling me they lost it either. Very upset.
Love the product, second time purchasing, but it showed up with a cracked lid. Not sure how storing this is going to work...hopefully it won't get tipped over as it will leak out!
I never received this product.
I did not receive the trial size spray with my package.
The toothpaste that I got was expire
This is ridiculous. I am so ticked off I could scream. Apparently this company doesn't check its orders before shipment. I just ordered this product five days ago. It arrived but it was actually Horsetail wrapped in bubble wrap with a sticker that said Solomon's Seal. I had to go through the return process and drive over to a UpS store to return it. I reordered it again as soon as got the mistake. I just got the replacement...ANOTHER BOTTLE OF HORSETAIL!!! Now I have to go through the return process AGAIN!
Great concept, however, I have heavy bleeds and the plugs didn't work for me. They are convenient and expanded as promised but not thick enough to block flow. Could possibly work for those with very minor bleeds.
The negative reviews are correct. This is a piece of plastic garbage and a waste of money. No directions with it so I relied on the guidance given by others who posted favorably but they must not be real. Put it on the cleaned surface and turned as directed until a click was heard. Pulled on it to open the door and the outer part pulled off. Examining both pieces it was probably produced for less than a dollar. No metal or interlocking pieces. Just flimsy plastic on each end. Should have heeded the one star reviews. Will now be wasting my time to do the packaging and drive to return it for a credited refund.
I would leave zero stars if possible. Have never received item and notified them of such multiple times. No response, no replacement sent, no refund. Nothing. Very disappointed and would not buy from this seller.
I always like give 5star reviews.But this one is so so bad .it doesn't work at all.the same as other reviewers said .The slot to fit your mop in is too small. When I manage to cram the mop into the slot, the mop head gets stuck and ends up peeling off the mop.and i return it today.thank you for Amazon's quick and easy return.
This review is a little late but wanted to let buyers know that this seems to not be the real deal ... almost as if water has been added ?? It makes my naturally curly blown out hair frizzy !! I have a full bottle wasting now bc it does not do what it says .it feels very thin and watery too ...disappointing that i paid good money for this product that seems to be a fake ... :(
This facial tissue was soft on the nose. But the problem I had with this tissue was that it is very linty. It would make my son allergies worse with all the lint that would be left on his face after using the tissue.
These batteries are terrible. I just changed the batteries in my two smoke detectors for the first time in seven years. The Duracell batteries had finally gone bad. One smoke detector started beeping the low battery warning the very night that I put these Maxell batteries in. The other one lasted three days before it randomly started beeping at 3 a.m. These batteries are cheap, but they're not worth disturbed sleep and lack of peace of mind. I'll gladly pay more for batteries that last more than a week.
I tried this and quickly found that the Iodine wreaked havoc with my intestines. So, I decided to try just one-half pill per day, but I still had problems. Beware.
Big waste of money. Nitro leaked all out after 6 days. Only removed 1 small wart. Medium size, it didn't even touch. Save your.money. You can get a whole can of freeze at Walmart that really works for what you pay here for 1 of these.
Poor seller response.....
Not good When they first came out they were great now just junk(that's being nice)
This item was missing from my order. I️ never received!
Doesn't do anything. I even take two or three and still nothing.
I got the mango flavor and I have to say it is horrible!! It is so sweet and taste like straight syrup.. I wish I could return it for another flavor.
Didn't work for me at all
It didn't work , also I didn't get my second one as a free . Layer
Not only did these shakes taste gross -- but they promised 12 and only sent 4. Steer clear.
$900 pills came instead of 1,000
I purchased this specifically because it claims to be "eye safe" - "no sting" - Very disappointing. I put in on today and it stung my eyes so bad that I had to pull over while driving. It did not pass until about 5 minutes went by! Do not buy if you are buying for the "eye safe" aspect!
These dont really make a difference on your scar. save your money
I just received my ginkgo plus this evening and after opening I discovered quite a lot of it had leaked out into the box. I would like to return it but the prompt said the item is not returnable. So how do I recover the nearly $15 I paid for it? I love this product and this is not the first time I ordered it but I give it only one star as it was here on time. Any damaged item should be returnable.
I appreciate Dave and the Bulletproof brand, so, I was ok with paying a little extra for Bulletproof Krill. What I didn't know is that the pills were very, very large. Now I am stuck with 120 pills. Ack.
Complete waste of money. Will not stay in place on a swiffer. The pad just rolls over and won't glide on the floor. DO NIT BUY.
I Placed this brand of battery in a laser receiving device. I was out in a corn field laying out a lake dam. Within 5 minutes the receiver went dead. Had to drive to get an american made battery replacement. Eveready installed . Back to work. Lost a half hour. Could be worse...This could have been in a smoke detector.
Not big enough or don't stretch enough to go on my swollen feet and legs....
Does not work Does not numb my anal wait 5min. So no sex for me am gay.
Plastic frame under right arm rest was broken during shipment. Need a replacement part.
It came opened, didnt use it.
For the price I was unimpressed. $16.00 for tumbled Rock chips, with poorly done engraving. Some of the rune symbols we're wrong and the gold pain was sloppily painted into the grooves. For this quality you could find a cheaper set.
The original photo and description was for severe congestion no drip. It was Prime and we only order Prime. This is The cheap dollar store brand.
Every morning I wake up and the have fallen off my feet!
Love this toothbrush but there's a major problem....I've only had it since July and it won't charge, it just stopped working. That's why I only gave one ratings. I would give all 5's if it would last a couPle years.
I'm still waiting for my order to arrive. I will re-rate the gloves once I receive them.
Shaky at best. Not reliable. Failed tests.
Everything worked about it, except. . .it kept on disconnecting. The slightest jiggle would disconnect the cord. We'd come home and the clock would be blinking 12:00 like an old-time VCR. When this happened, all the settings would be lost. The wake-up time, the sound, the light intensity, everything. Life. Is. Too. Short.
I bought 3 that all came expired
So I read all the reviews on this magnesium and was so excited to find one with no fillers and cheaper than the one I have been taking for 3 years . I have been taking these for two weeks or more and my low magnesium systems are coming back such as headaches , heart flutters , fast heart rate etc . Well upon inspection of the capsules NONE are full and some are complete empty . My bottle was filled with the white powder in the bottom yet all capsules were still together NONE had came apart . So I was taking 3 caps a day but have no ideal how many milligrams I have even been getting because NONE of them are full , I can press on the sides of the capsules and they just cave in . Sent a message and the reply I got was due too no fillers there would be some settling in capsules , well duh some of my capsules were nearly empty so I just tossed them in the trash , why swallow an empty capsule Want be buying again .
There was ZERO product inside the Multi-Surface cleanser. Who? What? Why?
This company takes advantage of the fact that they are the only company that sells a glucometer for dogs that works. The cost of test strips is just as much as a new glucometer kit. My glucometer gave me bad readings so I emailed them. They argued with me over many emails about sending me a new one, finally they had me send in the one that wasn't working correctly and I sent it my whole kit, test strips and all and what did they send me back? Just a glucometer, so now I have to spend $50 anyways on new test strips becasue they didn't send me any and they refuse to. They are lucky this is the only glucometer that works for animals. They don't care about how much it costs to have a diabetic animal, test strips should NOT be as much as a new glucometer kit.
Have been getting these with the Subscribe and Save for quite a while. Everything was fine till last two shipments. The soft gels are clumped together. I have other things to do than break apart soft gels. In hindsight should have sent a pic. It happens again will find a different source for my garlic pills.
I dislike because the top was broken.
Did not work at all.. its worth less, just a waste of money.
I waited to write a review on this product so I could really get a feel as to how they worked. I wanted them to work so bad! My sleeping sucks at night, i wake up ten times at least a night and have trouble falling asleep. I thought these would help me a little, which is all I wanted. last night was when I decided I was going to leave the review. I sat in bed unable to fall asleep for over an hour even though I started my bedtime routine as normal. I take two at night, I didn't want to take to many and become reliant on something.
I wanted a folding walking cane for a person that is five feet tall as stated in the product however, when I took the cane into physical therapy the therapist informed me the the cane was to tall for me and the cane could not be lower to fit my five foot height.
Almost no magnification (see photo). They promised 3x but they lied. You can switch on 4 weak leds or 5 other weak leds, not all 9. Useless. Why does Amazon sell such crap?
Not enough pages in the books
Didn't ship my order
This stuff was awful. Didn't smell like normal eucalyptus and didn't diffuse. The next morning most water was left and there was a white film on top.
i try it with a lot of water and i chk it every 2 hrs and didn't work at all
I know that 'broccoli coffee' is a hot trend right now. That said, I wasn't expecting the flavor of it in my protein powder, blech!
These are very wide and there's no way they could stay on anyone's toes. Didn't return because well that's awkward
I have had this bluetooth mouse for just about 30 days and it just stopped working. It's connected to the bluetooth but it doesnt seem to be connected. Kinda upset, I troubleshooted for 3 days already.
This thermometer is awful: it's in accurate and worked once. Buyer beware don't purchase this. A huge waiste of money.
I put it in the microwave according to the instructions, no more than 2 1/2 minutes. I did not get most heat that last and lasts. I got a Luke warm pad that lasted all of 5 minutes. I returned it and went back to my tried and true set hand towel under my heating pad.
Product not for me. Caused stomach bloating.
Gross, really gross. Tired to doctor it up with real strawberries. No luck. Try a different brand.
It was ripped when we opened it, no good
These bags are terrible they are thinner than grocery bags & can hardly hold any weight. So disappointed I will never buy them again. I got glad ones & they are thick & never rip.
If I could give this No Stars I would!! This product didn't work at all!!! Don't Trust It! I wish I could have my money back, the product didn't work as promised even though the directions were followed to a T!
Did not get twin bed well enough wanted to return, charged 10% restock fee and had to have original jpg slip not receipt from amazon-that wasn't good enough even though it had company name on it. Nope not satisfied
The lid was smashed, inside the bubble wrap, and the product smelled rotten. I didn't know vinegar could go bad, but I guess it's the other ingredients that soured. I read this had happened to other purchasers, but I have always been able to return items to Amazon when necessary so I didn't worry about it. But this item is not eligible for the return guarantee. Wish I had paid more attention.
I did not like the back stretcher. It was very uncomfortable and made my pain worse. I am returning it.
Fit was good except at top of calf. It was way too tight for me. Tried larger size and still the same
One of the worst shavers I've used. Does not give a clean shave.
Arrived not working. I contacted the company asking for a solution but haven't received a reply. The 30 day guarantee is a bunch of crap.
Poor design, had leakage issues
The battery life on these is terrible. They probably last about 1/3 as long as the Energizer batteries. Didn't end up saving me any money at all, since I have to buy more so soon.
Impossible to mix! Clumped on to the spoon. Very sticky. Mixed and mixed for at least 5 minutes and couldn't get it off the spoon! Only a blender could mix this. I used room temperature water, might have to boil water to get it to mix, but it defeats the purpose of being an on-the-go supplement. It feels like they added real powdered caramel, tried to dissolve with my fingers and it was super sticky! My last resort was to try and eat it like peanut butter but it taste horrible, probably cause its too concentrated and not dissolved in the water, I hope. See pictures. I am very dissapointed.
Didn't work as stated. If fact didn't work at all wold not recommend as a matter of fact would never buy or recommend
This product caused an allergic reaction which brought alot of little itchy bumps on my arms
The protein arrived today but there's a major problem this protein expires in 2 months I would like a full refund
I have purchased these in the past and loved them. This time around they were awful, I should have retuned them. No support, not effective
This Mood & Mind brand doesn't dissolve with out a lot of work and taste like chemicals. Acid type after taste. There's another choice on here that comes in a brown bag too.... tastes great and dissolves easily. The difference is night and day. CC if you can find it.
I ordered these but they were expired. I sent a note and it was great that they replaced them. But that shipment was expired as well. Won't buy these again!
Very drying and ineffective
These razors were my 2nd purchase from Pace. AND there is a huge difference in the 5 blade & 4 blade. The 4 blade are flimsly & dull easily. I got 2-3 shaving of my legs before I had to replace razor. I was very happy with my previous purchase of 5 blades, they were better quality & lasted a LOT longer. Would not recommend.
Not as advertised. Too much hype.
BEWARE! Received a fake product! As shown in the attached picture, the packaging between the real and fake product is different. Shameful a company would sell you a fake product that is placed inside women's bodies, and the dangers of not knowing what this product contains or where it's even made!
Thought it would hold more than 12oz can.
The chair had brown spots all over it. It looked used. I'm very disappointed with this purchase. I needed the chair ASAP but had to return it.
Product does not work
I bought this item for my 94 year-old mother. Unfortunately they item did not function correctly. I was very disappointed as I had seen such great review. An then I got the surprise that the item was UN-RETURNABLE!!!
Product arrived covered in a slimy red/pink substance. Tried washing off the individual packages to salvage (bought for egg stuffers). Tried a few on the wall, no stick to them. Smacked against the wall & falls to the ground.
Just received this yesterday. I am so disappointed. it's a very hard, stiff material and is very uncomfortable. I will be returning it.
It doesn't work Did nothing to improve the nail
These would be perfect if they fit!! They are off by only 1/8th inch. I went into my orders to return them, and discovered they are not returnable. They are not that expensive, but this is the first time I have encountered a Prime item that was not returnable, and I still do not see that mentioned on the listing, anywhere. So, be sure they fit your measurements before you order!
This does not fit a bariatric walker and it is not very secure with the thin velcro straps. Total disappointment.
Both of these batteries failed within 3 weeks. Luckily, I have a Simply Safe system that let me know my smoke detectors were failing. This vendor is placing people's lives at risk.
I never received item! Please contact me seller as there is no option to reach ou.
Sent the samples off over a week ago and they have not received them. The lab claims that it takes 10 business days to receive the samples in the mail. Really? This appears to be a cleverly disguised stall tactic. They probably got the samples last week and will wait until they are about two days until completed to inform me that they received them. Always a scam.
It just looks fancy. Not functioning as supposed be. Just get the traditional one.
Bought this back in Jan and it's now April and still have not received it .
I never received my money back from the cross when I sent it back
The regular batteries last several months on the door lock, but this one failed in about a month. When I checked voltage, one of the batteries had a reverse charge! And this happened two times. There is something very wrong with these batteries. I was a long time user of these Lithium batteries. Never again!
No help at all...much bigger then expected.
Did not work right and then broke completely
I personally did not like them. I felt very jittery.
Never showed up to my house. Chat correspondence ineffective. Charged my account immediately with no product delivered Stilll eating for a response 5 days later. Will change my review if they correspond.
The eye mask is very large for my face, it covers all of my forehead, instead of the area below my eyes (it needs a larger/longer nose notch). Also, the mask is so wide that when I sleep on my side, the mask gets caught on my pillow and moves to let light in. I don't particularly like the velcro band and how the band is attached to the mask itself. If the band moves little, it allows light to get in. I would prefer the thin sliding buckle. Also, only the 2 masks came in my order, the separate pouch with the ear plugs were not included as described in the original posted description, so my order was delivered incomplete. If you use these eye mask only sleeping vertically, they may work, but they are terrible for sleeping horizontally, I would not recommend them.
no official box and the bars are just thrown into a shipping box.., the Q&A answer was WRONG and I got half of what I thought I ordered and bards came with the wrappers OPEN! STAY AWAY FROM SELLER!
All 3 didn't work when you try to turn the dial.
Ordered this in February, still waiting for product
Wouldnt stick. Purchased for college football Player and before game got started it was already rolling off.
Worst company I ever ordered from on Amazon. Had to be refunded twice for non arrival of item. Don't waste your time.
So sad about how gross it tastes. It's just awful I went to walgreens and found a higher quality product for less, and you can stomach the taste
Super disappointed. These look used or like they filled the packaging with a knock-off product and resold it. I've purchased these before from the store and the bags are never wrinkled like the ones I received. As others have stated, the bags have small puncture holes in them - wish I'd read reviews before purchasing. Really frustrated this seller does not allow returns on this item. What a waste of money and time. Buyer beware.
Total junk! They don't Wick at all and quickly leak over the leg bands also sized way too big.
have not received product
I was having a plantar fasciitis flare up, I thought I'd get a comfy treat for my feet. Not the case at all. they are wobbly and don't fit into most of my shoes, they don't really give the sense of comfort, or support, as they are so awkward - and poorly made. On top of that, they wouldn't do a return/replacement! Really unimpressed and a little irritated at the lack of customer service.
Never received product. Ordered July 25. Its sept 6. I'd like a refund at this point. Two latest emails have gone unanswered
I would've have liked to use this product, however I opened the box to find nothing inside.
I'm sure its great... I wouldnt know it didnt come to my address..thanks amazon 🤦‍♀️
I only took one table and vomited for two days! Do not recommend.
This was so disappointing to me. Because my daughter lost hers at college and I sent these to her and these did not work. Can you imagine being a teen and not being to listen to music !! It was a nightmare. I ended up giving her my original iPhone ear buds. Now I don't have any.
My Misfit Ray is low on battery after only 2 weeks with these!
Extremely uncomfortable! Hard as a rock! Massager didn't work properly! Didn't heat up!
Web description said: Same Great Product, New Label, but 19 of the 29 original ingredients are missing in this new bottle. A lot more than just the label has changed! What worries me is, what all those new ingredients are. I am returning it because it is now not the same product that has been recommended in books and on websites, my reason for buying it in the first place. My last bottle, bought in July-with the original ingredients-seemed to help a lot. If I am going to change products, I will be the one to search and pick out a new one-not go with whatever has been changed without any notification. This is mostly an entirely different product from what the reviews are based on.
Does not give any energy not pump, can't even feel any changes after taking this. Don't waste your money.
Ordered this in January 2019. Bottle says made in Sept 25, 2018 good til Sept 25 2019. Oil is rancid. Returning asap.
Order never recieved. Apparently order was lost in shipping.
Product does not smell like egyptian musk, they use a whole nother bottle size for the image bur instead you get a 1 oz roll on.
I ordered 2 vials and delivered 1 vial. but tracking reported delivery of 2 bottles. Check back for me
This one didn't work very well, so I ordered a resmed brand that seems to work better.
I bought this pillow because I have lower back problems. The dr recommended a half moon roll. This pillow compresses and does not provide adequate support. Don't waste your money, look for a pillow that is firm to help support lower back issues. I'm on the hunt for a new one!
I ordered Cookie butter but got chocolate lava cake
Smells ok, definitely not lemongrass, just plain lemon. Also it had been opened when I received it. Trying to decide if it's worth returning. Or just buy from someone else.
Certainly not like any whey based protein. I should have known better. A good value if you can use it I suppose.
Very disappointed in this product. It's on the higher end of price range and contains no folic acid which is very important in a prenatal
I have never received this item.
Did not suppress appetite at all
Company is defunct! no answer , no cust service, no help, can't order thru them their cream, they hang up on you or disappear from your phone call.
Most of these were opened and the dust from the vitamins were everywhere.
I purchased other types of mushroom capsules such as Chaga and Cordyceps which had their seals on and had later expiration dates. This particular one had the seal broken and the expiration date was far earlier (a year +) compared to the other two. Also, the box was worn out and I could clearly tell the item had been returned and sat on the shelf for a while or handled a lot. It says I can't return it, so I'll be contacting Amazon to somehow resolve this considering the cost and the item's condition.
It is the worse smelling clary sage essential oil I have encountered. I have used different brands before & decided to give plant guru a try....totally disappointed & a waste of my money. I gave it one star for on time delivery & safe packaging. Other then that 0 star for the product itself.
This product caused extreme and sudden nausea followed by at least an hour of vomiting. Would not recommend.
It does not work well on tub surround shower walls, starts to slide and then falls off.
Seems cheaply made and the power cord isn't good. For self pleasing, it doesn't do anything for you.
3 of these units in less than 2 years. It's fine when working. Just not reliable enough to invest when comparable items are available that last longer
The workout powder is great but Optimum Nutrition is clowning by filling this large plastic container less than 50% with their actual product. It's almost empty! WTF? Amazon should calculate the extra fossil fuels and energy used to pack and ship this uselessly large package, then charge ON for the amount. What a scam. Also why??
I haven't receive anything yet even though it says it was delivered yesterday!
Product was never delivered. Contacted seller, who said they would resend. Product still never received. At this point, I just want a refund. Disappointed with this seller. The product itself is fabulous, but not worth the hassle of ordering from this seller.
Received a used dirty ramp! How dare this company! Very disappointed not happy with purchase!!!
I am still waiting for the product? Bad service.
Doesn't work. I didn't even see any hair on the strip after I pulled it out. Don't buy, waste of your money.
Liked the looks of this. I didn't like the fact that is didn't work right at all.
after seeing attic's comment i called amazon to ask about the origin prior to placing my order and was assured by the representative that the origin was Croatia only to sadly discover wen my package arrive moments ago that it is actually from China *see attached picture i am however thankful to the amazon management for taking this discrepancy seriously and refunding my monies and holding seller accountable
I've had this product for a few months and i had to throw it away. Mirror is made of plastic and it dulled out to the point i can barely see myself on it. Do not recommend this product all.
It doesnt cover well. If you move, the thing will move as well leaving a space in your nose that let the light in. Not recommended.
Did not like this product. Could not use it long enough to see if the product worked. Gave me the bubble guts.
This is not the same shampoo you get at the store. The label is all in Italian, the shampoo has a completely different fragrance, and it is not gentle on the eyes.
Bought this product the third week of June, it quit working after only 2 weeks of use. called support no help, called today Saturday July 27 and nothing, after amazon site said they were available. worst product I have bought. and support well, good luck on getting someone to help. Update!! It is September and after getting in touch in July 29th, I was told they would send a return label with an RMA. Well, is now September and I have had no luck getting in touch or an email reply. Better policy should be put in place. This is the reason why many people buy “made in China “ product since the American companies don't even care about their consumers by selling defective goods.
Product is not as described on website I have ordered this twice and they have shipped me the wrong item. This IS not the POWDERED root that I have requested. Amazon needs to figure this out.!
Didn't work at all. I feel I wasted my money.
Product arrived without air release valve. Wrote a letter first part of May , same day of receipt of item, asking for a replacement. No response to date. Do not recommend nor will I ever do business with this site again!
The fitbit completely stopped working after 2 years of use. Way too much money to spend for something that has such a short shelf life.
So upset!! I ordered this to use for my DIY wedding decor, its so pretty but so many of the center Rhinestones are missing i cant even use it for what i need it for... and they piece are not even lose in the bag where i could fix it myself, where are the center rhinestones?!?! This is a disaster
Not only did they take a week to arrive, when they did, they were all melted together and they can't be returned. I'd be wary of this product and seller if I were you.
The product was damaged but I can't return the product.
The manual is pathetic (clearly a poor translation) - I haven't been able to upload my data yet, even with the help of another user. Instructions are not laid out in any systematic manner - it's trial and error - not a product for anyone without a lot of software experience
Both of the first two times I used a pod for a load of laundry the pod didn't dissolve all the way. As a result, there was a sticky residue left on an article of clothing. I was able to pick it off one, but unfortunately I wasn't able to get it off a pair of golf shorts and they were ruined. I am throwing the rest of the bag away and switching to liquid detergent. Both washes were cold water.
It broke the very first time we used it. The top seems sturdy but the bottom piece broke completely in two when we tried to use it to crush my sons pill. And there's a no return policy. So I would advise not purchasing this one.
Arrived in leaking bottle. Haven't used it to clean anything up yet, as I'm cleaning up the mess it made.
Seriously. I ordered vanilla and was sent expired chocolate shakes. And I'm in an odd location and would have to pay for shipping to get a replacement. Waste of money.
Not my first green juice, but wanted to try it out. The taste is good, but the price does not justify the amount that you get. Went with a different product, twice as much in qty and almost the same ingredients for about the same price.
Quit working in 2 months.
I had heard that ACV can help in reducing blood sugar so I thought I would give it a shot. For two days I would take it in the morning and drink a whole 15 oz water bottle to make sure it was diluted. At the end of the first day I started experiencing nausea, stomach cramps, and diarrhea. The same symptoms persisted the next day upon taking the ACV. Additionally, my acid reflux began acting up on the second day. I felt so sick to my stomach that I could not eat and almost went home early from work. I spent money to make myself sick.
This product does not cool. Don't buy it.
Stupid thing stopped of three months....not heavily used
the actual product isn't very good, it falls off very easily and therefore never stays in place.
Don't buy. I believed the people who rated these bars a 5 and who said they tasted like coconut mound bars. Nothing from the truth. Tasted terrible. Ate 1/2 bar and threw away the rest. There is an overwhelming maltitol alcohol (artificial sugar) taste. Tastes nothing like sweet coconut. Now I'm stuck with two boxes of them. Only giving them a 1 due to the protein content.
I received 3 different arrival dates and now am beyond the latest!! i have to unwind the confusion!!!!!!
This is how the package was in my mailbox, items missing! The package was huge and seemed to allow way too much movement, possibly causing this tear Need items ordered replaced
Did this for my husband, followed all instructions and even left it on a little longer. Nothing happened AT ALL.
Received product that was already opened!!! Looked as though it may have been a return. Absolutely disgusting.
Worked for about a week
My husband bought this to help clear his nose and help his snoring issues, unfortunately this doesn't help or make him feel better
I bought this at the end of May. The expiration date was for August. Maybe it had list it's effectiveness, but I found it useless.
This thing is really difficult to "open" that's all I can say about that. And I don't believe it is dispensing properly. I put my own new batteries (from Amazon) in it and it works no better than it did with the manufacture provided batteries. It's not worth any money in my opinion.
4 lose batteries, all 4 DOA. When trying to return you are greeted with the message that this item can't be returned.
The rubber ends that go over the glasses split apart not long after I began use. Didn't work one bit for me. Find a different product - don't waste your money.
This product can impact serotonin in the stomach much like an antidepressant. This can cause severe stomach issues and cramps. Do not risk it because the product can not be returned. I have to file a lawsuit in small claims court to attempt to get money back.
Did not meet description. Did not include stand. Did not work when it was plugged in, only the display came on then turned off.
This is absolute garbage, I've been taking magnesium for a while now and never I had any issues until I started taking this cheap excuse for a supplement. I strongly urge that you stay away from this brand!!!
Not good at all no help
THERE WERE REALLY NO DIRECTIONS INCLUDED.
these were really bad... 1. They smelled HORRIBLE. I understand the company makes or buys them wholesale so its cheaper so quality is a little on the lesser side but I washed them in my dishwasher and had to let them sit in soap for a few hours until they finally lost that stench. Its like a strange Sour chemical smell and it lingers until a few washes. 2. The glass is very brittle. One of the bottles were slightly frozen in a fridge and it actually ended up just falling to pieces because it couldn't handle the expansion of the frozen water. I understand this is common with glass containers but regardless it was barely frozen and broke on its own. 3. The interior design of the caps are really bad and tough to clean as well. They have this metallic smell to them that seems to never go away. thankfully it doesnt rub off on the bottle but its still worrying to be sipping from a bottle that has a metallic smelling cap. Overall there are some serious quality issues and I would haven no problem paying more for this item but at this point I feel like I was cheated and it wasn't worth the price at all. stay away.
These tubes are the worst. Have terrible luck with them in my rolling machine.
I've bought three boxes of these and three of them have broke. They dont hold up well, would not reccomend.
gave my baby horrible reflux, it was heartbreaking. never again
These valentines were very cute my daughter loved them for her class. Unfortunately even though it said 32 valentines the package came with only 25 Valentines not enough!! What a pain!
These batteries do not hold a charge very long. My solar lights are usually dim after 3 hours or less of being lit up.
How do you connect the spy camera to an iPhone??? Can someone tell me what's the app.
I've been taking Astragalus for a long time from Natures Sunshine. This one is horrible. Been 15 minutes since I took it and still taste like metal in my mouth. Yuck.
product stopped working after a week
This was disgusting... not a fan at all
It is very comfortable and help alot while wearing my heeled boots, but the thong part broke after one wear. I dont think i can recomment this to anyone.
Gee...shocker! It doesn't work! I've used this along with following the weight watchers program for 3 weeks and have seen zero advantage with it. Buy it only if you have an extra $40 you'd like to flush down the toilet because money is the ONLY thing your gonna lose with this product.
I was sent the wrong juice ! I was sent the nastiest vape juice ever ! Send me my cotton candy juice !!!
Requires more otherwise it rips (ewe!), is rough enough to require alternating TP brand usage with a softer TP. And-my biggest pet peeve-the roll is bigger (fooling my husband into thinking there was a value in amount per roll), BUT ITS A LARGER TUBE. The other TP cardboard rolls fit inside this one. It's crappy:-)
I had a party for my husband who is Turing 60. I ordered this sheet of paper that listed all events of 1959, instead I got a piece of paper that talked about events of the turn of the century in small print that no one is going to read. Along with that came picture of the seller and her daughter asking for a good review. I tried to send back the sheet of paper, but it was too complicated. Who asks you to return a sheet of paper??? She should have fulfilled my order, and told me to toss the sheet of paper. Terrible customer service.
I can't tell whether this cream is effective because I couldn't get even one pump of it out of the bottle. I tried to return it, but Amazon said it's not eligible for return. This is very frustrating...like throwing money away. Don't buy this brand of progesterone cream.
Unfortunately, I have no review to give on extract itself because the product had leaked out of the bottle and into the shipping box before I received it.
The product still has not been delivered. A Prime product (two day delivery) has not been delivered in 10 days. The product is great but Amazon has failed with product delivery.
I have to use black pillow cases to use this. I even tried to "set" the dye, by soaking the device in a vinegar bath, but it still leaves stains that cannot be washed out.
Nothing good about this product
Product came damaged
Hoax, doesn't work at all. Do not buy and waste your money.
Still haven't received it and it's long over due
Never received product and can't get a return answer rip off
Like many other comments, I was fooled to get it when I found it was Amazon's choice. The truth is that you could barely notice the smell if you use it with a diffuser. It doesn't matter whether you use five or six drops, use the diffuser for an hour or an entire cycle. It's very weak scent. Such a waste of money.
This product should be avoided. The cold pack does not stay cold for very long. After two months of use the cold pack broke in two places and had to be trashed.
I love this spray, but the can came dented and had no cap. It isn't eligible for return. 😒
This product is too sweet. I feel like I'm drinking straight sugar. I've even tried diluting it in as much water as possible, even more than doubling the suggested serving size of water. I will not buy this again.
Never received my item! Said they delivered to a resident but it was not delivered!
It was too expensive i didn't like that..wasn't satisfied with product
Gummies Arrived melted in one big clump.
Most of the box arrived completely dead. The ones that did work only lasted a minute.
It was great when it worked. Small. Could be loud or quiet. Battery lasted. But the noise stopped working after a few weeks. Now it's only good for a night light. What a waste.
Anxious to try these, but when I opened the bottle all the pills were covered in the krill oil. Several pills had busted open. These are twice as much as the Schiff Krill oil but the quality is poor
Just received this today. I made sure it was fully charged before attempting to turn it on, but when I turned it on and attempted to switch modes or vibration variations I got nothing. Absolutely nothing. The LED works just fine! Just not the vibrator itself. I've contacted the seller and will change my review if I'm able to get a replacement for the faulty one I recieved, but other than that, I'm extremely displeased.
Ordered a large, package said large but a small was inside the package. Totally useless to me.
Don't buy from this seller they mailed me garbage the glue was expired all hard i wasn't able to use it at all.
Terrible recommended replacement. They are not folded into each other, so you only get one at a time then have to reach back in to your dispenser to get another. Unsanitary and gross. They're already dry enough as it is, so how are they not meant to be in a dispenser? This product should be removed from Amazon.
This item is the size of an iPhone 6 cell phone lol i was like wow this is big. I tried it and i seen reviews saying its strong maybe i got a dud but mines was very weak and it was a little confusing to understand the modes. returning this and getting the smaller one that fits in my pockets. This one is like holding your cell phone so nah not for me
This product cuts off circulation and the covering for the arm is long enough for an adult gorilla and wide enough to fit a adult leg.
Buyer beware! Does not perform as advertised. Checkout their app reviews before purchasing. Most reviews are spot on. Does not sync and if it does, spotty and inconsistent. Get a lot of Searching ... Battery was replaced after less than one month. Tried customer service by contact us via Hidrate. No customer support has replied. Tried to return with Amazon. Seller does not allow returns. Do not buy this problematic product. I gave it one star because it holds water only.
Broke after 1 year of casual use. This is my second Fitbit and will definitely be my last ..
Great looking lighter used it once didnt work after the first use ...very disappointed with it i tired recharging lights on but nothing
Need three hands to be able to wrap it around wrist without making multiple attempts. I have two wrists, and thought I was getting a pair.
It looks nice on the outside but doesn't actually work even when trying to charge it and the silver parts were like a rust color. Wouldn't buy again, I was excited to use this after buying more candles for my collection and not having a regular lighter & would prefer one I don't have to flick on.
i really wanted to like this stove. having the take attached to the stove by a hose means the burner is much more stable. however, the stove now leaks gas around the valve, which is a fire hazard and a waste of gas. very disappointing given the very light usage...maybe 4 outings.
The fact that they were so thin and after a few hours of walking with them on, the straps that goes over the toe broke and when I took my socks off, they were rolled up on the middle of my feet. I did not feel them break or roll to the middle of my feet.
Haven't been able to use it because I received it with no charger. Total upset. I spent over an hour and after I picked this one, this happens. Amazon customer service was great for giving a full refund, but I really want to get the charger shipped because its a gift. Please ship a charger.
Bottle leaked in packaging. About 2 Tsp gone. Will use remainder. Please tighten up your bottles before shipping.
Way taller than I expected and they won't let me return it.
Used it once and the thread holding the button to the band is already loose and falling apart.
I gave this such a poor review because I didn't receive the pipe at all. When the package arrived, I opened it and it was entirely empty. It was even sent in a very small package, something usually used for pieces of paper. As soon as I removed it from my mailbox, I could tell that there was nothing inside. I held it up to the light to see through the package, and it was empty. Then I opened it up, and sure enough nothing was inside! Pretty disappointing.
The product was set to arrive on June 17, one month after I placed the order, and now THREE months after I placed the order I'm still waiting, for a refund. The seller has ignored all my emails asking for a status update on the very late item that apparently isn't coming. I've never seen such bad service.
Wrong product was sent.
Does not work as good as the poopouri.
My liver enzymes went up & this is all I take!! My labs were just taken & I don't drink!! Don't take it!! You'll be screwed in the end!!
Zero stars! Description is not what I got. I got only 3 colors and not as many as it says!!!
i am 5 feet tall so short and chubby calfs..i purchased S/M size and they just dont fit correctly, once i had the ankle and the top of the socks right at my knee high, the toes were not fitting at all..dont think its the socks i just think my leg doesnt work well with compression or knee high socks..am going to request a return...
Absolutely worthless! Doesn't even deserve a rating.
Within a couple of months stopped working. Will not hold charge, now won't even charge at all. What's the use when cannot operate in any manner?
These are HORRIBLE. I bought these thinking that the taste would be similar to the mixed fruit flavor, but they are NOT!! Listen to the reviews!!! It would be better to pay more at the doctor's office than to buy these because they taste so bad they cause nausea. The maker should discontinue this awful flavor.
Worst gauze I've ever used. It tears like tissue and if you try to unroll it to wrap it stretches out like string. I use two rolls a day and have found this unusable.
I got this for my boyfriend and he hated it! He's used lots of pre workouts before and this one didn't benefit him not one bit. He mentioned the flavor was a bit good but it never did what pre workouts are supposed to do. He would never buy this and he's been working out for years.
Only recieved one, it says pack of three. I have ordered before and gotten the correct order Not sure why I only recieved 1 this time.
Absolutely awful, sickeningly sweet coating on these green pills. The smell permeated all the vitamins in my 7-day pill container. Gross. I don't trust it.
If I could give this 0 stars I would. It does not work. I bought because I had been having recurring strep. I thought I saw a faint line on my test that was done properly following the given directions but I wasn't sure. To check what a negative test may look like and compare, I put a new strip into a new test tube with no saliva in it and that test came out positive. How does that make sense?
One of my pairs had a weird lump of rubber inside the finger area, it just felt so gross and we tried cutting it off, but ended up just making a hole in the glove. This is a disappointing product. I wish they'd send me another.
Unless that is a Barbie House sofa and coffee table, don't expect the decal to cover your wall like the supplier advertises in Amazon.
My money has not been recovered
Terrible fit. Not as advertised. Returned it.
Does not work, upsets stomach.
One of the four charging pins rotted away and FitBit will not repair or exchange, I was not aware this was meant to be a disposable item... oh, they did offer that I could go ahead and buy another one.
It's not designed to seal tightly so the medicine leaks out.
I got this because I have been struggling to lose weight after having my daughter. I read all kinds of good reviews. I have actually gained 5lbs since being on this. I am going to finish the bottle but for me, it's not working. It might just be me too because I have tried multiple types of dieting pills.
Must have got a bad batch. They taste horrible and cannot get taste out of mouth for days no matter what I did. Turned my teeth orange/yellow color. Trying to contact Bausch and Lomb, no email address. I got very ill twice after taking these. No fruit flavor what so ever when I chewed them. Something wrong with this lot, Amazon returned no problem but the company needs to know before someone gets hurt. I was sick two different days, for a whole day at a time after taking these.
The cups were already melted when I opened the delivery box which had been in the shade for an hour. Temperature was in the high 80s, however, so I can see these being better in cooler climates. Also, if you want a 12oz pour, you'd be better off getting a larger size to reduce spillage.
Did not help curb hunger at all - waste of money.
Clipped it onto my key chain. Top came off first time I went out. Lost the container with four new batteries inside. I would not purchase this item again or recommend it. BTW: This is my first negative review, but I expect product to be what it says.
I bought this for the lemon scent bags thinking it would mask the scent of the dog's waste. It does not do that at all. I was disappointed and I could have gotten the same type of biodegradable bag cheaper. Won't repurchase.
I rarely ever get negative side effects from over the counter medicines. In my case the reviews are true... the cramps I experienced on these pills were worst than menstrual cramps. i took them at 12am in the hopes of having that overnight relief like the box mentions. I woke up at 1am with the worst cramps I've ever experienced in my life and extremely nauseous, sweating and questioning humanity. It's now 5am, after many hours of being in the bathroom I got SOME relief by vomiting and taking an ice cold shower... if you're like me and just reading some of the negative reviews now because you've made the grave mistake of consuming this medicine, my advice to you is to try vomiting and do not lie down just sit up till the time passes...
Didn't see a difference, not really worth the money.
I've gotten sick and felt nauseous after taking it.
Never been delivered
Used this product for a number of years with no problems. When I opened this newest package there was a distinctive stale and funky odor to the pills. The pills also appeared to be reformulated. Returned immediately to Amazon.
This product was absolutely horrible. It came in terrible condition. The package was ripped and the packaging was squished and falling apart. When I tried to assemble the baseboard buddy, there was a piece broken and I couldn't even get that to function. Also, the clothes were extremely dirty. I was very disappointed in this product as it was advertised well on Shark Tank. Don't buy this product from this vendor.
It tastes okay but the sugar in this bar is simply nuts. It's not worth it. I can find something else to keep me feeling full that is far healthier.
This item is mislabeled!! While the price is good I just spent 40 bucks on a product I cannot use. Freaking sucks. Fix the label.
Never received this purchase. I realize it was cheap but I'd still rather have my couple of bucks back.
I ordered this for a trip I was going on. The entirely wrong item was sent to me and because I was away on my trip I have apparently missed the return window. So now I am stuck with a product I didn't order and was unable to use on the trip I needed it for.
I waited until the product dried in the skin before dressing and it still stained the clothing.
I bought kaboom awhile ago but due to sickness I just got around to opening it and when we went to install it the little piece that hooks to the hose to pump the water through was broken . So it is of no use to me . I heard good things about it but mine isn't going to work .
Edit: this company has also been harassing me for a year, even trying to pay me to delete my bad review. Cheap crap. Stopped working after 2 charges. Not worth the money.
Product stopped charging after using it 3 times
Their claim that it cures or helps with toe fungus is not true.I spent 58 dollars two times with no result.
I am not a fan of tea tree and peppermint in my shampoo. Further, this left my scalp dry and flaky. The normal price point is atrocious. I will not purchase this again.
My product says it was shipped and delivered but i have not received it, yet.
they started off good but they only stayed on for a minute or two. plan a lot of Vaseline they still never want to stay on for very long. I just threw them out
What a scam. I ordered it and they sent me this giant sloth and I can't return it. Would be nice if they correct it and send me what I ordered.
Literally fell apart in my mouth. Bristles everywhere. Some had fallen apart in the packaging itself.
I don't know what to say as I did NOT receive it!! Amazon where is it??
This product has something in it that makes you not sleep and cause itchiness. The packaging is terrible. Very difficult to open.
Cheaply made and started tearing first day I wore . So I won't repurchase. Also the inside fabric was super itchy and irritated my face.
I never received it.
This lighted mirror is a disappointment. It does not stay fully lit when I turn it on. Only for a small amount of time then switches to less than half light. I changed the batteries but nothing changed. Plus it has fallen off my mirror twice.
Broke before I could do a single tattoo!!
Just got mine today and they blocked no noise at all. Didn't notice any difference. Am I using these wrong? They don't seem to stay in either. I bought 2 sets for my family to use on an upcoming trip but I'll be returning these instead.
Returning product because the gel pack for the back is incomplete. One panel is not fully filled with gel. This should have been caught with Quality Control at the manufacturing location. Returning for full refund.
Thin, cheap construction. Elastic keepers DO NOT serve any real purpose. They are too short to fit and stay around the four corners of an average massage table. Have not turned it on yet, but so far, far inferior to anything I have used before.
Super uncomfortable and company won't send me the label for the return I've requested since Saturday Feb. 16!
It's opened. It was not seal when I received it. I tryed to return it, but It says you can not return this product. However, the company should not send opened products.
The glasses are okay. They do not fit the face of the person I ordered them for (standard male face size). So, I used them for myself instead. We ordered zero magnification, however, these do magnify and as a result I get mild headaches. I asked someone else to test them out and they had the same issue. I contacted the seller for an exchange (perhaps the wrong pair were sent to me) or an explanation to better clarify the experience I was having. Not one word from the seller. Customer service is still an important aspect of business.
I just recieved this item and it expired 2 months ago!! Are you serious?!
This grabber broke within the first minutes of use.
Arrived opened and damaged. Attempted to contact seller for a return with no response. Do not buy from this seller.
None of these shops are authorized nordic naturals dealers. For the money it costs, I'm going to order through nordic naturals website to insure I'm getting the high quality product I'm paying for! Scary, I've been giving these to my 3 year old.
They fell off me and my wife
Shipping is too costly
Not working for me..
Even wth peanut butter mice didn't eat the poison.
Nightlight doesn't turn off during the day. Can't find refills to fit!
Not happy with this, does not dissolve completely like they claimed. My order was fulfilled by Amazon but the company it came from was lotus blooming herbs LLC. Leaves black stuff that sinks to the bottom and does not dissolve. You have to let it sit for 20+ mins then mix it, transfer it to another cup and look at the bottom of the original cup. No matter how hard you try to dissolve them they won't, it's like plastic or something. Was not a fluke, I have been able to replicate many times. Different cups. .
Tastes like chemicals with a touch of chocolate.
I get mostly insecticide smelling grease out of the bottle. I really don't like giving bad reviews but even after you get pass the awful smell it doesn't even work. I still get mosquitoes swarming around me and still get bug bites when they get the chance.
I ordered Nature Made Magnesium. Imagine my surprise when I opened the delivery and found Nature Made Folic Acid. I tried to re-order but correct order is out of stock...
This thing electrocuted me! Not even kidding. What kind of cheaply made garbage. I get that feeling like a 9v battery pressed to the tongue, only it's pressed to my neck and a lot stronger.
never received the product
No benefit. Waste of money
My son chewed through this in less than a day. Not for heavy chewers!
I used this in conjunction with a Keto based diet. I've been Keto for almost a year, lost close to 60lbs. I used 1/2 scoop of this product daily for a week, changed nothing else. I was hoping this product would just add a boost, instead I GAINED 4 pounds! I will not be continuing to use this. Bad choice.
I was hoping good things for this. The reviews where good. They are of good quality or so it looks. The package looked legit. My son was so gassy and had huge air bubbles from this. He would wake up screaming from these. So not only having hurting gums now he was in agony from the pouches. I felt horrible giving him these things. It didn't give any relief. I never heard him scream like he did from anything other then these pouches. It made me sick to see him in that kinda pain from ridiculous homeopathy that I was tricked into believing may work. If I could sue you I would.
Stop working as soon as the return window was up.
Smelled wonderful, texture perfect but burned like hell! To the point it added blisters on top of infection. Very disappointed but will find another use for it.
This is a rip off. Do not buy. The jars are tiny. I was fooled. The product is great and I had purchased it before. These jars look like the same jars but they are tiny and a waste of money. This is dishonest on their part and should be spelled out in the description.
Received product today and it was broken inside the pakage
Nail polish way too thick, the brush is way too FAT
This is sickly sweet and smells funky!
Does not help with anxiety or depression at all
I have not received my product.
The silicone is on the wrong side of strap,when you reverse them they will leave a nasty mark on your skin almost drawing blood. You wrap from under bar not on top, Get out of the business if you don't know what your doing!!!!!
Used 3 times and broke
I ordered calcium carbonate and received potassium. And there's no way to return wrong item received.
Not what I was expecting. Hard to cinch up, seems cheap quality. I would not recommend
This is a subpar product. Several a chipped and some broken; under sized; the springs do not line up. I would have returned but I did not have a working printer to print a return label.
I can't say that I hated this product. I can say that this did not work for me.
I do NOT recommend this inulin powder. It has a horrible spoiled milk taste - I tried adding it to iced tea, apple juice, and coffee with milk and all three beverages tasted awful. Every other inulin powder I have tried is odorless and tasteless - this completely ruins the flavor of the beverage. Buy a different brand. I will be tossing the rest of this out.
it takes a LOT of product. It is definitely not a "little bit goes a long way" product. it stays very very greasy and never soaks in, very disappointed. Did not improve bruise or pain
Wish I would have read the reviews :( Knock-offs - leak more often than not. This is my 3rd kid - these are fake Huggies.
I love Think Thin peanut butter bars and chocolate brownie crunch bars, but these are DISGUSTING! I might be afraid of birthday cake anything going forward. I almost wonder if I got a bad batch, because these aren't edible.
These are impossible to use. You need superhuman hands or something to pull one down the tube.
I can't tell these do anything. Been taking them two weeks and they're not helping to suppress my appetite
This design causes the fan to constantly move away from you and swirl around. Buy one that is enclosed all the way around.
These are way too big and do not stay in place.
Terrible! DO NOT BUY!!!!!! First, it goes on *okay* I applied it very carefully however it is already peeling itself off in the bottom front corner. Most importantly, it is impossible to charge with the skin on. So now I have to take it off, since obviously charging is kind of crucial, and I have wasted my money. I would give zero stars if I could. Please, do not buy.
Bought this to wrap 3 packages for my the baby shower of my 1st Grandchild. The paper is a very nice light blue, but think before you buy it. it is not wrapping paper. Yes it's thick, but very hard to work with. And it should be called BUTCHER WRAP PAPER. Most certainly not wrapping paper. The value for $$ paid is very low. I'm disappointed with the product.
This product came already opened
Im updating this review because i just happened to be checking on something else and i had originally given this item 5 stars. That was after about 2 weeks of light use. After that the lighter started losing the ability to hold a charge, the top wouldn't close and by week 3 or 4 the entire thing literally fell apart. Most of these lighters have different brand names but come from the same vendor. This style of lighter can work great especially in the wind but you are better off avoiding the cheap ones otherwise you will end up like me
Very frustrating. Took forever the first time I used it to get measurements. The second time I tried to use it, it would never take the reading. I sprayed the sensors like I should, the battery was fully charged, I logged out and back in but nothing worked. Thank goodness I'm still in the time frame to send it back! Wanted to work!
DO NOT PURCHASE!! These strips are was too complicated to use even while following the instructions step by step. None of the colors actually match the color guide and they charge you to send the shit back. Also the app is available for Androids only.
This came to my mail box opened and leaked inside. I was shocked to see this packing.
I recieved items in a timely manner but it does not work. I put fresh battery in the purple vibrator and.....nada. Flipped the battery.....nada. Tried another battery....nada. What a rip off. It is cheap. The tiny silver one worked.
Not Tide original scent!!! Very heavy perfume odor that hangs in clothes and bedding. Must rewash several times to get the smell out. Not a happy camper with this product at all. Only consolation, Amazon agreed to issue a refund and paid to return it. Have contacted Proctor and Gamble, asked if they remember "New Coke" and suggested this product should be subject to the same fate. P&G replied: We've updated the scent of Tide Original to provide a better freshness experience particularly on dry fabrics. The Change will be going from a light, clean, herbal/green scent to a slightly warmer, rich, scent with a bit more woody notes. You will be able to enjoy the scents on your garments well after they have been washed.
Didn't work at all , my detergent is probably more effective .
Too pricey, does nothing it's suppose to do. Extremely, over priced
Silex Global company Send this item Item is used, dirty and broken, never buy from them Scammers
I can't take this product it is bad for diabetics and the heart I take medication
This is misleading — it is not dairy free, it is lactose free. Order for my infant with a milk protein intolerance and could not use. This contains whey.
They showed up all stuck together. I'm still trying to cut them apart. Need different packaging.
This is a horrible product! The first initial use is great, then trying to use it again the paint will not come out or when it finally does it's a blob of paint. I waited over a week for this to arrive. What a waste of time and money. Do Not buy this!!
A total waste of my money. I have used other products in the past with satisfaction. NOT THIS ONE. I applied a second application a few days later with no improvement.
I would not even put a start but I had too!!!!!!! the older one was white and creamy easy to apply. Now I believe you changed your formula now its more yellow and clumpy. it does not feel like it has the same effects. I thought when I received the product it was bad so I ordered another one came the same yellow tint. Now I will need to find a new product very sad as this was a life saver.
felt like i was being shocked plan to return product
Terrible it just makes noise
I thought this doubled as a ketone measurer. It does not. Very disappointed.
I have never even recieved my order I made in November snd it is now January...I've contacted the seller several times snd they have not even bothered to respond...dont waste your money or time.
Taste is TERRIBLE will not buy again
This oil smells bad. It smells like smokey burnt ashes. I will be returning this product ASAP. It's also very thick and brown and other Jamaican black castor oil products that I have used have not looked or smelled like this. I would not recommend.
Disgusting smell when blended, gave me a stomach ache each time I used in a smoothie. Kind of a gross concept now that I think about it. Going back to the vegan protein powder.
Beautiful, but only lets off steam half the time!
Too expensive for the little amount of tissue paper you get & UNRETURNABLE!
The staw is so wide you cant really suck out of it
I had high hopes, but they did not ease my morning, noon, or night sickness in the least. I'm sure it works for some women.
I NEVER EVER got the needles i just kept getting a pair of piercing clamps from same company since they don't do returns !
I didn't really like the product wish I could get my money back
I never received it... I've been looking for it ...for 2 days now..... I want m money back !
Never arrived. Contacted Amazon and seller but haven't heard back. Not sure what the problem is, but it feels sorta scammy... I want my money back.
Didn't fit my dryer, rigged it up to try it anyway and the finger pieces had sharp points of plastic sticking out which would catch on, pull, and separate my curls as I would remove it from my hair. Not what I was going for. I wanted it to slide into my roots bc that's the part of my hair that takes the longest to dry and it would help with volume, but this is not what happened. Disappointed
Just received...... Where do we charge ? Nice device haven't used it yet.
I can't finish these. They're just not very good in my opinion. Mileage always varies between folks with protein bars so maybe it's tastier for you.
These used to be the best wipes. But they changes them. We had a subscription and the last time they can the packaging was blue, like in some of the other new reviews. Checked the ingredients list to see if that had changes, and they had added a couple ingredients, but they were at the end so we figured we'd at least try it. Well, my baby has never had diaper rash... We give this new one a try and she cries when we wipe with them, and got diaper rash really bad by the end of the day. Horrible! So disappointed because we loved these wipes.. also pretty upset with Amazon for still advertising them as the old ones and randomly sending us these new ones :(
I've been buying these vitamins since 2014 and I have always bought 150 count. When I got my bottle today, it said 120 on it yet was going for the same price as the 150 tabs. Also the vitamins look different than my previous bottle (see picture). What is the deal?
Really didn't work for me
Box was damaged. With medication products, I prefer not to have damaged packaging. Won't buy from this supplier again.
The batteries came in 5 small boxes of 4 batteries, but the outside box says 24 batteries so it should have been 6 boxes of 4. Are these fake, why would each box state 24 and only 20 batteries were included. Others have the same comment. Anyone know why the small boxes of 4 are put in another boxes than states 24 and not 20? The product description states 20 so I got 20, but it seems the batteries have been repackaged.
I purchase this item June 22, and it stopped working four months later. It does not charge.
I ordered these because the picture and description specifically indicated that they were for the Fusion Proglide (NOT Fusion 5 Proglide). The Fusion 5 Proglide cartridges do not fit the older Fusion Proglide handle. The service was good in terms of shipping (which is why I bumped the rating up from one star), but please update your product picture and description so that it is not misleading to others, as it was to me.
The perforation between each bag in the roll is not quite finished so tearing each bag from the next is more of a ripping effect than breaking clean away. Other than that they are not bad.
I've taken many pump powders. This one has been the least effective. Notice no difference at all in the form of pump nor endurance. also, you cannot mix this with a preworkout as its very sweet on its own. the taste itself is rather good.
Used 3 drops in diffuser, no smell.Put 10 drops in diffuser and could barely smell it. Won't buy this product again. Not strong enough.
Pain to take. It seems that every product wants you to take it on an empty stomach. Not going to do it.
It seriously smells terrible!! If it didn't smell like it does it works just fine but honestly dislike using it because the smell lingers long after use.
Cheap, plastic came bent. Not a very good scratch sensation when compared with other backscratchers. Very small in size
not made really well
Honestly, I don't fell any different. I have no idea if there is any benefit to taking the product after 30 days.
This stevia powder is not very sweet. I have to use 3 times the amount I use with other brands of pure stevia and it is still only mildly sweetened.
I used about 30-40 pumps of this and it made some small bubbles (not "proper" bubbles but more like the tiny ones you get when you use soap or shampoo in the bath) after a couple of minutes all of the bubbles had completely disappeared. I've given two stars as the scent was nice. Perhaps it's better for babies who have extremely short baths?
This new med does not work as well as regular Sudafed . My doctor suggested to try this, but it's not as effective
Going back to my scrubbing bubbles and brush, just awkward for cleaning the tub and sinks for my large hands.
Used product for months and did not see anything improvement
For some reason the flavor really brought me to the holidays and Christmas time in the winter really good flavor but the coloring is bright green and it's very grainy Textured I am really not a fan but maybe a holiday treat
Beautiful Scale.. Exactly what I was looking for... Update: The scale is inaccurate.. Close to 6 to 7 pounds off.. I went on two separate scales and they were the same.. I guess I have to subtract the difference..
They were much thicker than the original insole and with them removed did not fit well in the shoes even after cut to size. He tried anyway and the fabric came off in the first day. We ended up giving up and just got him new shoes. The insoles were for kids adidas.
I absolutely love this product. It really works to get rid of warts fast. However, I have always had serious problems with the tube it comes in.. Every time I use it, it does not seal properly, and the gel leaks out and gets wasted. I have had to buy this product 4 times because I can hardly use it since it keeps leaking.. And when I go to use it the tube is all blocked because the gel has hardened. I really wish this would come in some kind of different tube or something.. I have had this problem every time I have bought this and I'm sick of buying it! Unless I am using it wrong, I really wish the manufacturer would do something about this.
I have 3 kids and have always liked Huggies best and I still use a different type of Huggies. These ones in particular leaked every single time by son had a poopy diaper where before I never had any issues. Won't buy this type again.
Tastes terrible, didn't help my nausea at all. Better off with a regular piece of hard candy. Waste of money.
This did not really work very well and the price is ridiculous. Much better on Amazon, but in general should not have to pay this much for an OTC product.
Poor quality, plastic sole and almost fell when I first put it on, because of it! Not enough support around the heel. It doesn't keep your foot flat which is why I need the shoe!!! I have never written a review! I hope this helps in making your decision!!! I am not sure about ordering another one and NO RETURN POLICY!!!!! Which I wasn't aware of when I ordered it! I am out $20 bucks and VERY disappointed!
I have been using these types of braces for years for Ms foot drop.. I was excited for a black color. The strap was over a foot long and had to be wrapped around twice and just slid off the back of my leg. Poorly designed.
i got nauseated each time i tried to drink it
Very Pretty Colors! But; I bought these as I thought they were very pretty and not being crafty I thought they would be a nice touch on the baskets this year. I opened the amazon bag and at first I thought they were the labels. Nope, flat ribbon no instructions not a clue on how to assemble these things. Very disappointed.
They stained from soda and smoking the 2nd day and it won't come out of it....
I have taken vegan DHA for 15 years and never had capsules taste so strongly of algae. I have to hold my nose to swallow these. I've bought this brand in the past with no problems but never this particular type. I would not buy this one again.
I had been doing some reading on Vit B 12 and found out Methylcobalamin type is better for you than Cyanocobalamin. I have noticed that my neuropathy to my feet seemed to not improve. I have taken the Methylcobalamin type before, and I think it seemed to help me more. The Methylcobalamin type is a little more expensive, but worth it for me. Otherwise, this product is inexpensive, I had no problem with a bunch of broken tablets as some people had, and the only problem, the covering of the tablets could be a little better, because they had a dusty like appearance on them. They de solve OK after a few minutes.
Have taken these for years, but they have changed them now - taste and smell terrible. They melt, even when in the fridge. Called company and was told I could return them to any Walmart, since the brand is carried there...Walmart refused to honor the return, because they were ordered through Amazon.
They are too small. Now I have 2 pkgs and probably won't use them.
Not anywhere near an appetizing smell. Smells like old socks and burnt oil. Have not noticed any difference in my hair. Do not recommend.
The packaging was not cool! It was opened when I got it. Also they hard and stale. Ugh. I love bubble gum. I work with kids. I will be buying the cherry gumballs from Connecticut after this order. I will never buy these again.
It didn't work for me.
never arrived my order, i am very disappointed
No pregnancy yet I took for 2 months
I dislike the fact that I can't contact anyone to tell them that I only received one package and not 1 case as I paid for. It would be wonderful to find a channel to remedy this problem.
After 8 months it will no longer recharge via USB. Used minimally, probably a couple dozen times. Re charged once prior just fine. When it worked it was a great idea
Had a compressed disc between my L5 and S1. Took me 3 months to get back to 75%. I still get pain everyday but wanted to tone down my ibuprofen use. Gave these bad boys a try. No relief and gave me a slight stomach pain. Would not recommend.
I need more magnification. It is my fault for not understanding how much magnification I would get according to the specs. For me, there was little change. This also feels a bit flimsy.
This product does not work. It is a waste of money.
not what i expected and it didn't work for me at all
Took as prescribed and it's not as powerful as it needed to be for me. Would it but again.
I've bought other rings and they have served a better purpose than this one. Part of it was because I thought this one was going to be heavier and more solid than the other ones; my fault for buying w/o reading the description. However, this ring isn't much different than any others out there that are stretchy plastic; no advantage or disadvantage to getting it aside from the price. So, having other rings already, the purchase of this one was useless for me.
It smells great, but it's just a bin of loose coffee grinds. Wasn't expecting that.
I noticed no difference after months.
the gel cushion was very uncomfortable and kept slipping out of the adhesive. the medicated component works really well
Did not work well for me
Couldn't tell the difference between my regular readers and putting these on.
No seal over the container which is actually unsettling. Bottle more than half empty
This product only last 8 months. The power charger dead so quick. Disappointed. Have search another one.
i had to send this back, not for cats
I like it as a hot tea or a iced cold tea. It has bad after taste but it's better with agave syrup.
The product didn't perform like the description said it
Every time i buy this it keeps going up in price . This time by $3.00
My friend said this was the best eye glass cleaner. I loved that it has it's own case and is light to carry. But I don't see that it cleans my glasses so well. I bought one for my husband and he felt the same way. Too bad, good idea.
I tried this product, but felt (could not discern) any positive (or negative) effects.
I have mix feelings about this product. I have purchased different stickers in the last year. Some have worked excellent but some have been terrible. The clown fish, the dolphin and whale stickers have lasted long on my son's bathtub. However, the shark started coming off two weeks after I installed them. Two of the five turtles I installed came off just two days after I installed them. Seems like quality control on the adhesive part is no good at all.
Not doing it for me, 2 stars because it does not upset my stomach
Underpowered. Sadly dissapointed. Really loud too.
Originally, I thought this light-weight walker was just the thing for my elderly mother, as she has severe neuropathy. She needed a light-weight walker so she could lift it into her car, when she needed to run errands. Within 2 months, it started to fall apart! The right brake stopped working. I am VERY UNHAPPY about this, especially since it was an Amazon choice.
colors are nice but product fell apart completely in one of the colors after 2nd use
Only change I noticed was that my pee is VERY yellow... I took this religiously every morning...was hoping that it would help me combat cravings and curb my appetite, but didn't notice that it did that at all.
No effects at all and gave me major constipation
Not sure what it does. It can't be felt!
Not ideal for large chested women. Tape does not hold up advertised “d” cup size.
Really did not work for all the claim
Very bad quality, not sharp, not worth it!
I take papaya enzymes because they really help protein digestion, which dampens down my acid reflux. The fruity flavor is mild and very pleasant - I have to restrain myself or I'd eat them like candy. So, why the 2-star rating? Because I thought I was just buying a bigger jar, only to find out that they are MINT-flavored. Nowhere on the front of the bottle does it indicate the flavor, which it should if it isn't the original fruit flavor. I'm really disappointed with American Health for this. I just wasted $15!
I should've read more before purchasing this item. I specifically bought it for counting steps and the counter for charge 2 is way off. I tried changing setting to my dominant hand and setting my stride. It still gives me way too many. How does one get 200 steps going from the bed to the bathroom and back to bed? This thing picks up every single hand moments as as step. Not helpful when I work on a computer and want it to help remind me to get up and move around. I can see other advantages. It's neat that it tell me I have a text.... But that's not what I bought it for and not how it's advertised/
It was ok at first then didnt do very much not very satisfied
I like the grip of the handles and their size but they do not stay clamped on my shower wall. As soon as the lock is engaged it pops back up.
Bars were not sent in a box. They arrived flattened. Disappointing
This watch is impossibly heavy as the watch itself is VERY thick. I bought it for a friend and was embarrassed to give it to her
not as expected as this is not really solving its purpose
Doesnt work good at all. Will not buy again.
After several months I find no difference.
good service product does not work
This product has the pink tint removed which is the main ingredient to tighten under eyes. Very disappointed. I will start looking at other products. This is the 3 red time this has happened.
The bag of salt broke open inside the brown Amazon shipping box. We saved some of the salt so I'm not requesting a refund but wanted to point out that it wasn't a perfect delivery
The last two orders came with the new style of diapers. We hate them. We never had leaks with the thicker diapers. My daughter's diaper leaks several times a week with this new version.
only half full and melty looking not effective
There are better products out there. Squeaks the whole time, and doesn't cancel out noise in a noisy environment
Very cute for the first time or two but will erode in the water. I was at the beach so I'm sure saltwater didn't help. Delicate clasp.
Well Product is great. However strawberry flavor felt like a cough syrup.
The back brace is fine. The problem I have is with telemarketers. I am convinced that someone sold my name and phone number. Shortly after receiving my order (despite the fact that I am on the "no call list"), I started receiving persistent phone calls (3 - 4 times a day) from a telemarketer trying to sell additional braces and other pain relieving devices. The sales pitch is very deceiving, as the caller implies that they represent Medicare and warns that if I do not reply positively that Medicare could "declared me ineligible for further services. The automated calls offer to remove you from the call list if you press 9, which I have done repeatedly with no success, the calls keep coming. Be forewarned!
I have used this product several years. This jar was gritty. It also seemed to be whipped much looser than before. It does finally smooth out by continuing to rub the product on the skin. Not pleased this time around.
After burp is terrible.
I was really hoping this item would help with some blood sugar control..I've been taking it for about 2 months without change
One of the seams was incomplete (had a hole in the seam) and I hate to return items as it is too much trouble.
This does not work. Seriously.
Small and very disappointed with the size...It looks like something for a child.....
Already have a cane with this exact design (purchased 10 years ago from Travel Smith), and wanted a matching one, as walking with two canes is better for my mother than using a walker. The design on this cane is the same, but the quality of the cane, and the diameter is very different. This one is too narrow for the quad cane tips that I purchased from Amazon. The metal doesn't appear very thick, so not substantial. Unfortunately, I can return it, IF I pay the postage. I'll just donate it to a charity, as it won't satisfy our needs.
I didn't see a difference.
I used to love my Versa and I still do but I was on vacation 2 weeks ago and the Fitbit fell apart! Out of nowhere the glass portion came out of the holder that touches your wrist! I superglued it back in but ever since the battery sucks! It used to hold a full charge for about a week but now I have to charge it every 2-3 days. I haven't even had it for a year and it's already falling apart. Almost regretting this Versa
I just wanted it for the steps turned all the other options off and I cant get the battery to last 24 hours. It said up to 5 days. So I was expecting at least 24 hours.
I usually get store brand cups. This is the first time I have tried out Hefty and I am not happy. They are super thin and crack very easily.
The battery package was not in tack; batteries fell out of the package when it was removed from the mailing envelope (which was a white business envelope).
Second kit with leaking check valve. SoClean needs to fix this problem.
This did nothing for me but maybe I didn't take it long enough? I have moderate anxiety and unfortunately have only found a few natural alternatives that help me in only the slightest bit. Mindfulness has helped me the most. I would suggest learning to meditate or getting a mindfulness book before trying to take any pills/supplements for anxiety.
The flower straws look a little cheap.. does not look like the picture. I was a little disappointed.
Not the same product as shown. Plastic twist cap with plastic thread.
6 capsules for one serving not the best deal
Never dissolves in my washer on first try, while I don't find this an issue with other grocery store brands
These don't taste very good. I hoped for a more lemony taste but it just tastes like a sugar coating. I won't buy them again. Disappointed in the bar.
Do yourself a favor...go buy some real ginger root and use a grater!! I have used capsules from this company before with good results. But this bottle of capsules gave me pain in my intestinal tract and throat within a half hour of each dose...no matter how much water I drank to take them with. Recently I was having a particular bad digestive day after eating out. I took 1 pill 4 times within the day. That night I woke up with frightening gnawing pain (like before only way worse)...in my stomach and chest. I went out later and bought some real ginger root in the produce section of my grocery store...made some ginger tea and added some to my meals...and BINGO...best idea I ever had. The trouble with capsules is you never know what you are actually getting...but with real food it's hard to deny!
It worked great the first night. Not so much afterwards. I don't know if my body adjusted or what have you but after a week, I gave up.
There was nothing different after using this product....
Could not tell that it did much.
Did not see any benefits after 250 capsules. I purchased 2 bottles. waiting...
These had horrible evap lines.
The package arrived severely damaged. Two cans were completely empty and four others were dented to the point to where one cannot possibly drink from it. Packaging of this product is poor to say the least.
Not able to use the holder at the back meant for razor, my gilette razor doesn't fit in.
I have used this 3 days a week, no pain releif. I hope it works for others!
Bristles break apart from handle and bamboo is not treated with a nice smooth finish. Feels like a dry piece of wood every time you brush.
Comes folded up so you will have ugly crease lines on your packages.
The corrector is bulky making difficult to wear it with office clothing. I had to leave it for home
They only worked 30 percent of the time. Not enough to be a solution.
The adhesive on these arches does not stick. The arch is nice, but can I keep it in my shoe.
Mine snapped in half. I mean I like strong pressure but not unreasonably. I feel like this should have been able to stand enough resistance to work out the kinks in my mid-back. Giving it two stars because it worked great for about a month. However, I would not recommend this product.
Glue is very sticky, I cannot to remove it from foot.
Really liked product but it quit working after about 7 times of use.
Used straight 3 months but didnt help. Dont do the mistake of using it every month give a gap as well. Cons Do not use this product even if it causes a slightest burning sensation. Pay close attention and monitor how you feel before and after. Dont simply go by reviews. Pros It good and not sticky
The pictured product was what I wanted but they sent a different zep stone cleaner. Sooo disappointed.
Product does not do what's advertised. 0% results. Very disappointed.
Took 2 and was burping up lavender for hours. careful
Bought it thinking it would fit with the dimensions on the product page, but turns out it's way too small for my size, had to find an XL one.
it don't fit my recliner it is not that good
Not very soft nylon bristles
The product is fine. What can go wrong with a simple straw?! However this vendor will send unsolicited emails (spam) with a misleadingly demanding subject line, urging you to post a review... of your straws..
I ordered the birthday bags and I got the baby theme. Disappointed in seller. Bag quality looks good.
Hard to extract from pack. Rip while trying to get out.
Could not use this with my mothers bed.
I wish these would have worked. I bought them in hopes they would help with my nighttime clenching and grinding. I ruined the first guard when I tried to shape it. It curled up so fast and I didn't try to use it. I'm glad I trialed the shaping part with the smaller size. The second one I have yet to get it right. I've tried to reshape it multiple times but I just can't get any relief. I'll keep trying but only because I just can't afford the $300 guard from the dentist.
I bought this based on reviews. Its taste is very strong for stevia and it didn't dissolve well when comparing to a few other brands.
Slept 6 nites for 4 hrs and then laid awake. Just didn't hel kee me asleep unfortunately. Seems like very expensive packaging for each pill. Nicely done but recommend simpler packaging to make the order more reasonably priced
I took the entire bottle, following the directions. and these did not make a difference in my overall oral health.
The nylon rods twist very easily. The idea works well just need to give the rods a little more straight.
I lived how they felt and that they didn't move but after an 8 hour day at work I came home to one of them almost ripped apart and the other ripped by the toe ring. I just got these yesterday. Should have held up a lot longer than this. I would take a refund or something and gladly send these back. Can't believe it
Good cooking foil but not the same brand or type.
I was interested in the scent, but even when I got it, it wasn't that great. I was using it underneath some cabinets, like 3 sprays, and even with that little amount, it was pretty rough inhaling the light residue that was around from the spray. I've not had this issue with other natural products.
Well I'm using it for 6 months now and just the first 2 months worked on me, like my periods was exactly on time and no acne but after that stopped working and it doesn't do anything anymore, i have PCOS i was trying to use some medicines that are natural without any hormones and i was hopping that this would work on me and i was happy that works for the first 2 months but after that it make me disappointed :( I don't know why but the capsules was white to pinkish color and right now its green.
So I bought this back brakes because I injured my back I had it for 30 days and the metal rods rip through the fabric other than that it worked great for my back for the time
Not very wide, less than expected. Material is thin and not very sturdy.
After reading so many positive reviews, I purchased this conditioner along with the shampoo. After using both products for a week, there was no improvement and the flaking increased. I wanted to give the products a chance to work, so I continued using them for over two months. Sadly, there was no improvement and it seems to have made my scalp psoriasis worse. Like other similar products, it is not a cure-all and will not work the same for everyone. It was worth a try, but it just did not work for me. As a conditioner, it left my hair dried out and frizzy.
it'a good idea but it will only work for certain body types. If your clit is not within an inch of your hole, you wont receive much stimulation. Also, this is way too loud to wear in a public setting that is not extremely loud. It cant be worn if you work in an office or at any setting that does not have background noise. The remote works, but it has to be in a linear angle to the actual vibrator or it wont register.
Foam earplugs work better. Not worth the money. Barely cancelled any noise.
Doesn't work well with a beard.
Took forever to ship and poor quality with sharp edges
I was excited but this makeup fades within minutes . But it's pretty when you first have it on
This thing may be accurate with overall weight, but nothing else. You're better off buying a regular scale.
If you like strong massagers, then this is not for you. They also don't allow for refunds or exchanges while other products in this category do. Don't take a chance on this just because it was pretty like I did. Just get a better wand type or something advertised as super strong. The shape of this thing makes it very easy to hold but not right for most women's intended purpose in my opinion.
These aren't the ones I thought they were. They are just ok. I'm bummed they don't have the razors without the soap bar. I'm not a fan of those. It's just okay and does the job I guess
Did very little if anything for my Pug's eyesight. I tried to get the actual Lutein content from the company , but was told it was proprietary, so no. I gave it 2 stars only because of the Dr. Mercola's otherwise good rep. Using NaturVet formula now for 2 months, eyesight vastly improved.
Got this for a family member. It is very clumsy to handle, esp. for elderly. The push button tab is the problem I would not recommend getting this product. Go with the ones that do not have the push button open tabs on them.
Have been using for almost a month and haven't seen a difference in what I purchased them for. Still will finish them out and if I see a change I will update my review!
Have had better relief from other products price was right
Hard to get together, Half to fold and then fold lid and get them to go over the box.
I'm sure it's a great product but cannot get past the, headache causing, chemical smell. When buying products without all the bad chemicals the smell of the product is also very important.
The actual seat is smaller than the bowl and fits very awkwardly. A higher priced item might have been worth the difference in price.
its just candy.. dont waste your money on this
These batteries are okay, the work and last only for a short time I feel, I've bought other versions of this battery and found them to be much more life last wise.
Did not like the flavor at all.
Product worked great for the first month. After that it wouldn't charge. I would cut it on and it clicked right back off. Very disappointed.
Does. Not work for me like other I have purchased.
Pretty sure these batteries had terrible longevity in my various smart devices (e.g. door contact sensors) vs energizer.
Air Wick changed their Apple Cinnamon fragrance. The new fragrance has the same name but smells completely different. I liked the original and I don't like the new one.
It doesnt last long. It breaks after a few months
Quality seems fine, but these are not bright red as shown in the image, but more of a light red/almost pink color. Label on napkins says 'Rustic Red.' which is not stated anywhere on Amazon listing. Unfortunately unable to return.
Just received the syrup this past Saturday and was going to make pancakes for breakfast today, Monday. Opened the box to find the bottle top is totally broken. Really DISAPPOINTED in the basic care in packaging as no padding in the box. Now I have to think of a way to close or find another container that has a working and closable top.Sad!!.
It had sharp edges to the curved part so I had to sand down the corners and the curve to avoid splintering and scratches. Maybe due to mass production? However, now that I sanded out the rough/sharp parts it is fine and the handle is made of a thicker wood and seems durable. Prob wouldn't recommend or buy again and not sure it's worth $5.
I found this difficult to use. I hoped it would work for me but I couldn't squeeze it enough to get any suction. It made my thumb hurt trying. I saw a video of a woman that used it with success, however, her husband helped her put it on.
Very disappointed in the quality of the utensils. The prongs on the fork warped after one use - and we did not subject them to heat or overly hot water (hand washed). The other utensils generally felt "cheap".
Smells alright, not my fave. I had the pink one before and like that scent better. This causes my armpits to stink if I sweat heavily. The pink one seemed to work ok for me. I have since switched brands and notice that even on a heavy sweating day the new brand does not cause me to stink and actually lasts all day without reapplying! So I think this scent or the formula caused me to stink :(
The led light worked great to clean my sons ear until it stopped working. I charges it for 3 hours, 6 hours, 10 hours and NOTHING light barley works. It does light up is it is plugged in (so not very useful). Picked this product over other because it looked better quality. Guess I was wrong I am returning this product
Very messy, because it's powder
Just as so many reviews state, there is way too strong a stevia flavor and after taste. I like most everything but it took adding 1/2 grapefruit, power greens, maca powder and turmeric to subdue the flavor a bit. But then any time I burp in the day, I can still taste it. Will not be purchasing again!
These are not as strong as what I have purchased before. Husband complains because he chews them up into little pieces. Bad Habit........
I'm not sure if the oil leaked out of the bottle or if the bottle was only half full.
Notice how the picture includes two more stacks to make you feel like you are getting something for your money...WAY over priced. Won't buy again.
Didn't work...even after many applications.
I generally like this product, and have used it many times. Purchased from Useful Universe and the box I received was wrapped in plastic (it's never come this way before) with tape covering the perforated (usual) opening on the box and the bottom of the box was discolored when the plastic came off. It was not stored in a damp place so I assume it came this way. The bottom of the box was solidified and had obviously gotten wet but was dry. I can only assume this is why it was wrapped in plastic. I'll purchase from a different vendor in the future.
They have a strange smell and taste and my 3 year old won't eat these. They have a sugar-like coating ...not smooth like an average gummy.
It tastes fake and excessively sweet. I purchased it in hopes of enjoying pomegranate flavor and its medicinal qualities in my daily water consumption regimen and found myself reluctant to drink it after trying the first few sips. Disappointed. Right into garbage!
Very hard to inflate. Two of the balls had holes in them.
I know it's free, but don't advertise it as being worth $35 when it clearly isn't. I received a 4oz bottle, a muslin blanket, and a bunch of samples. This is nothing compared to what I got in the box two years ago with my first!
I hate to leave a bad review because I really like how this works and using it to relieve stress. However, after just a few normal uses, the seam broke and spilled out the rice. I'm not sure if I got a defective product or if it is made poorly, but it's really frustrating that it broke just a few days after the 30 day return window. It's not like this is a super expensive item but I definitely would expect it to last more than 1 month for the price. I'm giving it a 2 because it worked well before it broke.
It did not take the red away,just lightened it.
I must say that this company is the best I've dealt with! The product I purchased was not as expected for my needs, not only did the reach out and offer a better heating pad but once they found out I had already purchased another product, they offered a full refund. This is the best customer service I have ever received and I highly recommend using them. If I'm ever in need of another, I will be going through them ONLY.
These do not work with my tens unit. I researched before my purchase and questioned seller, but they still were not the right fit.
Didn't help at all. Still hungry and actually eating more prior to taking. I ordered another bottle and I'm hoping maybe it will start working but feeling very pessimistic
I got this for the wooden handle, but it feels like it's balsa wood & going to give you splinters. I ended up wrapping the whole handle in electrical tape. Just get another one, this one is trash.
Get what you pay for
I really cannot tell much if any difference when I use this. It is also one of the worst things I've ever smelled. It smells like a bad perm. Wish I could return it.
I bought this for my husband after he had had a stroke. We use this to keep track of his blood pressure and heart rate. The works surprisingly well, given the price. We tested it at the doctor's office, and it was pretty close to accurate. I also love that it keeps a record of all readings (though only those performed using the app, and not those initiated from the unit, directly). **UPDATE: 5 days after the return window closed, it's dead. It won't charge.
The label says it's peppermint flavor. However there is ZERO flavor of peppermint. Not a good taste at all. There are better products out there that actually taste like what the label proclaims.
I think they have been sitting on the shelf. The contents in the capsule look dried up.
I took it as instructed. After a couple hours I felt my face flush a little bit, nothing visually noticeable, but I felt it for a bit. I did feel a little bit "fuller" down there, but didn't exactly made it hard. I don't have problems getting an erection, so I went and got one on my own, I barely noticed any difference, just a regular one, lasted the same amount, and felt the same. There might be a difference for people with ED, but I didn't notice anything myself.
Didn't like fabric; too rough
The cap does not seal tight so it leaks. I would not recommend you to buy this brand. There are others on Amazon that specify leak-free. Go with them. Don't buy this product.
After slightly more than a year of use the "brushed aluminum" finish is flaking off revealing what looks like pot metal underneath. I will have to throw it away soon and buy something else.
Somehow was less effective than normal off-brand regular strength antacid.
Product works great, but packaging was poor this time. One package was leaking - and a mess as a result. The other was in the origina box at least, but looked very old. Might want to consider a different vendor for tis product. Dependable relief for minor arthritic pain. A bit pricey, but gets the job done.
Have been using for awhile now with no noticeable results...sadly.
I don't like these as much as some of the other pads out there. These are more affordable but always bunch up and never stay in one place. I would recommend a different brand
If you want to quit and need a product to help with the cravings of putting a cigarette to your mouth this product is great. Only flaw or positive is the horrible taste.
It holds a charge for only about 3 days. It doesn't seem as accurate as my previous Alta. It doesn't sync well when I am exercising. The band has the type of closure that doesn't work very well. (Not Fitbit's fault, but the off-label replacement bands have been awful.) I'm looking for another solution to my fitness tracking. I've had the Alta. It failed while I was on a cruise. I'm going to try using the clip device that attaches it to clothing and hope that is better.
I bought this because it was inexpensive and I needed it as a part of a craft I was making. It looks super cool but only worked for about a day.
This brand didn't work as well for me as others do.
The product itself is decent but it arrived completely empty because it spilled all over my other products before I could even use it.
Guess i should have read better and not went by he picture, it's tiny. Also disappointed that i some how paid over 20 dollars and the next days it's only 7 something. Hope it is worth it. Smells good.
Battery waist super quick , do not buy
I was really, really disappointed with the colors!!!! They were so vibrant in the pictures but very faded out in reality. Great potential but they just look sleazy.
Not stable mounted on the walker, the rubber mounts do not grip our aluminum walker frame. Make sure to match walker and required tray dimensions. Shop for correct fit.
So small, it's better to buy 100 count cotton from target
Chocolate tasted old
I was disappointed because the picture shows Scott Naturals. I thought that's what I was purchasing. It is not the Naturals.
About 40-45 days past, I can hardly see blue color. Not sure if it killed any bacteria or helped to keep my toilet any cleaner. Will go back to using old school tabs.
Not in real packaging maybe they are new, maybe not.
If you use them with soda it causes the soda to explode. Otherwise everything is good!
Good variety, but they were not good. I bought the lemon one at the store thinking they'd all be as good, but so far only the lemon one is.
Firstly, we live in Florida and it gets pretty steamy here nine months out of the year! My husband and I bought this in hopes that it would provide a natural solution that is non-toxic. The reality for us is that: 1. The "roll-on" application sticks. I mean, one out of 4 of these bottles actually has a roller application that rolls. The other three did not roll without my physically having to try and roll it by hand, and even then, I could not use two of them at all. Which means that it's hard to get the actual product out of the deodorant. 2. Once we did get the product out, it's too much and after a couple applications, it created chafing and stung my armpits. 3. I would apply it, then blot it with a hand towel, then wave at my pits to cool the stinging, and then by the afternoon, need to wash my armpits and do it again. So frustrating. So, no. We did not love this product. Two stars for trying to create a non-toxic solution though. We will keep looking...
Not as strong and not as nice as the ones I buy in the store... knock offs??
This does not come out of the bottle very well at all. I wouldn't buy it again for that reason. I got so fed up with trying to get it out, I stopped using it so I don't know whether or not it works.
I bought for my son since he doesn't eat much. He didnt like it. He prefers original Ensure.
didnt remove the wart totally
Didn't notice any impact...too soon to know?
Didn't do a thing for me.
Had the increasing vibration levels I needed for more intense pain- bought this about 6 months ago and it's already broken- the feature I wanted no longer works and it sticks at the lowest vibration setting, which is not helpful at all for the kinks I need worked out.
My husband said I still snore. I feel like I can breathe better. I'm going to keep working on it. My son snores I gave him the bigger ones to try. I really hopes it works for him.
Wrong size sent. Disappointed that it's almost as expensive to return/exchange as it is to buy another set! I've ordered the 100 set and thinking about canceling and finding another source.
Too sweet and I usually don't mind sweet things. It was hard to drink an entire bottle of water with this stuff because of the sweetness
These simply don't last long. They leak through after about 8-10 washes.
Worked great for a while. This worked great for washing my bedridden husband's hair; however, it has a large rip in it now. One of the seams has started separating. I would think that a product bought on Amazon would be better quality. This basin is not even being used every day; maximum 3-4 days a week. Very disappointed.
Bought the vanilla as that is my favorite flavor in protein drinks. Was impressed with the high protein and low sugar, but, unfortunately, it tastes awful. It really didn't have a vanilla flavor and was gritty. I've tried many brands and this was the worst tasting of all of them. Will have to suffer through 12 of these.
They all came destroyed and power everywhere. Glue from the sticker seal somehow melted all over everything and was a sticky mess. They all basically smelt the same. Not really worth it.
To lubrication on these condoms he's very greasy to the touch condom has such a foul odor.
Thought that the one I tried was just faulty, but it appears that both are. The bottoms of the mask doesn't conform properly to the face and allows light in. Quite disappointing because they are really comfortable.
Unfortunately my kids think these taste terrible.
The silicone balls really effect drying time, wad up hairs w lint, bang loudly in dryer tub. Not worth saving $ on dryer static sheets!
Okay, but take with food!
Upset my stomach. I've taken higher potency products so I can only assume it's in the filler.
not sure if i'll continue using these - no point in mixing rubber taste with pipe tobacco flavor. strong rubber taste right after a good wash with soap. EDIT: downgraded to 2 star. I used just one tip for just 2 pipe bowls in the course of 2 or 3 hours. Then I threw out the tip because it tasted so bad. But now my pipe stem reeks of rubber. Seriously that one tip seems to have ruined my pipe stem.
works well enough but getting it ready to use, cleaning and drying are kind of a pain.
Didn't work for our clogged drain after using both bottles in two days and following directions. We had to call the plumber.
I wanted to try this for something different and the taste is good, but it is lacking creatine that is found in my usual pre-workout. It has green coffee extract that is supposed to be an appetite suppressant, but I have no interest in that.
Read fine print. Didnt realize I was paying 6.50 for a tiny sample bottle.
Hello could you please find out what happened. I already put info in regard of this when i received email letting me know that item delivered. I received my second order with sunscreen but not this single order. could you please either send the item or refund my purchase. It has been more than a week. thank you
They're very cute as pictured but they are not good quality. I've had lots of paper straws before that did not get soggy so quickly. These got soggy in my soda after about 3 minutes.
It seems to work for some people, but not all. I wasn't surprised when this didn't work for me.
The description said the color was tan but the one i got was green. I had a hard time lining the edges up to close as the plastic was bent a little on the bottom half.
Very displeased, Came with several fiber bars and not the high protein. Not what is advertised.
Yuck! These chocolate coconut bars are the worst I've ever tasted. Waxy with a distinctive protein taste that I have not experienced in any other bar. I'll choke them down since I paid for them, but I'm glad I got the small pack. So far the Costco Kirkland signature bars are the best and they even have a lot of fiber.
Is uncomfortable and does not stay on my foot during the night.
I saw other posts about this vitamin and hopes not to have a bad experience, but I did. The pills are not expired so I don't know how they got like I showed in the picture.
Less than a year after I purchased, voltage had dropped to less than 1.0 V. Should be at least 1.5 V.
Smaller than id like for am arc lighter
Overpriced and the scent is too strong I would opt for cheaper options that are more effective
I thought this would be different than most lubes that say they add more sensation---usually with terms like "warming" or tingling"----but like all the rest "added sensation" just means it burns. I didnt see peppermint on the ingredients list which is usually what lubes add and so I thought I'd give this a try. The bursting beads do feel good at first and do add more pleasure and sensitivity, BUT after less than a minute the burning started. On top of that, this is not wet and slick like most lubes but thick, slimy, and viscous. This might be for some people, but it is not for me
These gloves run relatively small. My biggest complaint is that they are VERY VERY SLIPPERY, at times the dish litterally slide out of my hands, luckily I was workin over a basin full of water. In addition, I was not comfortable picking up something heavy. If I could return them I would
Was really excited about this product, but when applied it has a really foul smell. In the jar it has a pleasant smell, but once applied it has a really foul smell.
When I received this the box was all banged up. I could have dealt with that but the smell of it was not good either.
I purchased this based on the reviews. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. I was nervous when it said to take 4 pills two times day. I started the first day with 2 pills twice a day to ease into it. The following night I started with 4. Nothing. It wasn't until day 4 when I had a bm. It's a joke. I mean, 4 pills at once says enough, not powerful. Everyone is different, just didn't work for me.
The light and magnifying glass is awsome I really like this concept. However I am very disappointed in the clamp that holds the light. This is made of plastic and the light it's self is heavy to heavy for the clamp it will not hold the light. We had to modify it with screw to hold it to a surface. If the clamp had been made of steel this would not be a problem.
Did not work as well as I expected, takes a while to get things lit up. Not worth the money.
Like: product odor, effectiveness (have used before); Dislikes: 2nd time I've ordered a Caldrea product on Amazon and it has leaked badly during shipping. Does Caldrea not know that you can SEAL a bottle and put dispensers on the side to insert after shipping???
It's made for an average size foot and I a wear a size 12 wide.It's a great concept but it does fit wide feet. i am trying to use it but I have to turn it upside
Have sent back 2 times and on my 3rd one keys stick and mouse went out on all of them. so about to send back #3 and going to select another keyboard this time.
Didn't work after multiple applications.
Of course everyone's mileage will vary, but make note if you have a larger leg, these will be painfully tight at the top. They will fit probably most regular sized legs, but if you would consider your leg/calf area to be "2 XL" or larger due to size or swelling, these are too tight compared to others I've tried. Made well enough, but for small to regular size only.
Didn't know it could cause birth defects
this product does not dissolve well in liquids...even in hot coffee. it instead clumps up into gooey balls . other collagen powders that I have purchased (on Amazon) do dissolve completely. i will not be purchasing this again.
Nice to have option of making up supplements in advance. Was using 7 day and decided to try this one. Looks nice , plenty of room, but when try to dispense one day, other days pop open causing pills to spill everywhere. Have tried several times to insure properly closed, but latch mechanism is very poorly designed. Would not buy again.
Gave me stomach problems so I stopped
The nose piece was bent, I am afraid to bend them back into position. Other than that they are OK. It really irritates me when I get slightly defective products.
It is a good price for the amount of tubes, but mine are way too soft. The wax is almost mushy and comes off in chunks when applied. It is winter time so the sun didn't cause them to melt. Not sure if something happened to them in production or during shipping to cause them to stay too soft. Even putting them in the fridge doesn't stop them from coming apart when applied
I kept sliding down the ramp. Returned it. This is too big to travel on airlines as well. It would almost take up an entire large suitcase.
Didn't work as expected . Tummy upset . Not planning to buy again
I searched and searched for the best inserts to put into shoes I was wearing for my friends wedding. I knew it was going to be a long day with lots of standing and I NEEDED comfortable shoes! I put ball of foot pads in all of my heels, no matter how high they are. They just feel better! I wanted to try these because I liked the idea of the weight transfer pad and they got great reviews! So I made it through the wedding and they actually were comfy! The problem is wearing them AGAIN. I used the permanent adhesive and it is absolutely not permanent. After maybe 2-3 more wears, The cushion started slipping and the sticky stuff was sticking out and stuck to my foot. The cushion on the other foot started cracking. I eventually ripped them both out and it damaged the inside of my shoe. I've put a new cushion over the remainder of the sticky residue and can wear my shoes again. I had high hopes for these but unfortunately they did not deliver.
To complicated - the instructions are written so small I need a magnifying glass just to read the instructions which confuse me even more
While the nicotine does its job, the taste/flavor is NOT comparable to Nicorette. Nicorette has a "crunchy" coating which adds to the flavor, I believe, and the overall flavor of the gum last a long time. The texture is also good. This gum reminds me a lot of Costco's Kirkland brand of gum. The flavor is not strong like Nicorette and the texture of the gum is more like, I imagine, chewing on clay. So if you are on a budget and need some nicotine gum, it does the job but it is not a replacement of the flavor and texture of Nicorette, in my opinion. I'll be switching back to Nicorette.
This stuff tastes seriously horrible, I received it today and I hope I can tolerate it to finish the container but I honestly don't know. It gave me decent energy without any jitters but it definitely doesn't get me as amped as other products.
Came is fine handle could be more curved padding added
Not thrilled at receiving "fresh" batteries loose in a beat up plastic baggie. I won't use this vendor again.
I love this product and ordered and paid for five only two came in the order.
Bottom part of sole started to peel off after second time of use
When I ordered I did not realize that this was a pack of 2 soaps. I thought it would be 4 soaps for the price.
Works about as good as a regular pan. Will not buy again.
I have bunions and wear heels frequently. These do help but are a little to firm for my feet.
Easy to refill and use. Not durable. Both lighters stopped emitting torch-like flame after a couple weeks. Turned into regular lighter flame. Then just stopped lighting even tho it was filled with butane.
The label contains very misleading claims: "CHANGES COLOR WHEN CLEAN" and "TURNS WHITE WHEN CLEAN." The fact is that it changes color and turns white whether it is clean or not. This is not a potent cleaner. Progress is incremental. I will now try to find a product that works.
Don't know how anyone can walk with this without killing themselves. I tried it for a couple days while trying to heel from foot surgery. I had such a hard time keeping my balance with it. Almost fell on my face about 100 times. Sent it back.
Meh. Kinda stinks and not like it says it will. Bubbles aren't that great either.
I couldn't use it for the taste was so bad . I gave it away.
Not for me. Feels too small and leaks. To get it not to leak it must be so tight I wake up with a sore face. Going back to non memory foam!
I ordered these, and I got 12 boxes of the same scents, even though the boxes are labeled different. I thought it was me at 1st, but I got a cup of coffee grounds to reset my smell, and no rose smell, definitely no patchouli smell, and so on. I will keep the incense, because the scent is not bad, but will never buy from these ppl again.
This product did nothing for me.
Having problem with fitting. The mask come with adjustable ear strap and metal sheet along the nose. The straps works fine and can beat elastic band in long run, but the mask seemed to have problem stay tight around my face. I wear 3M N95 masks occasionally and they fit perfectly so I assume my face is not too far from a regular one.
I like this product, it works very well for me, However, placed 2 orders with the seller, total 12 bottles, all will be expired within 2 months.
The picture looked great and I wanted it for a lower disc problem. I already had a lightweight Futuro by 3M but wanted a backup. I found this Vive to be very bulky, heavy, and too cumbersome for back support for golfing. Since Amazon now charges for returns, (I believe 20% of the product cost), I just kept the product as a backup for perhaps heavy lifting, but not for golf.
pads did not stay on
Even double bagged these spring leaks after a week of coffee grounds, produce scraps, etc. I wanted to avoid washing the compost bucket but these aren't the solution.
I didn't like them at all my feet were hurting more with them in my shoe
Very uncomfortable and I am tiny
Kind of annoying to use. Doesnt sync properly in the morning and I was too grumpy and tired to make it work. When it did sync upon starting, it worked well. If you have patience, it would be good buy.
Save your money for a better protein bar, these are bland & both dry & chewy at the same time.
Half my batch pooped before being released. I was pretty bummed. Still have the rest of the bag laying there. Not gonna spend my $ on helium when half are just gonna pop.
It taste like blood, its really terrible
My kids hated these. The regular probiotic gummies I buy we're out of stock so I settled on these. They smell awful and taste even worse.
This massager worked wonders on sore muscles. Too bad it only lasted only 2 months before it died.
I like wafers but whatever the ingredient is used to sweeten these bars leaves a terrible after taste. I really don't like these bars. I ordered the assorted flavors to really give them a try and I was super bummed
I loved it while it did work. However it's electric and doesn't use batteries. The vibratory died within a month. I'm a little disappointed. But it was fantastic when it was working properly.
Purple balloons didn't float at all, and 3 latex balloons had a hole in them.
Not what was expected.
Item was way to Small
It made my grandkids hyper and it took them more time to fall asleep.
It never remembers the users (there are two of us). I constantly have to reset it. I have mine set to do a normal weight which includes body fat, water, etc. and it never keeps the setting, which means I always have to also reset the weight settings. Extremely frustrated and going to return it.
Size is fine for the gifts I was putting together, it was what I expected. However, these are NOT peel and stick backs as described. I was not able to use them for the gift packages because I just wanted to be able to peel and stick, not have to make a bunch of tape loops...not very pleased.
I was excites to try these but unfortunately they were too dry to roll. Moistening them or a bit of steam softened some of them. Flavor is there, but not your typical strawberry flavor you'd normally taste in such product; lets just say its a sweet flavor. The wrap around the tubes is cool looking lol.
I am a huge fan of the regular soft picks they make. Found these to be too big, too thick and a waste of plastic. Yes, they're solid -- but I keep them close to my desk and if by mistake I leave one on my desk I'd be horrified if someone saw it. I much prefer the other ones as they are small, easy to hide, thin and I don't feel guilty throwing them out after a few hours.
This XL is not large enough for s large waisted man. Much too tight so I gave them to my wife.
Is it normal not to break down when it blends with water (other products blend easy in my blender bottle)
the patches are very difficult to remove. They tend to come off in little bits. I have tried to wet the patch before and it still comes off in bits. There is a strong ginger smell that others thought offensive. Due to the difficulty of removal, I haven't use it enough to see if there is any benefit to using the patches. Find something else. The gummy residue left on the skin took about a half hour to remove most of the gummy residue. It wasn't all removed at once.
At first it really helped with digestion which was an unexpected boon. After a couple of weeks, the opposite happened. It caused severe constipation. I thought an ER visit was needed, it was that bad. I'm returning it.
Did not work for me and the pills very large and hard to swallow.
Didn't notice this becuase I usually took it in dim light st night but one day I took it near my lamp and noticed yellow and black stuff on this. What?!?! I've been taking this for a couple of weeks now. Who knows if this is old or dirty or just fake?? Very disappointed!
Too soft in my opinion. Depends on what you're looking for.
I had high hopes for this collagen. I did notice a huge difference in my hair, it thickened it up and it's been growing faster after not quite four weeks of taking this. BUT , My entire face broke and neck broke out badly. This is the only new supplement that I have been taking, I even stopped taking it for about a week to heal up the break out and tried it again and once again my face and neck even parts of my scalp broke out really bad. Not sure what's causing the breakouts in this product but I will not be continuing it. I am switching to Great Lakes gelatin In the green cylinder.
Dissapointed. Did not work at all for my irregularity. Would be nice to receive a refund.
A bit disappointed. Fits like a regular sock and top of sock is too loose. Bummer
I didn't notice a difference at all
When I found this about a year ago it was amazing. It was the only thing I found that would help keep away ingrown hairs on my face. It was very viscous, almost a paste, so you could use it with a brush to exfoliate. It worked amazing. The new formula is extremely watery, does not really foam, and can not be used how the old formula was. I have used it for a couple weeks now. Although it still works about the same as any other benzoyl wash, it no longer is the superior product it was before.
I ordered a 270 capsules but have received 90 capsules. Pathetic..
I have used this a couple of times. It charged well the first time. The second time it was a pain to get it to start charging but it finally worked. The third time I tried to charge it, it would not charge. I'm a little upset about this because it's brand new and I just opened the box about 2 weeks ago. Waste of money as it's going to the trash. I will update my review if I either get a refund or another one that isn't defected in the mail.
The only one plastic container that comes with the order broke as soon as I opened it the unscented wipes. If I could return the whole box of 8 refills and 1 plastic container with a lid that broke when I opened it, I would.
Nice presentation box, but it's functionality is similar to other products with a significantly lower price.
These were big enough, but pretty see-through. I used two on one gift so you couldn't see what was inside. Also, one was sealed on all 4 sides - I had to slice the seam off to use it.
Wouldn't comfortably wrap around my swollen thumb. Perhaps better for kids hands... idk
They taste ok. I dont like how they aren't hard candy or chewy! Some weird material in the middle. Didn't do a thing for my anxiety. Sad.
Wish I could say these did a good job, but I tried it just with water like it said and used on my dishwasher, refrigerator, stove and hood. Left streaks and didn't even seem to clean. I wouldn't recommend.
The bottle is durable but leaks out between the dividers. The preworkout half of the cup constantly seeps into the protein half. The bottle is also so bulky it's annoying to carry around if you don't have a gym bag.
Didn't soothe the throat.
Saw a commercial so thought I would try them. They don't stick well. Are very tiny and despite putting several patches on location I was hurting got no relief whatsoever.
I bought this medicine contains 600 wealth of pill and the expiration date is just a year. I don't think I will by from that seller again
sticky and it don't last very long
The handle is very short. Would not have purchased had I known this. If you are not 5 “2 or less don't buy this!
THE TASTE ARE REALY BAD,TERRIBLE.
Ugly colors, plus for of them were translucent. I gave two stars because Sally Hansen quality.
This product did a great job of helping me relax and massage my calves and feet, but it is very bulky and hard to get comfortable with out tilting the product back so your feet reached the bottom...
No matter what I tried, no matter how many I used, on my husbands toes, the side in between the great toe and next toe will not stay stuck.
Didn't really do anything to my hair. Could barely fit my head under the hood to allow my whole head to get the steam
I didnt ser or feel any difference with this soap. Not entirely sure what I even paid for
Did not work for me.
I give this chinstrap two stars, 1 star because it's comfortable to wear and the second star because for me it doesn't stop my snoring
I have tried to wear these at night but after a couple of hours it becomes painful and I take them off Sharon freeman
It lasted 2 days if that much, the colors are beautiful, the matte is great but it started to peel off day and half later, by just washing hands and oh yeah I peeled an orange, so very disappointed, bought this cause needed a lasting nail polish and being a nurse there aren't many that can take on the hand sanitizer drill, but this one didn't even last tru the handwash. 2 stars just because the like the color and is easy and smooth to apply but not lasting at all.
The lip balm is fine for lip balm. It protects and moisturizes my lips. But gosh, it tastes awful. Neither like almond or coconut, which are both normally delicious. This stuff tastes medicinal, and I cringe every time I put it on. I don't think I'll be able to make it through all three tubes.
What makes these specifically special for writing on your skin?
Impossible to mix with water. It is essentially dirt
The item was broken when it arrived but I fixed it with tape and it is useable. Not worth the hassle to return it. I have just started using this but assume it is ok to clean
It hardly smells of orange and dried my hair so much without even using shampoo, don't recommend unless you don't mind your hair being dry
I'd like to give this a higher rating, but after two weeks of daily use they're starting to come apart. Granted they're still usable, but I can't recommend them. That being said they do provide good cold to the bottom of the foot, and back of the ankle. You can't walk in them so I recommend getting comfortable for 20 minutes, and remember to make them really effective you have to put some pressure on them. If you press your feet into the floor you're going to get a decent bit of cold which just presses up against the level of being unbearable
leaves hair very fly away after using, donated
For me they are more or less confortable. I gave some to my son and based on his wife it didn't stop him from snoring. In my case they fell from my nose after a while but I don't know if it is helping me since I can't hear myself. Not much help.
I wanted to love this product as I love the concept and I appreciate the packaging and the wipes included in the package however I found it reallly hard to remove. The tip has no place to grip and it's short which I assume is why it would make it more comfortable however struggling to remove it is not worth the comfort for me. My old one had a little ball in in between the tip so it was easier to grip and remove but still comfortable. However it did cost more which is why I gave pixie cup a try. If you have short nails it maybe easier for you though but with my nails it's a huge struggle with no solid place to grip
I used the tongue guard and the tip of my tongue ended up swelling. I took it out, the swelling went down in a couple of hours but it left my tongue feeling weird for the rest of the day. Felt like I burned my tongue with coffee. Maybe I did it wrong but I followed the instructions and I even watched youtube videos to make sure I was doing it correctly. Really bummed that It irritated me instead of helping with my snoring.
Good on paper, with a buzz-y list of natural ingredients and all, but essentially useless. Oh, and hard to get at. Save your forearm strength for other challenges.
I am still chubby despite taking this and following directions. No real weight loss. Win some lose some.
Same taste like milk powder no else .. promix still #1
I don't know if mine is off but it smells stronger than other hemp oils I've used. Which I was okay with originally because i figured the smell would fade once on my face. It didnt. I can smell it all day long. And it leaves my face somewhat greasy.
Awful tasting, can hardly choke it down. Performance was average.
Didn't to nothing for me except make my wallet lighter
I like the company, but the capsules did absolutely nothing for my weight or appetite. Save your money and go to a weight loss clinic instead.
I wish I could return it, alas, it seems I've left it too late. VERY EXPENSIVE and cumbersome to use on oneself. If anyone knows how to return it after the 2 week cut off, please let me know.
Didn't notice anything.
I'm not scent-sensitive but if I make an order of a product that claims to be scent-free I would like it to be that way. I just thought it would be better to NOT have my garbage flowery/perfumey smelling. I mean, it's garbage...Anyway...something I noticed and I'm not a fan of. Otherwise the product works fine for me.
I have had many pure protein bars and have loved all of them- so I was excited to try this flavor. Unfortunately, they tasted very stale, box says they are still good, but not as soft and chewy as they others. Very disappointed
The pill holders are to small
My favorite is Kotex, second favorite O.B. I decided to try these, and I didn't like them at all. They don't hold the shape, and I could actually feel them after a while.
I understand a couple inferior gummies but the entire bottle is filled with dummies of various sizes... I had no melting so I know that's not the issue. The example pics are exactly right. Some of your dummies will be flat, some medium and some will be large. These are not cheap vitamins so I'd just get them somewhere else. I'd say these taste good but taste even sweeter than candy.
did not see any benefit
I did not like this product. It was "pretty", but was heavy and larger that I expected (Note to me --read the measurements before ordering). Well made, but not good for airline travel due to the weight.
The lash strips stick to the plastic. I've ended up taping all of mine to my tray because there's no adhere. I haven't had this problem before.
Disappointment. Wears off too soon.
It really clouds the water , and the mister I use it in
This conditioner may soften and hydrate leather but it does so while also changing the color of your item significantly. Do not use it on light colored leather, as it will permanently darken your item. I have used it on multiple items with the same result. I guess I'll just use it on my black leather from now on. Lesson learned.
Product was adequate but half had leaked out due to poor packaging delivery.
Not as stronger and my other pre-workouts .. I wanted to feel more stimulation/energy boots and I didn't . Although it did have a great flavor to it but for my type of hardcore workouts I do require a product with more potency. Maybe it would be better or a great product for a beginner of taking supplements.
I suggest you buy 1 bar to see if you can tolerate it. The PB&C version tasted like a candy bar, which was too sweet for me. The bigger issue is that it killed my stomach. Should be marketed as a laxative.
FYI: these are "one size fits most". If your noggin is larger than average, these are going to be too small for you. Aside from that (the fact that I feel like I'm wearing childrens' glasses), they're fine and they do seem to work pretty well.
I wasn't doing anything too crazy with this... for the first month it was great, but for no reason I can see the curved portion has stopped working completely.
Do not smell nothing like sandalwood. I bought these for the good reviews and because I thought the scent would be like the beard club's sandalwood oil. But no. Nothing like that. Really weird smell. Like unscented or something.
The new improved formula tastes terrible. So different to the products that don't have the “NEW IMPROVED FORMULA” label on them. Really disappointed with the flavor.
I don't think it works quite as expected. Been using it for 2 weeks every night and cant see any difference
The fragrance is a funky coconut that smells kind of fake. The oil itself is a decent heaviness, but it doesn't seem to do a thing for my dry skin under my beard.
Bought it end of Jan. 2019... by march limited charging... about june 1 it would no longer charge at all Except for that it Works fine until finger becomes sweaty... program takes a lot to learn but i could produce graphs on printer. Useful for the 2 months it worked
Bought this for my wife, she gave it a try and just said MEH, it didn't do much for her as she gets off more with clit stimulation vs G spot. She said it wasn't powerful enough either so I think I just wasted my money. Oh well, it was worth a try.
The product doesn't come off easy and u need to keep insisting before u see some significant payoff
I purchased this several months ago and used part of it about 3/4 bottle. I needed to use some again today heated water and added, when stirring this in I noticed some thing floating in the cup. I know the cup was clean just removed from dish washer. I like the product very well, seems to work very good. Be nice to hear from distributor.
Tried them on. Though I can wear pretty much any sunglasses comfortably, the ears of these ones dug into my skin. Would have found a way to deal with that if they had actually been useful at providing a little darkness and peace. They block out what's in front of you, but the top, bottom, and sides are fairly open, even with the little padding that they have. Worse, if there's sunlight around you, the glasses reflect it directly into your eyes, making it almost worse than nothing at all. Would like to see someone come up with a sleepmask-type product that doesn't look like a sleepmask, but this just isn't it.
Don't want to be negative so I'll just say that it did not work for me...
I'm not sure how people use these. I was drooling uncontrollably and it caused the whitening stuff to foam. I had to literally hold my mouth over the sink and gave up after five minutes. I wish I could return the kit but I waited too long to try it.
This would be a great product....IF the timer was adjustable. The longest time in between sprays is like 15 minutes or something ridiculous. Once a day, couple three times a day? Great! Couple 3xs an hour??? No thanks.
Why would anyone fill the bottle less then half full. It makes it look like i've been ripped off.
Worked great at first. Unfortunately it stopped getting hot after 3 weeks of use.
Too small and bought biggest size/cheap material
Definitely high quality, but at $100 a month, really hard to cost justify
Thrilled that it has no aluminum, but does nothing to prevent underarm body odor after sweating.
Not exactly what I was looking for because there was no picture of the pills. I made it work.
Didnt really see a difference. I was hitting the gym extra hard and even eating better with little to no results.
I ordered the premium 9 piece kit and only received 8 pieces. It was missing the long handle shoe horn. All pieces came in one bag but the bag had been ripped open on one end prior to packaging in the Amazon box along with another item. I am not returning it as my surgery is getting close and need all the other items. I already own a long handle show horn anyway. But I like to get what I paid for so I'm not happy.
lasted approximately 10 days before the rubber split ?????
They aren't sealed, none of them are. So how do I know if they are actually new? I read reviews before purchasing and they said each one was sealed - not accurate. Missing the regular label you would see if you purchased a normal one. I took a picture of what a new sealed one looks like (vanilla one in picture)
This could have been a good product, except that the manufacture went the cheap route. The product is well designed, holding the thumb rigid. But two of the three velcro straps are too short, making the product almost impossible to use. I thought the straps would stretch with use, but they have not. Velcro straps of adequate length would have added a very small amount to the manufacturing cost.
Never could get to stay in place
I read the other reviews saying that these bags were light weight and tore easily, but I wasn't too concerned because they were going in the little trash can in the bathroom that only ever has makeup wipes and Kleenex thrown in it... so they didn't need to be super strong. But these bag are made out of a weird kind of plastic, not the normal trash bag material. Not even as sturdy as shopping bag, which is why I got these, so I wouldn't be using as shopping bag as a trash can liner.
The top cover did not match the bottom cover causing it to have a major league and not work
The pump on this bottle is either broken or just non-functional. No matter what I tried, I could not get the pump to work, and ended up making a mess and wasting product.
I tried this out and did not get much results other than having to make several trips to bathroom. I was literally going to the bathroom every 20 mins for about 4 hours straight. I initially thought my body needed to adjust to it, but this went on for about a week before I called it quits. Has great flavor though.
This is not 100% essential oil. I tested it and its either mixed with something or artificial altogether. It smells GREAT but I wanted to use it to formulate cosmetic products and it doesn't behave correctly in recipes because its not real.
To fragile lasted 3 weeks or so.
Way underpowered for the price. I would think that this would be better priced around $100.
Design not even close to what is pictured.
Found difficult to use, didn't seem to do anything
I really wanted to love this product. I've been actively trying to eliminate artificial sweeteners from my supplements since thats really the only part of my nutrition that contains them. I think maybe if you mix this with a natural fruit juice like pineapple it could be tolerable, but it tastes like you took a beet juice from a health bar and watered it down. It's even uncomfortable to drink before the taste even hits you. Ugh. I can't. I can usually down some disgusting pre-workouts, but I just can't drink this. We'll see how the energy goes - about to hit the gym. Oy. This taste.
My "kit" has been previously opened. It was missing one lancet (there were supposed to be 10) and there were no strips. The finger poker was different from the picture. The battery was dead. The zip up pouch smelled like incense as if it had been in someone's home who burns incense. I'm a little bothered by the idea that my device may have come contact with a stranger's blood.
Have been trying this strap for 2 weeks. The strap keeps sliding off toward the back of the head, which in turns loosens the chin strap so that it no longer holds the chin closed.
I followed the sizing instructions but these socks are too tight and tend to pull my toes in.
Can't wait to try it! Lots Iud great reviews, will post updates!
First time taking citrulline, I've been taking arginine and sometimes it worked and others it felt like nothing was happening so I tried citrulline. I feel like my circulation is better when taking this, but holy constipation batman...do I have to choose between better pumps/zero poops or regular pumps/regular poops? Might have to go back to just taking arginine if this is what to expect with citrulline.
I have been taking them for two weeks and haven't felt any change as far as more energy, etc... On the contrary, I've been feeling tired and body hurts. I'm planning to finish them to see things will improve with me.
Really not much resistance. But it does get you moving if you just need to move
My 7 yr old son likes it b/c of the dinosaur photo, and likes the idea of having his own clock. With that said the directions are minimal. I personally do think it's an easy alarm clock to set. We barely use it.
taste isn't that great, but It did help me sleep
These didnt help my son with his snoring and they popped off his nose after about an hour of wearing them every night.
It works Update - not working really. Must have been something else
Nose pads did not even last a month before they came off.
It's been almost 4 months. I haven't noticed a difference in my hair at all. My nails seem to grow faster but still peel and break.
It's good but definitely not worth the price
Used about five times on the wife and now it doesn't work and won't charge.....
Paper towels are stronger couldn't even put on without ripping
I have not even been able to use my monitor yet, and this makes me very sad. I had no idea that I was supposed to purchase some type of liquid to actually test the monitor prior to using it for the first time, as well as test it periodically. I also threw away the box that the test strips came in and just put them in the case with the monitor. I know, what a blonde!!! Well, now I have no idea what the numbers are supposed to be, so why even poke myself at this point. I have no idea what to do!!! Signed, very sad and confused.
Strained my ankle and my dr recommended a brace. Easy to put on but could barely get my foot in my shoe. I really wanted to wear this while working (stand for 9 hours) but i really couldn't fathom the thought of purchasing super wide shoes that would almost guarantee that one would be stretched out and the other would not support my good foot.
Within the first week the tip or cushion began to deteriorate and the strap came off otherwise it's an ok product mostly
These were a disappointment. I have a stomach condition that causes severe nausea 90% of the time. The acupressure wrist bands really help control it enough to eat. I saw these and thought they would be great because they were very cute and adjustable so I could get the perfect fit. However, even being adjustable they were a poor fit, either too loose or too tight, and very bulky. Every move I made would cause them to move or slip out of the setting I had it on.
It worked well the first few times, but after that it seems to have failed.
Wish it was heavier and larger. Keeps falling whenever i use it
I haven't used it enough to see results BUT it DOES have a taste to it ( I mix it in water) and you really have to work at mixing it into your drink.
Doesn't feel that comfortable and move easily.
Smells nice enough, but over time the texture became sandy and difficult to apply. Also there was a big air bubble in the middle that took up a good quarter of the available space.
Twas too small, cute, but too small to carry my aligners
It came in a pouch with just 60 gummies!
we bought 3 boxes, and all of them are within 6 months to expiration!
Started making a horrible noise day 3. Noise clears up after a minute. Annoying that it was brand new.
Taste isn't very good
I paid too much for these and 4 out of 6 were damaged out of the package they are very cute but something needs to be done differently packaging wise
These diapers were disappointing, on par with generic poorly made store brands. I've tried lots of different diapers and these were not worth the value-added claims or the premium price. I honestly think these were a marketing gimmick. Easy to leak, not a lot of absorbency and they fell apart quickly. Often didn't even hold up through a 1.5 hour nap.
Not very strong like it used to be in the old days....
The Smell of Amaretto Nog is by far my favorite, but I couldn't find it in a spray this year. I hope it comes back.
I was hoping this would work, but didn't for me. Both my little toes curl under my next toe and was hoping the separators helped, but they were too cushioned and separated them too much and i couldn't wear them with shoes.
Not right for my husband but probably would work for someone else; however, I don't think anything works at night.
I really hate to write a bad review for such a great, helpful seller but this product just didn't work. The tablets are too hard, they don't foam up like they're supposed to, it didn't do anything for my acid reflux.
Didn't work for me. Seemed to have some effect but not much.
Works good until you need to grip something after only a few minutes of use a glass slipped from my hands and i cut myself pretty bad so if you're clumsy like me probably not a good choice
The product does not absorb and eventually flakes. I don't like that
Doesn't work. I didn't lose any weight with that product! I even started to lose weight when I stopped taking this pills.
The big brush detached from the plastic handle after 3 uses. Not a huge issue since it can be fixed with some hot glue or super glue, but still very annoying.
The smell is too strong I wouldn't put this on my baby girl, I probably wouldn't wear it all the time either.
Item description said it includes the goo stick it was not in there, only one tin so don't go by the picture! Item was smashed and wrapped with so much packing tape it looks like a 2 year old got a hold of the tape. I did not open the package yet since it was not as discribed! Can't return it! Says it the XL kit. But it's the same as the one I bought and it was the same as a kit I bought at a local drug store! Item can not be returned. Disappointed , hopefully when I open the package the items are not damaged!
Kind of worked but not worth the effort.
Never received my order I don't care what tracking said I was home all day and never got anything
I cannot but get it to work for me
If you use any soft pills, like fish oil, they get stuck between moving parts. You then have take the container apart and reassemble... and if the pill rips.. well you can guess..
did not do anything for me
This worked ok for my neck, but I found it too short and uncomfortable to use on my shoulders. I think results depend heavily on your body type. If you have bigger shoulders you're going to have a hard time getting this wide enough to massage and still maintain control.
The description leads you to think it comes with the wood floor cleaner it came with the all purpose floor cleaner not the wood floor one I wanted.
It smells like cheap perfume. But the smell last in your clothes a long time. I guess that's the main objective.
I ordered this as a replacement for an old gel pack but am significantly disappointed. I use them on my neck during migraines and this one freezes solid and feel like I'm laying on a block of hard ice vs. the usual cold but malleable gel packs. The plastic edges are thick and inflexible too. Will be looking for a different pack.
Advertisement says product is wireless.... not true!
I did not like how it fits. Somehow tight. I bought it and I haven't wear it because it's uncomfortable. Also when you breath the fabric glues to your nose.
I had high hopes for these, but they are super flimsy.
Easily loses its stickiness
Product was melted when opened, not sure if that was because of packaging or delivery.
Everything is good except for the chocolate flavored powder. It has a odd after taste and I'm trying my best to get through it because it's past the return window. It
I never received the item :/
Product was disappointing overall. Louder than expected compared to other products I have tried with a similar decibel rating. Intensity levels are almost indistinguishable from one another and on the high end of the spectrum. Too intense for my use. I liked the idea of the magnetic charging cord, but this design is difficult to keep together.
I had to return this product because it made me sick. I'm not allergic to soy, but there is something in it that gave me shortness of breath, and a very itchy throat. There is a lot of artificial ingredients, added sugars, and it also contains soy.
Was not packaged properly and the dropper broke. There was glass all over the whole package. Ive tried to use this twice so far and both time it seemed too much, but again I have no dropper to figure the correct amount
Bends the toe nail like it is supposed to, but this didn't relieve the pain for me. The very sides of the nail are still bent at a sharp angle despite using this product. Would only recommend if you have a severe bend in your nail.
Very cute classes but I'm not sure why they are listed as Anti-blue when they're just clear glasses? Seems like a rip off other than the fact that they're cute. I get headaches from my computer screen so these glasses serve no purpose for me other than fashion. Wouldn't recommend to anyone needing blue light filter glasses.
I'm sure the tissue inside is fine but was disappointed that the boxes were all smashed. This wasn't from the shipping because the outer box wasn't dented. I wouldn't have bought these off the shelves like this.
Just received my protein. I made a shake and the taste is yummy. I'm leaving 2 stars for the amount of protein that is missing from the jar. Literally it's only about a little over half way filled. I'm confused why the company/manufacture believes this is okay to sell like this? These photos were taken moments after popping it open!
Smells like the white part of the rind of an orange. It's bitter and sugary smelling.
I hate those wipes. Even if there are 'natural' and without chemical product, the quality of those wipes is very bad. Also, when i pull a wipes, I always have severals ones coming together, very annoying
They are just odd tasting and oily.
EVEN On its highest setting it never seemed to get hot enough. Especially around the edges
I'm not sure this is very accurate. Gives a different temperature every time.
Not meant for long hair. My hair gets stuck in it.
I am surprised that this protein powder has upset my stomach and made me throw up both the times I have had it. I was introduced to this by a friend. we shared one scoop in two smoothies. It was delicious. So I never felt it affecting my stomach. Anyone who is lifting regularly will naturally go for at least one full scoop. For years I have taken two scoops of Optimum Nutrition and never have I thrown up. just one scoop of the one, on two different occasions has given me severe diarrhea, non stop vomiting and nausea.
I have been using product for 2 weeks, I have only lost a few lbs.
So disgusting. I mean, it's beef liver inside of capsules, but if you are like me with a strong gag reflex to flavors, it's a horrible idea. There's a STRONG flavor and aftertaste. I'm taking because of low blood/iron and I can hardly convince myself to swallow two every other day.
I have been using this product throughout my pregnancy and I am still taking them. I have never had a problem until my last delivery.Many of the capsules were broken and the bottom of the bottle was filled with powder.There are only 30 capsules, and to have at least 5 broken is unacceptable. I have always ordered them from Amazon, but I am thinking of ordering elsewhere after seeing so many of the same complaints. Very disappointed.
Socks were way too big for a normal size foot on a woman and the heel comes up my leg
Intermittently flashes red and stops working but full
Not the one's you see in picture, cheap knockoff's
Made me sick and nauseous, didnt see results bur I only took it for two weeks
Doesn't work too good for me. It is made for the smaller dude. Wish they had a larger size where am I able to get in it and it doesn't squeeze too tight
Some kind of sweetener in it tastes bad. It does not feel as healing as with the other brands.
Love this polish but very disappointed in the colors. The white polish is more like clear and that's the whole reason I bought this particular color set was for the white. I painted my nails 3x with it and I could still see through it.
The heel and arch support were good, but the cushion on the ball of the feet was non existent. Very uncomfortable. Going back to New Balance...
I love the look and everything. Biggest issue only had it 2 months before of startes just leaking everywhere :(
Not a good product - it practically has about a 2lb swing from one second to the next. It's difficult to believe that the measurements are accurate.
This product is great but it continues to arrive in terrible condition. The liquid within the containers leaks out and causes a big mess within the shipping box.
Not one of there better products, scent is over powering and does not last for 45 days ,Beverly got 15 days at medium setting in a small bathroom.
2 out of the 3 tests had a line already through the test window when first removed from their individually sealed wrappers
Soft but move around way to much. I'd come home from work and it would have shifted 4 inches to the back.
rattle and squeaks with every step. better choices.
too much pain to use
I haven't seen nothing happen for me...
We bought this for our kids room if it's out a lot of sent and does great when children are sick. Didn't really anticipate how often you'd have to change out the pads but still not a bad buy and the large water tank can last several days but the sent pad will not and you'll have to replace the sent pad. We will probably go another route next time.
too hard to open- am returning also, I find it weird that inside the case is a magnetic bracelet with a note re: aches/pains
I purchased the Bed Wedge Pillow to help alleviate my GERD discomfort. I have never used the Bed Wedge Pillow as I found the pillow uncomfortable as it's very firm. I would never be able to get a good night's sleep using it. I am now stuck with the Bed Wedge Pillow as I can not get it back into the box to return to Amazon. Sigh... Do not recommend.
Not that excited about the flavor
Works as advertised but I cannot get the flame to regulate. I have used high end fuel and low end fuel. Works the same both ways.
This is the 1st tape that I've purchased. After 1 day, it started to peel. Made sure skin was clean and dry. Applied more, and it did the same. Found a better tape that doesn't peel up.
Larger than I expected!
Neat concept but needs work. This doesn't work for pipes and not even close to 300 lights before charging. Maybe, and it's a big maybe, I might have gotten 50 before having to charge again. The insert said there was a brush for cleaning included but there was not. I should probably return this.
Smells really bad, like it's rancid. I've never had creatine smell before, but this one was very pungent
Here we go again. Every time I buy a product back by Amazon is sucks. Here's my 2nd bad review. Order this product and it does not fit.. So in order to say the headache of returning this. I gave it to my nephew. I would not get this if you are a real manly person. I work out I am 168lbs my body fat is 18% so I am not a over weight person. This product is more towards smaller men or women.
Why all of the packaging for this product? Here is what it has: 1. It's got an inner cardboard holder with a plastic sleeve 2. Outside branded box 3. Amazon box. I get other vitamins with just the bottle in an envelope. Why all the packaging? It's a great presentation but totally unnecessary and wasteful. I've ordered this product many times and get mad every time I've received it in this packaging which seems pretty recent.
This is a good brand to use for mouth hygiene.
Headphones cheap and uncomfortable. Had to upgrade those and buy a mono to stereo adapter for the better headphones. Sound volume is ok but sounds tinny. Case feels cheap for the price. Otherwise seems to help.
Didn't seem to do much, I'll move onto something else
You get what you paid for, this one is one of the cheaper versions I believe because the ones advertised cost 51. This piece does work, kept me from snoring according to my wife BUT after fully charged it only lasted 3 hours or less, the concept works, the product has a flaw which may or may not be the price difference.
I did not receive the product as the page says. It is not in my mailbox however the page says it was delivered four days ago
Great tracker! Unfortunately the screen is not working properly. Currently in contact with costumer service and trying to solve the issue.
I really liked the Lavender and Peach scent as a aerosol so I thought it would be the perfect wax melt to get...yeah, not a good idea if you have an enclosed office space and skin allergies. This scent became overwhelming within minutes. I have discovered that after a few days the scent loses some of its initial impact.
I have only had these a couple days and they are already starting to tear right in the ankle area where all the stitches come together.
I found that the rings, under the toes, cut too deeply and why I couldn't wear them.
They are not for a formal setting. They are okay for a casual gathering. They were much bigger than expected.
5 days and still not feel any effects.. Useless...
I used it to get hard water n rust stains off my shower walls. It didn't do anything. Might need something stronger....disappointed....
First it wasn't delivered Friday the 16th it was delivered sat the 17th and wasn't handed to the customer it was stuffed in my news paper box. The bottle was frozen solid leaking contents all over after it melted. Unusable! Gave it 2 stars because it at least arrived at my house even though it was a day late.
I haven't seen any difference in anything yet. I have been taking this pill for 3 months.
I couldn't pass it trough my heels but it was big on top. Material looked great but the fit was not for me.
Did not work as well as expected t get all way out.
While this product works well, it was delivered in shambles. Recommend better shipping procedures, as now I have nothing to store this in.
Doesn't taste anything like watermelon 🍉. It's pretty looking but that's it. All for show. Now the wood tips are kinda nice. They do taste kinda sweet but that's only if you are like licking or chewing on them which you don't want to do if you are hanging with friend and passing it around the group.
After maybe a 1 month the product stopped working.
Didn't work for me. Stubborn brown/sun spot.. need 4% from a dermatologist.
I did not see the effect.
Maybe it's a good product but not for me. I have a horrible sinus issues and breathing at night is an issue. I need something that will open my nasal passages, which this does, but doesn't bender air flow, which this does. The filter, although a great concept, makes it harder to pull in air.
To dry not easy to chew taste bad product.
The strap wraps around arch of foot and caused discomfort to bottom of foot. It does help straighten big toe.
Scent is too strong for me...
Just like the rest say it is probably the worst design ever.it leaks not portable and the bottle won't stand on its own therefore it leaks more
The whole order came melted. I now have six boxes of melted candies. :(
Worse than horrible customer service, is no customer service at all.
I've used this several times per day for three weeks, have had an 11 day migraine, not going anywhere. No more effective than Kwan-loong oil, which is much cheaper.
This was not the best product. I'm going to go back to using my old product. It was easier and does a much better job.
These are very comfortable and not super noticeable. I tested them out at a 4 hour hard rock concert and stood maybe 20 feet away from the speakers. Sound was a bit muffled but couldn't complain. Afterwards I still heard ringing in my ears for two days straight, which is what I brought these to prevent in the first place... not very sure these were effective in protecting my eardrums. These would be more useful at a quieter event.
Hard to find something comfortable
would probably be good if the unit was in the box when I got it. had to return to amazon for a missing unit. "new" second unit shipped had been work and worked out with, showing sweat stains all over unit.
Had this for almost 2 years now, and I just want to say if you get this get rechargeable batteries. I've tried Duracell, Energizers, and all kinds and they barely last 1-2 months. I finally got a top of the line Energizer rechargeable battery set and keep the charger right there in the bathroom. I weigh myself 3-4 times a week and the batteries will barely last over a month. It's a pain in the butt. What it really needs is a way to just plug it in because it obviously needs too much juice.
Seems functional, but kind of hard. Maybe it will break in. I do notice a difference in posture so it basically works. 2 stars for flimsy zipper which, upon arrival was jammed in the halfway open position and not possible to close. I would return but I need it for my back and have doubts it would last anyway.
I had to go out in my car for the real blood pressure cuff because the reading was so low...…..the patients bp was normal..was really hoping this would work because ive got bad hearing.
It didn't seem to help much. But quality was good. I went back to my lower dose/different brand, which seems to work better.
Doesnt work...no affect at all. Wouldnt buy again!
Not what I hoped it would be. Did nothing for elbow pain and caused pain to my wallet. Sombra is much better!
I had higher hopes that the highest heat setting would be powerful, but sadly I was wrong. I love the overall shape, but I wish the neck part went all the way up your neck and was wired so heat traveled all the way up.
Very disappointed, every third hole was lunch incorrectly and balloons won't stay in the hole
Product listed is incorrect. Make sure your item of choice is blue bottle for water based. This is not
Taste was not very good. It did clean my teeth well, but the flavor ruined the product for me.
Packaging was discreet! Which is good but the 1 swab wasn't sealed so I don't know if it's still sterile, I'll give update when I got result!
Pretty much useless...it collects some of the lint but some falls back in the dryer vent when you pull out the brush. Does nothing for the lint at the bottom even though it is long enough. Waste of money.
After 2 and half months use enema pipe broke and started to leak
Slips off the top of my head. Can't keep it on
I usually order these in bulk regularly with no issues so there was no need to pay attention to my order. What I didn't anticipate was being charged so much for shipping. Ridiculous!
doesn't do much as soon as you start moving
Do not like the fact that this is from China. Wish I had read description more carefully.
None of the screws fit my glasses.
Kind of ok, I tried it once haven't again, all I can say. Wasn't anything like what the reviews I read!
I bought these as a replacement for dryer sheets and they do not work to remove static. I would not buy them again.
Didnt work good enough on dog hair
Disappointing...he was very wet in the morning...not better than depends but more money
These are a little on the flimsy side. Two broke the first day. Bought a scratcher that doesn't extend, less convenient but it won't break easily.
Although it works well it's loud. I wish I had bought one that is quieter.
I had a candle that was ylang ylang scented, so I thought I would love this in my oil diffuser, but it smells like sick people; you know, when you go to someone's house where a really sick person has been? Well, if you enjoy that smell- you'll love this oil. I just tossed the water in my diffuser out but I think the ylang ylang is in my nostrils now. So gross.
I purchased this thinking that I was getting the tank and the lid, I only received the lid? Is this only the lid?
UPDATE: Had to return my product because it wouldn't sync with the fitbit app after only a month of use. I am overall pleased with the return process, which is why I allowed for a 2 star rating. So far so good! Easy set up for the most part. I was kinda disappointed that it doesn't really have a texting option other than quick replies. But I guess there is supposed to be an update sometime soon for it to have texting. But in the meantime, it's working well and I love it. Can't say it's the most accurate thing in the world. But hey, what technology is perfect? I'll update after the texting gets updated and see if it changes the performance at all.
Nice product. Can't get the package open. VERY unfriendly packaging.
My tip: consider buying prenatals in a Different form of packaging. The bottom of the bottle was broken on arrival but I didn't notice until I cut my finger trying to open it. Even the lid was on crooked and jammed so either it got really beat up in transport or was a defect off of the assembly line. In hindsight I shouldn't have ordered a glass bottle. I did research and there are Some top name brand prenatals offered in plastic bottles. That's the direction I'll go next time.
Tastes really bad in my opinion
This is a really nice scooter! I'm very happy I chose this one after looking at so many. Very sturdy, but also lightweight at about 17 pounds. It only has a few steps for assembly. Very easy to maneuver over carpeting and tile floors, moves fast so I'm careful to go slow. The brakes work really well. Mine has no squeaking sound at all. Very fast delivery, took about 3 days. I love it! Update: A month later the seat cracked off. I was very careful with it & very rarely used it outside. The seat and metal bar it's attached to seemed to be slanted, then completely snapped off of the bar while I was on it and I fell off. I had to order a new scooter, but I'm going with a different brand. It's too bad, I really liked it but to crack off like that after normal use is unacceptable and dangerous. I should've taken note of another reviewer stating the same thing.
I was able to pair it with my wife's iphone but not with my Android. I was also not able to use the same account credentials on both phones. It says the credentials have not been registered even though I'm using the same credentials on my wife's phone. Other than, seems to be pretty accurate.
The product barely came out of the dripped and was very hard to use for some reason. The other oil I got was perfectly fine.
doesn't give accurate numbers.
Hubby said it is uncomfortable and wife said it didn't work cuz snoring continues to wake her up. It was slightly less loud with it in but not enough to stop the snore
The pod explodes during brewing. The seal around the top comes apart, spraying all the grounds everywhere. What a mess. Tried three pods, happened every time. Will NOT buy Bullet Proof Pods again.
Better out there for the money.
I have learned that blue light tells your mind that it is morning and that it is time to wake up. Yet using this device requires you to stare at blue light for 8 to 20 minutes. It helped me only one time.
These are deceptive. They are not good for scrubbing and not compostable as I hoped. It's just a marketing gimmick. They colored it so that it looks all natural but it is still a sponge that simply is made with a percentage of natural material (which makes it a lousy scrubber)
Mine were damaged! I'm very disappointed. I waited along time for shipping also.
I have some relatively big hands, but this doesn't even fit half of my palms. It hurts my hands to use. At least it didn't cost much.
very little gel , very thin . i squeezed the gel to one half and made a cold pak HALF the size ! Gets warm fast.
There like a chalky taste to it. Doesn't mix in well like other flavors I have tried.
I just received this and the full charge does not last beyond 30 minutes of use. Definite waste of money. Enjoyed the flexibility and different speeds until it died quickly.
I used it for about a week and it fell apart. Don't purchase this item. Waste of money.
It nearly sucks my eyeball out but the contact never comes out!
Application: it goes on well however there are clumps in the polish and it doesn't set or dry right under the light. Day two: it will chip at the conners and come up. Very bad product I will never order it again. Would not recommend.
This product used to last for years and I have bought several for friends. The one I just got is just plainly made cheap. Plastic pull arm was a huge disappointment and the internals sound like it wont last long. A tip to this broker bringing these into the U.S.A., People are willing to pay a little more for well made equipment that will last. Want one the way they were made several years ago
Smaller then i thought. When I opened the box it was leaking all over the place. Almost half of the little bottle gone before we could even open it. Wont buy this brand again.
Product doesn't really do the trick. Unsatisfied.
Received ankle supports that were not the same on website description. The description clearly says it is a beige color, but when received it was a gray color. The product also came late.
Did not care for the effect of the very next day felt kind of drowsy all day long have since then stopped taking them
This bottle was half full when I got it. So disappointed I didnt even want to use it, but tried it and will keep searching for something better.
While I like the product and have ordered it before, the USPS delivery system for the product reorder was frustrating. I received an online failed delivery notice which referred to delivery to a "business." The location is clearly a residence. Regular delivery is being done to the particular address (see image) without incident on weekdays by USPS,and by FedEx and UPS. I hunted for where to report the error about the Sunday delivery. Finally I located a 'redelivery' USPS website, where the entry information jungle was long and complicated. Overall, not receiving the item on time and the reporting efforts were not pleasant. And the only place where I could inform Amazon about the problem was here, which may or may not be an appropriate location.
Doesn't look as good as the first picture. Looks more like the second. Breast cannot squeeze together.
I really wanted to like this cup, but I cannot get it to open. I've used the Diva cup in the past and could definitely tell when it popped open. This Pixie Cup stayed in whichever fold I used to insert. I could not get it to move or twist to make sure that it opened properly. After several attempts, I gave up and regrettably used a pad instead.
Its was not what I thought it would be is okay .
Purchased for a loooong time smoker and he tried 1 but it did not work for him.
NOTE: If this didn't work for you read the end of this review*** I was having horrible, throbbing tooth pain, especially when I went to bed at night, so after reading some of the hundreds of reviews for this medication, I decided to take a chance and buy it, I was getting sick of not sleeping and overdosing on Advil, which didn't even make a dent in the pain. so It was delivered quickly and as soon as I got it I tried it, following the directions as stated, as mentioned, the taste was horrible and felt like it burned my lip. It took away the pain initially but then after about 15min it came right back, I tried to apply it again and the same thing happened. So in short it didn't work for me. I then got on the internet looking for some kind of naturally remedy and read that a mix of garlic ( I used garlic powder), salt and warm water swishing around in your mouth for about a minute and spit out, so I tried that and OMG, it worked!! Totally took away the pain and its still gone a day after, so if this stuff doesn't work, try that!
I really liked it but it started to turn my arm grey...I need to read up on stainless jewelry as I've never had one before but for now it's just sitting on my dresser:o(
I noticed little to no effects.
Everything was great with this lighter and then it suddenly stopped working. When I returned the option to purchase a new one was not available.
I owned this for less than a year and it just stopped heating the wax.
I liked how it was packaged but was thinking it was a little bigger than it looked.It seemed not made to well on the quality but it did do the job.
1 - These are only 2/3 the size of what you consider a normal tissue. 2 - They smell like machine oil. They do their job...barely. When you get near the last 10 tissues, they stop sticking out of the top and you have to dig for them.
Literally came apart at the seams and very quickly. About 200 lbs so I guess it's only for very small people....
Product works fine but box was open as well as one of the packets. Powder was everywhere and individual packets looked as if they were old and tattered.
It did not work on my husbands problem. Mayo Clinic recommended it but it did not work.
Wouldn't buy this again.
It did work somewhat but it's not a great muscle rub
a bit too sweet and sugary
In the product pictures the text looks bue. It is actually white. Wanted it for my dog, Blue. Disappointed but still useable.
Talk about choking the chicken LOL just a little too skinny for me
I bought this scale and download the app, but I cant connect to the Bluetooth with the scale...​
Tore as soon as I tried to remove it. Not very absorbent.
They work okay, just didn't stay in place like I need them to, and they didn't really hold enough flow even when I used the super pad for my heavy days. Organic but not comfortable.
I brought this for my aunt to try. She used the Advance product of the same brand before. This one doesn't seem to be as effective as the Advance one.
Not useful. The faces of the cards are easier to read than a standard deck, O.K. But compared to standard deck the cards are so stiff it is nearly impossible to shuffle them. Too stiff for young hands. Too stiff for old hands.
They left my package in the wrong apartment !
The sizing chart for this brace is not very accurate. I am a mens 10 shoe size. I measured my foot around 10 times to be certain I was accurate. It came out to be 13.5 inches. I decided to get the Larger brace. That one was WAY to big; it was loose and gave no support. Then I ordered the smaller one; it fit much better, but still doesn't give support in all the proper places. It feels more like its cutting off my circulation in my foot.
It smells terrible but feels good
Clumsy and tiring for hands plus there are no bristles at the tip of the fingers most used for cleaning inside glasses. If you wear in both hands becomes too thick, heavy and slippery. I had high hopes.
They are sharp and huge! Cuts my throat every time, so had to just toss them.
I am not sure if it was during the delivery or the seller but they came melted/stuck together. I thought I could break them apart as I needed them but it is now clear I won't be able to use a good portion. I should have sent them back when I got them but it is now too late.
Had almost zero flavor to it. The vanilla MCT oil powder that they have is full of flavor, was hoping this one would be as well.
Can't scub stuff spot their to soft
I like the smell and the potential of this product, price was fair too, but it does not mix with water. You have to shake (I'm using it in a spray bottle) very often and there is no consistency in use. Disappointed.
My first complaint is there is no recipe book. No idea how much to use in the defuser. Some of the scents are stronger than others and most have citrus overtones. I won't buy these again.
Kind of hard on the nostrils, but fits good and doesn't leak so much...will keep using
I bought this for the wife to use at work. She hates it....she says that her stethoscope keeps banging away at her hip and its a pain to use. I'm not in the medical field so i'm just going to have to take her word for it.
This was a total let down. It has barely any power to it and it doesn't keep a charge for long.
31 screens came with it, used 3 of them no problem, but realized that at the bottom was several pieces of them that had broken off. These tiny pieces of glass could absolutely be a choking hazard and no one wants to swallow glass
Used this on exterior sun room windows. Overall, the windows still look dirty with water spots. The rinse and clean settings seem to both spray the cleaning agent, so I had to keep turning off the hose and putting on a regular spray nozzle to rinse the product off. Like most of these hose end sprayer products, they don't seem to really do much but spray a bunch of suds on stuff without rinsing the dirt off. The only real way to clean would to hand scrub, which defeats the point of the product.
2 things you need to know before purchasing. 1 these sponges are super tiny. 2. They are rock hard and take 2/3 minutes of soaking before they become usable. I never ended up using all six cause they kinda suck.
Only received 22 of the 24 rolls
This had all the right ingredients (same as supplements I've tried before) but for some reason it's not as effective as other brands. I'll have to look at the list and see if maybe some of the ingredients are lower dose than I was taking before.
The rollers missing tips on both of them
These seemed to be a bit more muted in the images than they were in person. The greens are quite bright, and that really emphasized the calico and gingham. They were not at all what I expected and needed for the event I purchased them for, but my daughter is keeping them to use at the after school program she runs and they will be cute there.
the gloves were too short on my hand and they tore easily when they got wet.
Pills were to large for me to swallow and taste was awful
Wouldn't stay in my head. Strap too long l. Material gets very wrinkly. Can find cheaper and better face masks.
The transport wheelchair is very heavy.
Compact and well made but lenses are set too wide for my eyes.
I decided to try this mag to help with my insomnia. have been taking 1 pill before bed time for a week now and have not seen improvement with my sleep.. I can tell however my body is definitely more relaxed during bedtime. I had 3 episodes of migraine that required Advil. I think it's due to the mag intake as other people have mentioned the same side effects. I am hesitant to go up to 2 per day to help with the insomnia but I am afraid it will worsen the migraines. Will continue to give it a try for another week.
used it for play toy
I took them for a few months. My nails, hair, skin, no change.
I am currently using this pillow trying very hard to get comfortable with it. So very hard, would be a lot better if it was a more accommodating type of memory foam. Sometimes I need to put it away so I can fall asleep. But with my GERD getting worst I do need the elevation. Would not buy again.
Good product but wish they make it more concentrated very weak you need to take 3 or 4 pills a day to benefit from it
Great concept but wouldn't stay in my nose, and my husband felt like he couldn't breath through his. He's picky though. I however was optimistic. Doing yardwork with one in and it kept coming out becoming visible to my neighbor who looked at me like I had some weird booger coming out of my nose.
It came on a no post day, late & to the wrong apt. Thank god I have a very honest neighbour, the package was filthy. & torn. As for the product itself though extremely small for the price, tastes fine. Will see if it actually does what it spose to.
Probably my 3rd order for this product. Each time I have ordered 6. My last shipment arrived last week and there were only 4 in the box. What happened to the other two rolls? Have already posted my question and received no answer. Will I get the additional two rolls or go elsewhere the next time I order?
Do not buy it is not worth your hard earned MONEY
I'm am average sized woman, 5'6" and this brace is too big. The velcro straps come up over the shoulders, but since it's too large, there's barely any velcro left to stick to it, and a lot of strap that sticks out. Which would be fine, but it gets caught in my hair, even if it's up (see photo). Also, I found myself easily slipping into bad posture with this on. It was uncomfortable to be in that posture, so this is more of a bad posture reminder than a corrector. I'll be returning it. 2 stars for delivery, packaging, and quality.
I didn't really notice a difference in any aspect of my health by using this
It didn't relieve my tennis elbow pain. It was soothing and reduced the swelling a little but it didn't last long. There is a scent but it isn't offensive. If would not buy again 🙁
It is not mixing well with warm water and milk! I used a 5lb bottle and no difference found! Just buy natural protein foods and use it!
Too difficult to slide on and off.
Product stopped working completely. Won't read weight any longer
Could barely swallow them for their massive size ... and didn't feel much relief either. I ended up taking a second dose of the regular stuff because I was still sick. Would not buy again.
These work fine as far as they do a good job of conducting the TENS current. The problem is that the gel doesn't remain gel. I have severe arthritis and have been in constant pain for over 25 years. I use TENS for long periods. I place the pads and then cover with an elastic bandage to keep them in place. Every day I remove the pad, wash, and put the pads in a different position. After 1 day the gel is soft and 1/4 of the time comes loose. After 2 days, the gel is goo, and 3/4 of the time comes loose. By the end of 3rd day, the gel is basically snot and is dissolving all over the elastic bandage. These pads also make my skin itch.. I generally buy whatever pads are cheapest but I have never had these problems before. Never going to buy again.
Thought I was getting deal on this and then when it arrived found out it was non-food grade and for topical (external) use only. So, the bottle sits on the counter and will be tossed when we move.
Would not stick to floor of bath tub
The bristles are so spread out and it hurt my scalp. Don't feel like it detangled better than any regular brush.
I'm still waiting for results. I expected results quickly. Looking for more energy. My testosterone level is very low due to Dr prescribed Testosterone not being covered by insurance anymore. I'll try another bottle to see if it works.
Might work, but gave me Heart Palpitations. Amazon gave me a full refund.
The idea is a good one and I really wanted it to work but it kept slipping off and my stethoscope kept coming loose, I didn't even use this for a while shift when I gave up and put the stethoscope back into my pocket.
Wanted to like these and use in my car to freshen things up but they became overpowering even on the lowest setting and made the car smell like a cheap perfume. Won't be getting these again.
The product arrived in time. I was expecting a better "Berry" flavor. It still has an off flavor to it unless I mix it with a fruit heavy smoothie. There is no way that I can just add this to water and drink it. The other Super Food flavors over power the berry flavor.
Returned it. Didn't find it comfortable.
Not A fan of this particular bag .... it seemed like I ate the same one flavor of strawberry 😥
I bought this but just didnt work out for me.. didnt like that it feels icky afterwards.. has a great smell but doesnt taste good either.
I used it for my knees but no resolve in the pain whatsoever.
This handle is much smaller than you think it would be. Small enough to make it even kind of difficult to hold it well while cleaning. Not what I have come to expect from Norwex. The scrub pad is attached with a plastic piece and screw. I'm hopeful that I'll be able to replace the scrubber when the time comes but I haven't tried it yet.
Really wildly disappointed in the product. I cleaned weekly as instructed, took care of it, didn't let it sit with water in it. It worked fabulously.... for 2 or 3 months. Now, even though the fan blows, no mist, no humidifying, nothing. Super disappointed. No amount of descaling and cleaning and troubleshooting fixes it.
The pump doesnt work.
Most of these smell the same, and not like what they are supposed to.
These pills didn't help at all
Was excited to try a new wax. Yeah! Tried it-- applies very smooth, seems to hold well. So I pull it out of the box, (very nice box, btw) and open it up. It has a very pleasant smell. I hop out of the shower with my mind on my beard, moisturize my face, then get to combing. A few fingernails later, my moustache is nicely held, beard hairs in place. All good, so far. I can smell it on my 'stache. Dinnertime. I go to have a sip of beer. I smell my beer, but get a whiff of beer/wax cologne smell. Huh. Dinner comes. Steak with cologne smell. Green beans with cologne. Wiping at 'stache with napkin at this point. Dessert. (smell still pretty strong--I'm annoyed but impressed at the staying power) Bathroom to wash face/hands. Still there. NEXT MORNING. Wake up to friendly cologne smell. Coffee with cologne. Cereal...with...cologne. Shower with lots of soap. Finally faded. Going back to my old one. Summary? Works GREAT, if you can stand the smell...not a bad smell, very nice...but impressively persistent.
Not really what we expected. And the screwdriver was too big for the screws. The nose pads are cheap plastic
You will feel numbness until the end of next day.
It was very uncomfortable to me, I understand everyone is not the same . This just didn't work for me, it felt super big and uncomfortable no matter how many different ways I inserted it.
I was very disappointed that even after 4 treatments I saw no results at all. Also, my teeth are not prone to being sensitive to hot or cold, etc., and this was extremely uncomfortable right from the start!!! I have received my return label and will be sending the product back and expect a full refund as I am very displeased.
Well all can say is not yet for me.
I am apparently too uncoordinated to strap this thing on my upper left arm, even though Velcro is involved! Ordered a wrist monitor instead.
I've been using this vitamin to battle my pcos symptoms for a couple of months now. I've given it 2 stars because I'm not sure if it's working. I don't feel no different. I still get my acne, no ovulation, and little extra hairs on my chin. I'm not sure if it's one of those vitamins that you have to try for a few months to see results. I might try one more month and if I don't see a difference setup taking.
Not happy with this product. Not recommended.
The taste was very bland. I did not taste white chocolate and barely the coconut. The main thing I could not stomach was the floaters in it. And yes I did shake very well but they would still be there. I can't purchase again. I was interested in the other flavor but I don't want to spend that kind of money and be this disappointed. I can't even finish the 12 pack I bought.
I was looking for something with conscientious ingredients and without sugar. This product seemed promising. Unfortunately I forgot that without sugar can also mean sweetener. So this turns out super sweet. I'm not a very sweet person in general, so I'm not sure if others feel the same. I started mixing it half & half with other protein powders that have no sugar or sweetener. It's still pretty sweet. I will say that it does not clump.
didn't help me sleep at all
Uncomfortable to wear.
only one of the vibration settings was actually pleasurable, but I'm not too upset with that. worked fine up until about six months when it just stopped working completely. won't turn on at all even with brand new energizer batteries. overall I'm very unsatisfied.
They seem durable, but I won't get to find out because my size mediums fit like extra smalls. Even my mom, who has tiny hands complained about how snug they were.
When I opened the polish, this is how it looked, a not even half filled jar, a total mess.
I was excited to get this after smelling this on someone. The roller ball doesn't roll! I am going to buy this scent elsewhere.
The product blends OK in my coffee but even paired with my normal heavy cream, I notice a bitter aftertaste.
The putty itself is great. The problem I had was none of the containers were full, as a matter of fact my blue putty was barely half full. With this said I was curious about the size of the container, which is exactly 3 oz. if you fill it to the very top. After making measurements I figure you get an average of 2 oz. of each color.
This product makes me dizzy/sleepy/makes me feel like I have to sleep when I don't. The gnc krill oil is much better. wasted $20
breaks a part in your hand and Not very moist.
I barely felt any "massaging" when I turned this on and tried to use it on my shoulders. I had it on the highest setting, it made a bunch of noise, I tried to dig it into my back, but still barely felt anything... Most likely not going to even use this again. Wouldn't recommend, definitely wouldn't buy again.
Was disappointed at how gritty it is. Doesn't mix well at all with milk. Very clumpy and hard to drink.
I cannot tell that it does anything to relieve pain.
Incorrect sizes listed in description - does not match what was delivered.
Doesn't seem to help unless you have someone to do it for you and even then it seemed to make it worse instead of better
Very unhappy, it came already clumped up and sandy. Still tastes good, but is basically undrinkable. Will not be purchasing again.
I didn't like this product. I didn't think it helped my particular pain and wasn't exactly what I thought it would be like. However, when I called the company and expressed my dissatisfaction, they happily refunded my money and asked me to pass the product on to someone who might benefit from it. I'd give their customer service 5 stars.
Was bigger than expected clasp on chain broke first week
PROS: You can see things at the angle as intended. No more neck strain. CONS: Made me dizzy as it's heavy and isn't stabilized.
Its a medium cup so be sure to research before wasting money. Does it's job if size is appropriate.
This thing is a PIA! I need to do this every night - but having to put it back together every time is awful!. If I could permanently attach to Wall or Door - it would be much easier. It needs to stay still when I am not in it. I need a 2nd person to help me get into to prevent more injury - that is not an option every day. Please make something that can be installed on a long term basis for easier use!
Too hard..caused pain rather than helped
very dull blades. I hope the rest are better than the first one.
Product is clumped/hard upon opening. Would recommend the unflavored version, this flavor overpowers the preworkout that I use.
I wish the batteries on these damn things didn't die to quickly, and that the vibrators would stay in the rings better, also wish they were easy to turn on. Only one worked and not for very long
I am 6'3" and 230 lbs. As others has said, this is short in the back (I bought the largest one and it still does not cover much of the back). The lengths of the waste straps are good but (again, as others have said) it is really rough on the armpit area. I had to take it off after 20 minutes. I will try it again with a heavy sweatshirt to see if it is any better.
I need to return this as I'm disappointed in its less then expected performance! Can't find the return email link. Have you discontinued offering that service?
Got stuck and stretched out on first use
Tried this I'm not even that big my thing was all swollen afterwards
Not sure what others think. I did not like the taste. Tried it with milk too, it didn't help.
Works well. Holds heat longer than I expected. I didn't realize it would be so small. Guess I missed measurements.
Makes me sleepy in about 30 minutes for maybe 30 minutes. If I miss that window it seems to keep me awake! It helps me to fall asleep (in that window) but does nothing to help me stay asleep.
It did not fit my wrists. Way too big
they sent me the wrong spray. I didnt order hairspray. I ordered volumizing spray.
I have only used my vacuum twice since I put the scents in and I do not smell anything at all.
The flavor was ok but I would not consider these small tablets to be quick or fast dissolving. Even after 30 seconds under my tongue they did not completely dissolved, only softened enough to make swallowing easier. But these tablets are so small they could be swallowed easily without dissolving. If you are wanting a SL tablet (one that dissolves under your tongue) then I would not recommend this tablet.
I've been buying PanOxyl Acne Foaming Wash for a few years now on the advice of my dermatologist. It has worked wonders for my skin and scalp. Unfortunately , the latest three-pack that I received from Amazon is the “New Formula” version. It stinks, both literally and figuratively. The smell is strong and unpleasant, and it has a new, more watery consistency that does not foam nearly as well as the original formula. Not pleased at all. Why do companies feel compelled to screw around with an existing, proven product that is already a winner?
Back in the day I had the original. It was fantastic. This is a poor imitation. Not powerful. Definitely not worth the money.
Terrible flavor and didn't effect keto reading at all
I have a bad back (4 surgeries) and use a cane for balance. My usual cane is expensive and I wanted a less expensive substitute. It was a mistake. The cane is light and cheap, which are the only things good about it. First, the wrist strap fell off. The “metal” O ring holding it on had less durability than the aluminum they use for soda cans. Next, when I dropped it after the strap came off, I had to bend down and pick it up. I did so very carefully but I started to lose my balance. I had the cane in hand but it was too cheap to really help me and I ended up falling down, luckily without injury. If you need a cane, get a decent wooden one made of oak/hickory that has some heft to it. They are worth the money. I got my good cane from Cane Masters and it has been worth every penny.
I like the convince of a pull up but these sag to much and I have to change them much more frequently than a little movers diapers because of the sagging. Unfortunately I have a very big box to use up. I'd suggest sticking to little movers diapers, I'm very happy with those.
The Myrrh is diluted and not 100% therapeutic as the label in the photo states. The label on the one I was shipped is says it diluted in Jojoba oil. The scent is very week and dissipates quickly. I used a testing strip and within an hour the scent was barely discernible in contrast to my many other 100% therapeutic essential oil varieties.
The cushion was not very thick at all and just goes flat when you sit on it. I was very disappointed.
Love this product when bought in store, but this product seemed like it's been sitting in the warehouse for a long time. Not fresh at all, chocolate had that old white color, product was hard. Very mediocre.
I rely on reviews for most of my purchases and because of the reviews. I purchased this product. I did not expect a miracle pill, but I have NOT seen the benefits of using this produce. I started exercising BEFORE, this purchase and have been eating healthier. This is not helping me with weight loss nor acid reflux and the claims of increased energy; NOT!! I will not say, don't purchase, because this apparently works for some; just not me.
These are convenient and easy to use, but unfortunately only if the person has mild bunions. For anyone like me who has severe bunions due to arthritis, the padding is far to thin to make a difference when worn with shoes, Have to pass on this one.
Meh. These are ok. Just not for me.
I was very excited to see this product, so I ordered one immediately. It's pretty easy to use; but the higher pulsating choice still isn't as strong as when I use the bottle. It allowed me to breathe a bit better, but I was congested again within a couple of hours which is a shorter time than when I use the squeezed bottle. I hope to return the item because I won't be using it.
So so pipe, low quality and it hits funny. Wouldn't recommend it.
Have used the entire bottle but have not felt any different or noticed any results. Every body reacts differently-just didn't seem to work for me. The only thing I did notice was that anytime I took these it made me constipated.
I got this for my cramps and I tried so hard to make it work but I just couldn't. It kept turning off every minute, so I never knew how hot it could really get. I just didn't like it at all. The concept is cool and if it worked it would've been so great.
Taste was good but they were melted when arrived at my door. I have to pry a vitamin from the meter blob to take one.
Not as the picture to bent the brush, so when there is angle, it's hard to reach and use.
Very little color variation. Doesn't look much like a tiger eye. I'm not too happy.
Came and looks as expected. Does not work for circulation as claimed.
This shampoo doesn't clean my hair well enough. It leaves me feeling greasy after 24 hours, and it doesn't really seem to adequately cleanse my scalp. I wanted to love it since it's EWG verified, but it just gives me bad hair days, along with its accompanying conditioner. I have a ton of long, fine, color treated hair, and typically have a dry scalp, and this doesn't work well for me a all.
Not very comfortable at all. Does not relieve pressure from foot.
It works ok, but if you leave the battery in it drains it. Also the bottom of mine won't screw back on so I can't use it. Haven't even had it six months.
Not impress; didn't notice any difference
It's very hard to work with that . I don't like it.
Does the job but it feels like it's over stock or not kept cool and dry before shipping.. You sometimes you get a fast rush of energy something it takes a little longer than others.. Consistency is not there.
Item was shipped on time and looked as described. Not the best quality. Needs to improve on the Velcro strap. Velcro does not las a long time. Kept ordering brace for my dad every other month...
What is going on with the packaging? You put a flimsy little box inside of a cheap envelope and it's gets destroyed in transit? Oh man. Major disappointment when you receive this product.
the taste is very bad.
I ordered this kit, everything was there but an empty spot for the comb
It's way too large for my head.
The Large is supposed to be 25 x 6 x 3 cm. The lid outside (not the container inside) measures 24.5 x 5.75 x 3. I assumed it was inside measurements to hold my 10" glass straws. Bad assumption: inside length is 23.5 cm. I won't test the construction or durability as it is not useful to me.
I am getting tired of ordering this type of thing on Amazon and getting it 20 days or less before the expiration date. It's just vendors dumping their near out of date products because they know most people won't bother returning it.
It works ok, but it arrived damaged. The right side arm was broken when it arrived. It was packaged in the original box that way which was then packed in the shipping box.
could stil hear everything when wearing them. Also they are bulky and hard to sleep in
I thought I was getting the whole head. Just got the the blades. Pay more than the last time I got just blades.
I got the frosty chocolate flavor, and it's not very good. I find myself taking big drinks so I don't taste it much. With that said, it kept me full for about 3.5 hours.
Not very good. Fudge bars are better
Product not very good. The charge doesnt last and it is annoying to have to constantly charge it. It doesnt light things easily either. The bendable neck is cool, but not very practical for every day use. Im sure it would also suck to need this lighter in an emergency if you have lost power, only to have it give out on you right away because it cant hold a charge.
No better than MCT oil.
These varied sizes/lengths seemed like such a great idea, but alas, no... they are all way too skinny to be useful. And... I learned they are not returnable so I'm stuck with them (will probably give them away).
I got to change the Battery for the right side And the left side is not working
I tried this pre and Post Workouts but im hesitant to use it because it tastes pretty awful and chalky
Not very powerful vibration.
Not for me. I have MS and quite a bit of damage to my brain, This made my dizziness and vertigo worse,
The temperatures have been questionable on this thing since the get-go. Variations of two degrees or more are not uncommon when trying it back to back to back. I would not recommend.
I love the smell! I quit but my daughter still smokes, I was hoping this would help. Burn time is no where close to 70 hours, it's over half gone in about 4 days. A lot of money for what I got out of it. I'm gonna stick with the spray
I thought they smelled funny so I threw it away.
I have no idea if this works. I just received it, took a dose and am hoping my stomach let's it stay. This is really doesn't taste good and then you can feel your stomach trying to decide whether to let it stay. Ugh! I typically use herb pharm brand but tried this one because it was prime. It may work well if I can manage to gag it down, but I'm already dreading my next dose.
Only what I taste it's salt. I hope to find a Metamucil with a neutral taste.
I can't say I really have an opinion. Had I read you can't take them unless you haven't eaten for two hours, I wouldn't have bought them as I'm always eating a meal or snacking. Even in the wee hours of the morning, so I have only taken two so far. When I haven't eaten I forget or I'm about to have another meal... Its just not the product for me.
Couldn't get these to stick
I've used different brands of ketones. These made me a jittery irritable mess. I had to stop taking them.
The sweetener is overpowering and gross
Noticed no difference with use.
The stethoscope feels cheaply made and the ear buds are very uncomfortable, spring is to tight pushing them into ears
I mostly did not like this belt because it didn't have enough support for me. Also it didn't stay in place. It rolled up on my back
I recently had surgery and was hoping to insurance a great, at least better scar line. This product was difficult for me to work with. I destroyed one of them before I could get it into place. It did not last past the first day. This product does not work well when placed on a scar that is in a "crease".
Didn't feel any change.
I discontinued after 2 weeks. It did not work for me.
There is almost no flavor in there, it's very mild. But it does feel like you're drinking sand. There's usually an extra energy boost I get from these products that this product simply did not have, but I could still tell I felt a little better. It's not all bad, but I'm not going to buy it again.
Heats up very quickly. No automatic shut off. Loved it at first but doesn't heat up anymore. Less than 2 months old.
This box serves its purpose but the wood is very cheap.
This sleeve is very light weight and so far I have seen no benifit from it.
The roller is broken.
I was disappointed; these didn't really work for me. However, customer service was excellent and they refunded my money without a fuss.
It's very hard to get the handle to lock in you need somebody strong to help you. I can't get the handle down at all to put it in the car so The handle has to stay up. I'm almost 4 weeks in and it's not as comfortable as it was in the beginning so the comfort level goes down really fast. Now I am 5 foot 3 1/2. For somebody taller this might be fine for comfort level but for anybody under my height you need to get a kid size. But the cushion also wears down fast under weight I am close to 200 pounds. Losing weight though I'm off my feet because I don't wanna get any bigger! I am now five weeks into using this scooter and the handle has popped off three times. None of these scooters with this type of wheel or any good on anything but flooring In a house. I tried to use it on a brick paved sidewalk and almost fell face first. Also twigs and small rocks can stop you in your path and turn you over if you're not careful. Luckily my balances OK so none of that happened but I came close to it more than a dozen times. Again this is for in-home use only but the handle falls off after a few weeks so I would maybe buy something else
Wish it was written that item is not returnable!!!! Waste of $. Couldn't wear with a shoe- therefore useless most of the time.
No results yet , but packaged well , thus 2 stars for that.
Not even close to real thing
I really like Swanson Products but, but sorry to say this one didn't work for me. I was really hoping it would, because the tincture form is so expensive. I would love to see Swanson make this in a tincture form.
We were really trying to make an effort to use more recyclable products and tried these. If the coffee didn't leak through the bottom of the cup, the cheap tops leaked all over you. We bought plastic reusable cups and lids from Walmart that look like these cups (but washable) and they are great. Don't waste your money.
It does not hold the toliet paper
Although the product works ok the gel pads are so sticky that you can't use them. I bought this for my upper back and neck and ended up with goo all over my hair. It was a total mess. Would not recommend.
I have been on this product for about three months. Although the broth mixed with Vanilla Almond Milk is rather tasty, sadly I have not seen any benefit in taking this supplement as far as nails, hair or skin. Very disappointed, however found another great alternative by Kosher Great Lakes, this I have had great results and it is half the price!
Probably works good. Got it four my wife, she never uses it
It did not stop my snoring or help my sleep apnea. A waste of money.,
I guess I should have read product description more in depth, they DO NOT come with envelopes 😫
Bought these because it seemed like a great deal vs Dixie cups. However, I have noticed that if I put listerine in them, the bottom becomes transparent within two minutes (so don't get distracted brushing your teeth or you'll have mouthwash everywhere - I left a cup with mouthwash for about 5 minutes and the bottom had soaked through). They're just not watertight for more than a few minutes. Could be good for things not requiring liquid like sorting out vitamins or medicine. I'm going to donate this package to the local school for arts and crafts because I can't stand the idea of having to work my way through 600 of them.
Have chronic back pain- cream smells really good, but doesn't help pain
Could be a great product, 1080P was more like 480P
Not what I expected. Quality is not even close to the original bona. Hardly clean the floor. Not sure if it is really microfiber or just a cheap polyester. Would not recommend.
Cheap quality. Gauge clip fell apart within a week of use.
Said it was delivered directly to me. It was not! I never received it. I'm very upset, I paid over $50.00 for this product and I never received it yesterday.
Pretty watery solution.
Update: won't charge any more. Haven't used it much and it's already done. Tried different cords. No success. It's a fun little device. I used it with the phone and tested it with my cam site. Setup was a bit tricky but not hard at all. Clean and charge when you first receive it. Both holes are fine to use this in. Just be sure to use lube 😁
Not as relaxing as some I've tried in clinical settings. It was extremely disappointing to receive this item in its own box. The seller just slapped a mailing label on it. All my coworkers got to see what I bought. No personal care items should be shipped this way.
Over all did not work for me and seemed to cause dizziness the following morning . Marine collagen seems to work best for my system. Discontinued use but did not return.
PROS: I enjoyed the vibrational performance and the ergonomics of this device. It was fun and easy to wear, with some good vibe pattern presets. CONS: The battery does not last long enough, leaving me disappointed when it would die before I had finished using it. The remote is buggy and unreliable. I gave up trying to get the remote to work properly on the first day.
I do not feel anything while using the energy or the focus supplement. IT was not worth the money spent.
I didn't felt any change of pain in my body
I was so excited about this product!! I was disappointed when the product would not gotten the arch in the table nor on the ground. The plastic pipes begin to bend leaving a crease in the tubing.
This didn't kill all the bugs even after a couple hours. The brown listerine works better. We do use the spray to help prevent it seems to work.
Poor location of screw holes.
It leaks. Would like a new one or other model with a better seal.
I never received this product.
The apple scent one is way too strong. The others smell really good but unfortunatly do not last that long. Each square lasts like 1 hour
Not good smell to me. My cousin said what kind of bad smell is it. It is a fragrance smell but I don't know why it is unpleasant to me and even my cousin when she smell it when she is close to me.
This worked fairly well at first, but broke after four months. Won't heat up anymore and it's still in good condition. No wires are frayed or anything. Bummer
Is not good for people who want to shave hair that is longer a Little stubble and barely did that. It also killed batteries fast.
I bought some of this, same dosage etc, in a shop in Vegas. It really seemed to help my inflammation before, but this particular bottle of the same stuff did noting that I could tell. I won't be buying it on the internet anymore. I feel it was a waste of money. I guess you need to be cautious of where you buy from.
My problem with this product, is the after taste. I decided to give this brand a try, since it had decent reviews and was $11. The after taste lingers in your mouth for a while and is not pleasant. I guess you get what you pay for! I'm going to ditch this one and go back to Salt Lake Supplements Vitamin B12 Liquid Drops.
Writing needs to be darker.. Would not purchase again
slips around due to the weight, so you can rest in it but not sleep
These did not blend well and left my face looking dirty. Gross.
Seemed to work decently well but no way to test. DOWNSIDE: This was liquid. NOT GEL!! Runs out way too quick & How am I supposed to have a tub in my car or in a high traffic room without fear of it tipping/being bumped over?? I am ordering one more - only bc I want something natural to help keep the air clean - if it is still soupy I will return & prob never order again. This stuff is way too overpriced to have these issues & evaporate so quickly. Please fix your consistency issues!
Need to dissolve prior to use in he washer / does not dissolve well
I bought this product to treat an active cold sore on my nose. After using the product for over a week, I saw no change in my cold sore. In fact, the sore was getting worse. I ended up having to go to the store to purchase a different medication, and am already seeing a difference. I didn't give zero stars because I have also been intermittently using this product as a nighttime lip moisturizer, and I wake up in the morning with my lips still feeling moisturized. Also the container looks small, but a little goes a long way.
Very uncomfortable. The velcro makes it uncomfortable. The material feels silky though, so I will give credit where it is due.
won't buy again didn't last long
This product came as a single bottle, about one quarter filled, in an entire shoe box size box filled with paper stuffing. I ordered 2 bottles (came in 2 separate boxes of equal size and packaging and fit the contents of both inside 1 bottle with over half of the bottle still empty. The ridiculous amount of packaging alone makes me not purchase again. The ingredients are good, but the quantity of actual vitamins in each serving is too little. 33% of the RDA of Vitamin C, for example. It's also not chewable. It doesn't claim to be, but I assumed being a children's vitamin that it would be, in some way, easy to administer to children.
Skeptical...the first container I received was pink in color and worked great and the 2nd was white?!? Haven't tried the “new” batch yet as I was just going to combine containers because my first was low. I cannot find any articles that say they changed their formula. I would have returned but I missed the deadline. My loss.
I found it on the big side. Also, I wasn't a big fan of the different modes. Only one of them felt good but it was a mode that changed rhythm every few seconds, so, not helpful. I am a difficult case though, but why go through the trouble and money when something simpler could do a better job?
I thought / misread that they were MUCH bigger. They're small. :(
Too sweet, nothing like passion fruit. Very chalky. I used some lime juice to cut the sweet down. Doesn't matter what flavor you get. They all taste too sweet and nothing like advertised.
The strawberry mix makes a lot of foam when mixing. I never had this issue with the chocolate mix.
Sprayer didn't work immediately and unable to fix
No notable results from this product. Other biotin products have had visible results within the same time span of use.
This product smells like smoke. Not pleasent. I will use it but I won't purchase it again. Sorry.
They came in good time but they were too small
The flavor is really good, but I didn't notice a change in either my energy levels nor my weight.
Heart rate monitors, and their straps, have become a necessary evil for training. While the modules tend to last, straps are a disposable item at best. Most last for several months, but I have had this particular item last only ten days. When I contacted the seller, they said Amazon fulfilled the order so they should be contacted to address the issue. Really? In any case, these are cheaper than the Garmin, Polar, or name brand models. Their durability, or lack thereof, would earn them all one star. The reduced cost earned it a second star. However, based on the aforementioned customer service, i won't be ordering from this seller, whether Amazon fulfills the order or not, again.
Did not receive the measuring spoons.
These aren't like those bought from the Streak Free Website. Much cheaper and thinner.
I sometimes make my smoothies adding veggie powder or protein powder. Sometimes the ninja leaves a glob of that at the bottom. I can usually use my hard plastic straws to scrape it off and mix it in, but these straws are too flexible and will not scrape the bottom.
I got this for my mother to help with shoulder pain and it worked fine for a few months but then stopped working. Of course past the warrenty period. I would not recommend.
Not near as roomy as described.
Packaging needs to be a box not an envelope pak. Product was damaged due to poor service. I see multiple people with similar reviews. I was hoping the company heeded to the complaints.
Cheaply made, took forever to arrive from a cottage in China. Doesn't fit many pipes because it is too small. However, it is pocket-sized.
I actually bought an extra bottle, I followed the instructions on the bottle, and took both complete bottles, for extra time, yet, they seem to do nothing but make me constipated. I tried to like them, but, honestly, they did nothing. I read all of the rave reviews, and figured they would be awesome, but.... nothing. I don't know what else to say, but I may as well have been taking sugar cubes. Perhaps I should have doubled the dose? I don't know, I probably should have tried.... I am very happy that it seemed to have worked for most folks, but I just didn't notice anything.
Bought these for my boyfriend as he snores like a lumber mill. Sometimes they work, other times it doesn't. I think the position he is in is a huge factor in if they work or not. They also don't stay on very well, I'd say a good 8/10 times he wakes up without them on his nose and finds them in really random places. Might work better for other people, but probably won't buy these again.
Let's be honest, these diapers are garbage but it's job is to hold your kids poop so whatever, they're cheap. Better for my baby than my toddler. When it gets even a little wet it starts sagging to his knees.
They make a big claim but it doesn't bear out. Am sorry I bought it.
I ran out of Grapefruit Verbena and was looking for a better scent, so I bought some of this. I'd say that it's a little more than light scented, and it kind of smells like an old lady. I had no issues with the grapefruit verbena scent, but this one gave me a yeast infection.
It tasted decent but wasn't at all filling. It tended to be gritty when mixed with anything cold.
The EKG is quite unlike what you will get in your doctor's office. The baseline tends to be very unsteady despite many experiments with pressure and moisture on the finger points. It will not work with all iPads, I have a brand new 2018 9.7" iPad with 128GB storage with which it will not work. And if you have a pulse rate below 50 as I do, it will not give you an analysis of your EKG so it is best if you know for what you are looking. All in all, the technology has a long way to improve before it will rival a legitimate EKG.
This definitely could be used to help treat constipation. I even tried taking half of the recommended dose and still got a good colon cleanse. I could only use it for 2 days so I don't know if it actually works
It was my doctor's recommendation to make this purchase to help with my health condition. Been taking it for two weeks and I don't see any difference.
Does not fill a room with a noticeable scent. Nice box and packaging
Two of the five pack don't work.
Did not stick. Came off after a few times of putting on and taking off shoe.
These do not work for me.
Smells like insecticide and didn't make much of a difference.
I have pressure sores and this donut wasn't big enough nor round enough if it was in the shape of a real donut it might have been good for me. But it hurt like hell.
Warms up fast and holds heat well but while it has never been anyplace but on my eyes it discolors rather quickly and the stain does not wash out. Rather unfortunate for an expensive little pad.
This is the second time we've received the item leaked all over the box. Otherwise we like the bubbles
Not a good fit. Awkward to get on and the fit was weird so it didn't heat well. I bought as a gift. He was quite disappointed.
Based on the picture shown, I purchased thinking I was getting a pair of the Adult size Regular. For $25 I received a single sock in my package. $25 for 1 sock is ridiculous!
Without much use and simply sitting in my freezer one of the ice packs split, I would get my money back if I could.
I took this product as recommended, but I never felt it truly helping my night vision like I had wanted it to. I also found another supplement that seemed to work better at a lower price.
I purchased this hoping to reduce the smell of my feet during the summer time while wearing sandals. It leaves white residue on feet and smell still there.
I purchased this item for my wife to help her with her lower back problem. It worked well twice, and then the third time she began to get shocked, causing pain, and she no longer used it again. Looking for a refund, and I wouldn't recommend this to anyone!
Loved the designs but they are way too long. I'm 5'2" and the socks were about 1/2" above my knee.
Pros: wonderful scent Cons: leaves stains on clothing, needed multiple rinse to remove I've used many Mrs Meyers products, this one just isn't quite what I've come to expect.
The product is as expected But it wasn't 200 leaves it was 49 leaves It was only one vacuum packed plastic bag I feel I was ripped off or maybe it was a mistake
This was fine for a few months but now seems it has lost the support needed to keep my back straight and from curving and making my lower back really hurt. Also, I think the loss of firmness causes me to slide down while sleeping and puts me in an uncomfortable position. The pillow cover may also contribute to the sliding forward. Memory form may not be the answer. I will look for a regular foam pillow to replace it.
Maybe my immune system is just fine, but I didn't notice any difference when taking 2 of these a day. With food, without food, morning, afternoon, night...nothing happened. I finished the bottle too.
One of the two lenses did not stick correctly after it dried. Very disappointed
This one is way to watery and doesnt last long i noticed different ingredients in the 32oz compared to the 8oz bottle . Dissapointing
Love this line of protein powders, but this flavor was awful- flavorless but really salty.
Initially worked as expected but after only owning a couple of months the charging cord broke. The piece that plugs right into massager is easily bendable/not very sturdy. Stopped charging.
There is not a smell of basil in this soap. It's very flowery not at all like basil.
There are NOT side closures on East Ups! This is my fault for not double checking prior to buying. There's always a reason for a cheaper price. Back to Pull Ups for us. No one wants to take a toddlers pants and shoes all the way off for a change.
The brace is well made with good quality materials. The center strap is the problem. The elastic wrap around does not allow you to tighten it enough to stop wrist flexing. If the center strap were fastened in the same manner as the other two straps, this would be a five star brace.
I ended up returning this item because I didn't think the quality was good. *The hard plastic splint-type thing was SUPER uncomfortable! I can't imagine sleeping with them on!! *The stretchy pieces were WAY too big for my feet. I do have small feet, but they are wide so I thought they'd be much more fitting and supportive, but they were not. There really was no reason to even have them on. *The toe exerciser was too flimsy. The material was way too stretchy so it didn't really give your toes the workout they need. *The one good thing I have to say about the product is about the silicone toe forms. They did fit and were fairly comfortable. It just wasn't worth keeping for those small pieces since over half the items were of no use.
Doesn't work for me.
This product gave me a reaction of diarrhea for 4 days
I.T doesn't really work! Waste of money
I usually love the rose scent, I have a lot of other product with rose scent. But this one is just a little disappointed. I don't know what this is, but it's just not right. But the package is still nice, and I like the idea of having the dropper.
Painfully tight around the upper ribs. I tried to wear these several different times, even when my swelling had gone down but they were still too uncomfortable.
My husband started he wouldn't order them again. The needles seem rough.
Very flimsey. Feels unsafe. Not approved by the home health nurse
I did not notice any increase in energy and actually no effect at all. Will try another product.
Cute bags but only received 12 bags per order!
Is the metal/aluminum ring, where cleaning adapters are attached, suppose to move? Every time I put any type of force on it, the ring gives and starts to rotate. There are screws like rivets on the sides but I have no way of tightening them.
Did a very good job! Well, must update my bogus review. These things never do go right! My original review of the product stated that I was dissatisfied and the product was returned for a refund. The messager worked very well on initial start up but then lost power! I needed it for hip massage and it was too weak! Did not like the re-charge time. Anyway, I was contacted by the seller and she explained that poor reviews were harmful to their business and would I consider changing my review? I debated and she offered me $credit. I modified my review, still only gave it 2 stars! Like I said, these things never work out well for me! So sorry for the changed review! And yes, no credit on my account! I will never do this again and hope that my more positive review did not influence anyone to buy the massager! I purchased one that was not battery operated, same style, and it did, and still does, work great! Thank you!
I tore a meniscus when standing up from a seating position with resulting pain and swelling up and down the leg. I found the "brace" difficult to wear. Too heavy for me to walk with.
long delay in receiving shipment
Stopped working after a month
Was amazing for the first 2 weeks, and then my armpits became so irritated that I had to quit using!
Not as effective for me as were the Tylenol Arthritis tablets.
Its a good tea and that's about it
Failed the first time I sat on it.
Makes a big mess, and doesn't remove piling very well.
was super excited for this product and to try it out. it takes way too long to even get it a little bit warmed up. we tried for over an hour and it was still pretty cold. we reread the instructions and made sure everything was done correctly, to which it was and ... ya not so thrilled. maybe if we tried heating it up way before he would actually need his bottle it would have worked out better for us? not sure. kinda bummed it didnt work as well as i had hoped it would.
Nice texture thick but very soft busted in two uses
Taste terrible. I took 1 pill a day for a month and didn't notice any differences. Not purchasing again.
Bought these for my 10 year old. He is used to swallowing pills, but these were huge! He can't get them down. disappointed.
Purchased these to use in Samsung 3d glasses and then all registered as only 50-75% charged.
This banner is very flimsy and the quality is not great. Looks very cheap.
Brought this for headaches, arthritis pain and general inflammatory pain but unfortunately didn't notice any difference at all.. disappointed after all the good reviews I read :(
I like the nutrient profile of this bar and the fact that they don't use artificial sweeteners. The flavor is overly sweet. It will be hard to eat all of the bars due to the bad flavor. Would not buy again.
I could deal with the taste if it would just blend. I wanted to try a new brand but it's not worth it
I think the idea has merit but lacked in performance for me. The gloves are durable but very cumbersome and unwieldy. Plus when they are covered in dish soap, they're very slippery, and I'm always afraid of dropping dishes because of the lack of grip. The silicone will not scrub off any stuck-on food either. Alas, it's back to the regular gloves and sponge for me.
8 of these batteries failed not sure I'll order again.
Much smaller than expected. Disappointed.
Was not packaged appropriately spilled out in box.
This product seemed solid but the internal cord broke the second time I took my sock off with it. Perhaps just a defective unit. When I ordered it the other reviews were positive.
I've been using a different epilator and it just died on me (it won't recharge) so I was looking for a different brand. This epilator is not nearly as powerful, even on the strongest setting, and only removed about 1/2 of the hair on my upper lip. My old one left my lip bare and smooth while this one left behind some super fine hairs as well as some coarser ones no matter how many times and different angles I tried to get them to catch. I'm really disappointed in this epilator and would definitely not recommend it.
I really disliked the fact that every time I wiped I had to also use a dry cloth to remove all the white flakes left on my skin. Other than that I didn't experience anything drastic. This product is safe on the skin.
About six medicine pills will enter, but the medicinal black paint will also adhere to the medicine. It is better to avoid coloring.
It cleans my granite counter tops just fine. The stainless steel is a different story.......streaks galore 👎🏽
with the new mobile chairs the arm rest is wider. you need to make your straps longer. we needed to add zip ties to make it work on my dad's chair.
The size and texture, as well as suction cup are great. The motor (main reason I bought it) was not so much. Inserted plainly and the rotation was okay, best on orgasm mode (which only lasts 4 seconds?). Even on orgasm mode, the motor itself couldn't handle me at my preferred angle of penetration, and would stop rotation. I ended up just letting it sit inside me hoping that the vibration could make me climax, but ultimately I gave up once it started to feel uncomfortable. Not the worst toy, but there are better ones out there for people who like direct stimulation rather than gliding in and out. Plus the rotation speeds were inconsistent and annoying.
I am less than pleased with this thermometer. It has great reviews and everything I wanted, but it's not working out. The batter level continues to show it's low even though I've changed the battery twice. It's also hard to look through the previous temps without shutting off the thermometer. I've had it a month and it gave me good temps until the last 2 weeks. I thought my temps were just high until I temped with second thermometer and found it was much lower. Not sure what's going on our why this one would be so different. I'm disappointed and will probably get a different one
I believe I received a fake item. The workmanship is shoddy, the internal elastic is so loose that the bottom segment falls out whenever you lift the cane, so it's actually dangerous to use. Not like the original one I used to have.
Flower fell off after a few wears.
Top layer isn't very absorbent and developed an odor after a single use despite machine washing. **update: save your money; might as well use a bath towel because the “waterproof” backing is not waterproof...any liquid on the pad seeps through the backing within minutes.
Sadly they did not help my home levels after 3 weeks, my body also ended up wither the typical side effect of iron..
The pod kind of melts in you clothing and doesn't dissolves all the way. So it leaves a sticky residue on your clothes having you to re wash or rinse a certain spot on your clothes.
A friend recommended this product for joint pain; however I have not noticed any improvement 😔
Pretty flimsy.back to the regular Kleenex but the price was good.
I bought these at the end of June, but did not open them until tonight. When I took the pill I got a whiff of something that honestly smelled like dirty ASS. I smelled the bottle of pills and they smelled RANCID. I'm now scared that I'm going to become violently ill. Anyone else had this issue? I see some of the people that did, smelled them BEFORE ingesting and returned them. Ugh.
Mine was used. I got it with burn marks and scratches on it already, when it was supposed to be new. It works though.
I wanted to try this, because it was significantly less expensive than the other broccoli seed oil I was using. Unfortunately, it's not the same. The first thing that tipped me off is that it doesn't have that strong musky odor that more expensive broccoli seed oils have. More importantly though, it's not non-comedogenic like more expensive broccoli seed oils; it made my face and scalp break out. This oil did work well for my hair, though, so I am giving it two stars instead of one.
Didn't work for my Grandson.
I would have liked to exchange them for a larger size but they don't give me that option plus if I send the pair I received back they only refund half my money. So I'm stuck with a pair I can't used. Not a way to do business as far as I'm concerned.
So far, I've noticed a slight increase in energy but I've only been taking it a week, but the company insists that I review their product only a week into it in order for me to receive my free promotional bottle that was initially promised. I would have rather waited a few weeks to write a better review. I will not lie on a review for any compensation.
Simple, small capsules to take. I think it did help with tanning better BUT I had an after taste for many hours after each time I took it. Took with meals but it didn't help. I don't have problems with indigestion, heartburn, etc. Will not purchase again due to this issue.
They didnt hold up good. They look dirty and all fuzzy after a few uses.
I would given this unit more stars, but it's hard to open and the directions are very vague. The directions did not even tell you how to turn on the unit. The unit stays on maybe up to five minutes then turns itself off. I'm still trying to figure this thing out and still trying to open it, which is very hard to do for me. I wish the mouth piece was a screw on, it would make it simpler to use. The rate I'm going, I'll end up breaking it before I'll have a chance of using it good. Wish I had found a better product, spent too much money for something that is hard to get into...
I suffer from occasional arthritic pain. I bought a pair, measured according to the directions. However when the gloves came in, the size ran small, they are made out of common cotton fabric and have no compression ability at all. If you're just looking for something to keep your hands warm, go ahead and get them but a size bigger. If you're looking for compression relief, find a more common brand name is what I suggest.
It's a great concept but I don't know if it's the brand or what but these don't work well.
Feels like drinking acid
Followed the directions to a T. Unfortunately, it didn't work.
Does not do anything for me.
The problem with this pill case is the individual pods do not stay in the case. I cannot even open up a pod without the pod coming out of the case. The pods need to be much more snug in the case. They should NOT even come out when the case is turned upside down. The pods should have to be pushed out from the bottom of the case.
I have used this to put on socks, however it is very difficult to do with ones that are support type. The wire is not heavy enough to keep from bending and my toe is hard to get into the sock because the toe opening on the Donner is too small. I am going to ask that I get a refund and purchase one that the wire is heavier and the toe/foot area is larger. I wear a size 9 ladies shoe.
Ouch! So many bruises.
This brace was pretty good when I started using it. It allowed good range of motion and didn't interfere with daily tasks, however after only a few months of use (3-4 days a week, removing it 3-4 times a day), the velcro won't stick anymore.
I wanted to like these diapers since they are about half the cost of honest brand diapers and also chlorine free/ organic but within one week of using them my baby has leaked multiple times and gotten a diaper rash. They don't seem to absorb very much or very well. I won't be reordering.
My 6 month old tried this for the first time, and one of the brush's bristle broke off! Not sure if the one I received was defective? Otherwise I like the size and shape of the teether; only wish the bristle didn't break so easily.
Had 2 boxes of these. Both tests told me different things using the same urine on multiple occasions. One said I was ovulating the other never said I was. So discouraging. Would not recommend as I feel it's been such a waste of money.
I bought this product when I was 34 weeks pregnant for my heartburn, I don't think this brand is better than another brand which I used to drink. Maybe this one isn't work for me
One would think, because of the jar it comes in, this product would be creamy. WRONG!! It is thinner than oil. The way it is packaged needs upgraded. Something this liquid should be in a tube. If you purchase this use caution when opening. If you spill this stuff it is slicker than snot.
I had read reviews about these gloves that the large was more like a medium, so I ordered a pair of large, but I'm here to tell you that is *not* the case, and since these gloves aren't available for return (why?!), now I'm stuck with huge pink gloves. That aside, the gloves themselves are okay, nothing special.
It doesnt work like tru vision tru control
This may work well for some, but for me I didn't notice much difference in my sleep at all and no difference at all in my hot flashes/night sweats.
This stuff is disgusting. It is hardly bearable when it is hot and the cooler it gets, it is the most disgusting thing I have ever drank.
A month old toothbrush has more scrubbing power than these brushes... be prepared to get 60 seconds maybe two minutes of scrubbing tops. It's not the value that's frustrating. It's having to use 4-5 brushes for 1 brush job.
This stuff smells better than your average bug spray but doesn't work as well. I applied it, took my dog to the park, and still ended up with mosquitoes biting at me.
I tried this for a month and didn't notice any difference in my body or how I felt except for how awful this tastes no matter what I tried to mix it in.
Product is fine but has awful taste in your mouth... over it up with whatever you drink
I bought this to use on long drives as I have pressure problems related to metal in both my hips( non wheelchair user). The cushion had several punctures without obvious cause on the underside and although I used the repair kit it continues to be a problem. I can't use it now, it just deflates
Unfortunately, this shampoo did not clear up my scalp at all. And, for the price, that's a disappointment. I will use since my scalp isn't worse but will not be reordering.
NOT WHAT WE EXPECTED
Very salty; saltier than the other 6 BHB salt powder I've tried. The chocolate is pretty faint too.
Does not last long, the chair has collapsed under kids use, it still can be set in but there is a big sunk in place in the middle
Disappointing, I liked the fat bomb from the same keto line, so thought to give it a try.... man, this tasted so weird... the artificial taste is too prominent. And not to mention when the product arrived... all the chocolate were melted... so will not recommend to others...
It's not what I expected. I've decided to go to my doctor and get fitted properly to avoid issues that may arise.
Unfortunately my daughter hates the taste of these! She wears braces and we have to chop up the tablet - they are pretty big tablets that are really hard like candy. I love the concept but will keep looking to find something better.
I hesitated before buying this product because several reviews I read mentioned that laundry smells like mildew after washing with this detergent. That's my experience exactly. I used about half the bottle, and my wife said no more. We've switched to Doterra laundry detergent... which is worth every penny.
Did not receive product that was advertised. Would not purchase from seller again. False advertising!
too hard and wanted it to have soap
This did not smell like sandalwood. It's very floral
I ordered the purple but received the black instead.
Heat from body and sweat makes these into firm bandages - they congeal into lumps that can't be unwound and must be either cut off or pulled down from my knee down to and over my foot.
I love the dryer, use it for years and bought it for my sister. I gave seller 2 stars simply because they sent the dryer without a box to NY? I sent it to my sister's job? Like why would you ship an item without a box!! Do better!!
I have been on Walmart brand fish oil pills for a while. These looked better and I start taking these a few months ago. Painful pimples on the back of my head started coming up like mad so I changed my diet and stopped these pills and they eventually went away. With new diet in place, I started these again and pimples returned. It may not be an issue with the product but my own biology reacting to something in the ingredients but I have an almost full bottle I won't be using again!
This version of Splenda seems to have a higher degree of filler than the packets. I have to use quite a bit more, probably double the volume to get the same degree of sweetness in drinks - coffee or lemonade, etc.
Stinky!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Smelled like chemicals. Had to air out closet from odor.
These are so thin. I prefer Costco and Honest.
Dr recommended these but not sure they work for me
Don't notice anything
IT IS SO SO FOR MY KIDS.
Poorly packaged box crushed on arrival
Did not work for me.
Absorbs but slides all over the place.
I guess the end with the very little longer bristles was for between your toes. NOT, Don't even reach half way up. Should be at least 1 1/2" to 2" long.
Not a huge fan of this. I think we burnt worse using this.
First off, if you want to get the total calories advertised on the packaging you need to add two of these HUGE scoops of powder into your bottle. I have the largest bottle BlenderBottle makes and the mixture is still disgustingly thick leaving you bloated and nauseous post-drinking. Maybe look for a product that does not require a metric ton of powder to get the job done or be prepared to bring two bottles with one scoop in each. Secondly, the vanilla flavor bubbles up like dish soap when mixed and tastes like luke warm milk.
I tried to mix it with fruit, cocoa powder. Nothing makes it drinkable. I read the reviews & can't believe there isn't more saying this.
Just received this product. Be careful when ordering. I think the vendor or Amazon might have the product description confused. This is not the cherry handle. I received the ash handle. Could possibly be a one time mistake, but I'd reach out to the vendor if you plan on purchasing this to confirm. Giving it four stars because it honestly isn't a big deal for me. *Update* It's unfortunate for me to have received a faulty item. The brush wobbles back and forth meaning there is some damage to the base of the handle. I wish packaging could be better.
No difusser came with this product as described
The scraper works great for the first few times of use but them it gets dull and does not scrape well. Leaves skin very rough and even the included files do not remove the rough skin. Not too happy with the product. Bought three for my mom and a friend and they have the same observations.
They way it look the advertisement appears to look like you getting more than one can.
Did what it's supposed to to but something in this flavoring really upsets my stomach. So I've only used it twice and will not use it again.
Super absorbency is what the product is sold as, yet is anything but super absorbing. For someone who is looking to find something that can super absorb for more than 4 hours this is not it. Stick with name brand. The packaging is hard to get into. The applicator and plunger are difficult compared to other brands. You have to grip the sides just to detach the two of you know what I mean. These probably last two hours. Got these last minute and am not stuck with them. Will only use them on lighter days. Not worth it unless one wants a mess and doesn't stay on top of them. For those who suffer from blood issues don't bother.
Didn't work for my husband but he wasn't concerned with returning since his work provided free ones that did work. He has tennis elbow.
Ridiculously stiff and uncomfortable, spend a little more and get a way better product
They are not very warm. Also the fingers do not fit correctly.
Auto display works occasionally usually when least needed. Overall functions are ok so long has you don't mind having to press the side button to see just how fast your heart is beating, or how far you have gone or relay need a decent stop watch function. Too expensive for the aggravation.
I took one pill yesterday afternoon and started to feel weird before bed. I felt anxious, nauseous , tired and wired. I felt terrible until 5 pm and then completely normal again. It's the large amount of folate in these pills that some people can have a bad reaction to. I have taken another product with a large amount of folate in it and had a bad reaction also, so I definitely know the cause. If it works for you, great, but not for everyone that's for sure!
I use these all the time but had never ordered the 180 count. I was so surprised to see such a big bottle for so few tablets. The tablets only take up one third of the bottle. It seems like such over packaging and a waste of resources. I have nothing against the product, just the packaging.
Came with only one case and a dozen plugs. Nonsense.
These vitamins are covered in sugar. They don't have half the stuff other vitamins have. Not worth the price and less benefits.
Only one small issue. The spray came & it looks like it has been used. It isn't full at all & it doesn't appear to have leaked. Unfortunately no returns which is upsetting because I bought it for a gift & it appears to be used considering the perfume is no where near the top of the bottle.
This stuff was super hard to set up. The ribbon streamer is not put together so you have to knot each piece on and it is not easy! The Pom Poms gave me heck too.
It does not work well for a man's foot
It might be a great prebiotic but I can't believe every serving is in it's own separate packaging. A glass bottle with a dropper would have been equally effective and kinder to the environment.
Can't fill 2 cones before it gets gunked up and becomes hard to push herb through and rips paper cones. Could be made to resist stickyness
Broke within a week with light use. Very disappointed in the quality of the item.
The bottle was broken during shipping, in a box without any packing paper or bubble wrap or other space filler so the bottle was bouncing around the box. The product had leaked, all but about half an inch. Now I'm left without a product and I'm sure it made a mess in the mail truck too :(
Bought this product a couple weeks ago and it's already starting to clump. Beware because it's a waste of money if it starts to clump!!!!
I don't have time to return these so I am stuck with them. I'm afraid to wash them due to previous reviews. They SMELL like mildew. I have put them in a tote with a bag of lavender in hopes they will smell better by tomorrow.
Wasn't pleased with this at all. It doesn't taste like pickle juice, let alone like what you get out of a jar. I'm really disappointed.
My first purchase was good, didn't come cracked or anything. This is my second time purchasing the minis and in one pack 2 out of the 4 were cracked then I noticed that one of them didn't have a filter.
I bought this cushion to fit in a dining room chair that had an oversized seat cushion that hurt my legs. The chair is an odd size and fits fairly well, however, it is not supportive. It flattens down almost flat when I sit on it and poofs out the front. It also flattens at the back.
The product is fine, however did not receive the A Bar nipples which was the main reason I purchased this product.
I actually just returned this Fitbit. I had a Charge 2 and I will be going back to that one. I didn't like how big and bulky it felt on my wrist. It's bigger than I expected.
The 4th time I ordered this product, it had solidified in the jar. It is somewhat hard to dissolve in powder form--it is impossible when solid. Used food processor to break it up and the next day it was solid again. Update: received 2nd jar with product solidified in the jar when opened.
Cheap plastic, reads low by 2-3 points, takes forever to read, batteries doesn't last because it powers on when it's in my nursing bag.
This did not seem to do anything for me.
I didn't expect it to be so soft, kind of defeats the purpose and makes it less comfortable honestly.
Although the vitamins may be in there, I found this product to sweet for my daily use.
Not the easily bendy bristles, so not soft. I use it for my toes, but I don't like how it feels on my feet. Stuff is the word I would use.
The item was shipped with a padded paper bag and when I opened the package the bottle was broken. All broken glass pieces within the tablets. I asked for replacement and I was requested to ship back the broken bottle back. I was wondering if Amazon wanted to sell to another customers.
Basket and egg rack seem to be OK. The description said it included silicone mittS (plural) so I assumed there would be two, but I only received one mitt. I don't know if that was intentional, or if someone removed the second mitt; the box had obviously been opened and retaped, and had a large grease stain on it. I really need two mittS to pick up the hot basket handles, so I guess I'll have to get another one someplace else.
Tastes awful. I have most of the jar still full cuz I can't get myself to eat them. Yes I'd rather take the horse tranquilizer sized prenatals that you have to swallow over this.
The toe separator was not comfortable and I could not find any way to keep the foot pads in place in my shoes, they kept slipping around.
The first night I slept great! I was ecstatic! The second night, however, I went back to my old routine and couldn't sleep at all. I thought it was a fluke and tried it again.. Essentially, it works some times. Other times, I lay awake and can't sleep. Not good enough for something so pricey.
These towels look great but absorbent they are not. I washed them following directions and put them to use right away, the inability to dry dishes was immediate. I thought maybe I would try them again and after the second wash, they are now leaving lint behind. Consider me dissatisfied with this product.
Didn't like that the bars are too pastey. The texture is gummy and not flavorful. Wouldn't buy again still have 10 bars left after a month.
I contacted seller thru Amazon. No reply. No instructions with this torch. Can NOT see thru tank to know if it is full or empty. I've only had this torch about one month and its already quit working. It never really stayed lit for very long. I was using for crafts - and needed it to burn for about 30-40 sec.
didn't like it at all. i'm more of a chocolate person in general but i bought the vanilla for my smoothies. didn't enjoy it in there so i tried it with oat milk and the vanilla is just really overpowering, couldn't even finish my sip. don't recommend. the double chocolate is much much much better.
Not as powerful as my other toys, therefore I don't even use it.
If you don't very carefully pull these out they end up stretched out to 2 feet long. Bought these thinking they're like baby wipes but I'd never buy again.
So, only 20 pads came in the package and for the price I paid I feel as though maybe the number of pads should be more than that. The pads are sort of scratchy and I normally get Always Pads so that was a surprise and unpleasant experience. The pad never stayed in place and I often got blood on my underwear. Overall, I would not recommend this product.
Bought these in late April. I liked them so much that I bought a total of 5. As of August, none of them work. They just stopped working. None of the diffusers must anymore. I tried deep cleaning them in hope that would work, and still nothing. Guess they had a good run considering I bought them in April and used them ever day, but disappointing I spent all that money on 5 of them just to have them all stop working 4 to 5 months later.
Either lactose intolerance is not my problem or this didn't work, don't know which, suspect the former.
Could not get the mouth pieces to form properly despite reading the instructions & watching the video several times. ☹️ Very frustrating.
I really can't give it more than 2 stars. I only took it for one day and it gave me severe stomach pains. I probably should have taken it with lots of food.
I really liked the pill boxes and they have helped to keep me on track with taking medicine.I like the fact that I can take only certain days with me and not take all 7 days, the room in the boxes are sufficient for multiple pills. However, this pill organizer is really good functionality wise, with one exception. The labels for the day have already started to wear away. This will eventually make the set unusable unless I label with a Sharpie. .
The product is described as having 180 1000 mg capsules. In fact there are 180 500mg capsules. It's impossible to know the quality of the product, but it has not made me sick.
like I said these are ok at most. one pill works then another one doesn't work as well. Maybe an off batch?
Second pair of decoratively Classics 76 I've purchased and both have been under powered...kicking myself for missing the return window.
these are NOT comfortable to use, at all. I thought the spikes would be somewhat malleable, but they are incredibly hard. It's painful for both the person using them and the person they are being used on. They might be good for feet, but other than that I feel like these are too hard to be useful for massage anywhere else.
The company has been really hard to get ahold of. No one ever answers their 1-800 number. The pump works fine if you don't mind pumping just one side at a time. The smart pump feature connecting to the app is really not worth it. I manually have to fix what it syncs constantly. Very disappointed!
Worked really well for about two weeks then one night brushing my teeth, I felt pieces in my mouth. Thought it was my gums flaking - it was the bristles from the brush unraveling as it spun around in my mouth! Will purchase the brand name Sonicare replacements from now one.
Made in Mexico and not the same as those sold in the USA.
It is light and comfy. It does not block all the light on my face around my nose. maybe it works for other faces.
I have been testing the accuracy for a week, it's occasionally correct. When it's off its reads low. Not reliable enough for my needs.
Not very strong and using it for 5 minutes makes your hand go numb.
My wife and I have used this with our daughter to dispense baby tylenol. It works OK, but the plunger is really stiff and you have to be really careful with it or you risk shooting a bunch of medicine into your baby's mouth really quickly. I'm somewhat disappointed with this product, as it's something I'd really like to use but don't feel safe using.
Received this brand instead. I don't like being deceived into buying a lesser product.
Ordered as a starter kit for mixing essential oil spray and roller balls. Received with oil starting to leak and missing the mini funnel that was supposed to come with it.
Weak lathering power and tiny spout gets clogged constantly, only way to unclog it is with a small pin. Too much of a hassle, when you're in the shower.
Most of the bars I sampled in the box I received had to be thrown away as they seemed to have been exposed to heat while still in the warehouse. They were either dried out or somewhat melted and lacking in flavor. I felt that I could not trust the safety of the product and I discarded them .
Really don't work. Went back to Advil PM .
My only complaints are the tops are hard to open most of the time. I've broken numerous nails. Also,it's pretty large and bulky looking. Kind of an eye sore to have on a nightstand or on counter.
Too harsh. Stick with metamucil
Unfortunately these were the wrong ones so I can't use them. No fault of the vendor though.
Most of the time when I order these they're delivered intact. This time i ordered 3 of the same item. The 2nd package which i didn't open until a few days ago was damaged. I thought it was just the outside so i didn't report it right away. When i opened it i wasn't sure if i was going to contact Amazon about it for a replacement. When i did try they said its not available for returns. I just ordered them October 6th of this year! All i wanted was the one package replaced, not all 3 packages. Once i got most of the dust & debris off the item i decided to take pics to show in this review.
These say chewable but do not taste good.
Bottle leaks constantly.
I hate this my eyes 👀 no buying that again 👎
I took this product like the direction. Still not see any improvement. I wish was a refund.
Scale did not last a full year, frequently reverted back to Kg vs Lbs and just did not seem accurate. Very disappointed.
I think its good design and unique . but i don't think the function is special ,just as normal as others . and the price is not so reasonable .
I received the product on Dec 12, 2017. Didn't try it until March 26. I know I should have tried it right away, but didn't. The directions were pretty much useless. The biggest problem is the remote doesn't work. Can't figure out how to open the battery compartment to replace battery.
The flush was definitely diminished, but just my cheeks were a weird pinkish flush instead of the normal red which I guess is an improvement. Also, it takes a lot of pills to sustain the effects (3 to start, and then 3 every hour) which can add up pretty quickly considering it's about $1 per pill. Hangover was also slightly reduced, but mine aren't terrible to begin with. I don't think I'm going to buy anymore after this bottle. I guess I set my expectations too high, considering the reviews and the claims.
Very unreliable. Stopped working very fast. The charging port is unstable and inconvenient.
Clean vegan product which earns it 2 stars. However, the taste and odor are completely disgusting! It's a very foul odor almost as if something is rotting. I tried to mask the taste with all different kinds of juices and smoothies with no luck.
Hard as a rock. Was looking for a supplementary cushion for my old office chair. Typically one associates memory foam with comfort but this thing was anything but comfortable. Returned and bought something similar at a local store that doesn't have the consistency of a cinder block.
Taste fine, did not help my nausea at all. Every woman is different, so worth a shot.
Left kinks in my hair when curling. Curls didnt last longer than 5 min
I am using 3 different brands of tests. This brand gives me negatives on the the same urine that the other two brands give me positives. This has happened multiple times now.
Do not buy if you have cats. At regular intervals it makes a surprising hissing sound. Perhaps if it played a tone before dispensing, the cats could become accustomed to it. But as it is, it is just a terrifying thing, indicating “this room is no longer safe.”
This is my 4th try on probiotics and my son does not like the taste. I try to change his probiotics after every bottle but I haven't had much luck and the ones we're on will lose it's effect soon. I'm giving them a two stars for flavor.
This smells good and I like that it's a clean product, but you have to use 5x what they recommend to get your clothes clean. I bought this for baby clothes and unless I did 4 or 5 squirts, the poop and puke didn't come out!
Maybe I just got a defective package but these wouldn't stick. The adhesive wouldn't hold in place in underwear. I'd pull the strip off and press onto underwear and before I could pull them up the pad was peeling up. This was incredibly annoying. I don't know how absorbent they are since they didn't stay in well. I'd put one in try to hold it in place to get underwear up so I could get dressed to go out but since every time you went to the bathroom the pad peeled up so you had to try to press and hold it to get your underwear up again. As soon as possible after returning home the pad went in the garbage. I like the length but are a little bulky for me. I might try again so see if what I got was just not right but not any time soon
The wipes are too hard for the delicate skin around the eyes.
Quality of construction is OK but they are NOT BURLAP. They're some kind of nylon plasticky feeling junk. I need them today, otherwise I would return them and reorder. Not happy at all. I am using them in my business and I'm embarrassed to use these.
Do not help me. Keep only during one hour.
I'm sad to say I hate this thing. First off, the color and design in itself is cute, hence the reason I bought it. BUT, it just isn't good enough to hold medication. The little plastic door is SOO flimsy and opens on it's own, there's no actual latch or click of a closure at all. I thought maybe the little plastic door was broken but it doesn't seem to be broke from the looks of it. The middle button that rotates the compartments gets stuck or it will only partially spin the compartments. I'll have to keep searching for a more solid, well made one that I can trust. I wanted to be able to take this with me since my medication is pretty specific and I would be on the go sometimes when needed to take it. I thought it would be easy to throw into my bag, or my little purse, but like I said the door won't even stay shut and the pills slide out! I guess it could be okay if you planned on keeping it in one safe spot where no one was every going to move it around or touch it, but with kids and stuff like I have, that's not practical for me. I wouldn't even feel comfortable tossing this into a draw or cabinet. I would not recommend.
Feels okay to lay on it, but scary to come off of it. I feel like I am negating any benefits when coming off. This product also cannot be returned! THAT was very dissappointing to find out after purchasing it.
There is not much taste to this drink. If I did a blind taste test, I would not be able to tell it is supposed to be caramel. I bought the product so I could have a low carb option for creamer for coffee and I would rather drink coffee black after trying this protein shake.
The oil leaked everywhere in the box when I received it. Now I have to pack up this leaking bottle to return for replacement?
Broke right for the first time
wish the insoles have more support. But the seller is well communicated with me.
Thought it would work but four days on shower wall and fell off. I attached it again and again cam off after a couple of days. The only solution is permanent grab bars or those one attaches directly to the wall.
Very poor battery packaging. Both battery containers open and batteries jumbled together in mailer.
A tad loose...popped off with steps. Fixed with Coban wrap. Not gliding easily.
Not great, probably won't last long as plastic is not heavy enough.
Have to weigh self 3 times and take an average. On a flat surface, put feet same place, followed the instructions, and I try to keep my body upright. But even the slightest tilt will change the weight by up to 10 lbs, which is a lot imo. I've had old analog ones that give more consistent results. Lightweight and portable though.
The level of compression is great, but they have already ripped in three places and I don't have very large hands. Very disappointing and low quality.
Held wetness..stickers weak..fit is not great
It does not stick you just wipe on
If you mix with vanilla almond milk- you get a vanilla flavor- otherwise flavor is extremely light- Can is 1/2 full when you open it, If you use every day lasts about a week if using according to directions -must use 2 scoops to taste it fully- I DO like it- and the results of missing a meal and added energy- Do not like the cost for the amount of product in can. for me the cost is not worth it.
Yes, it is a nice aid and has the English written booklet, but there are NO included instructions for programming the instrument. I have tried to contact them several times but I might as well talk to the wall!! They do not return questions asked nor provide instructions for there product. I have used hearing aids for over 60 years and do know a lot about them. Things change so fast that information would be nice to be certain procedures were followed.
Smells really fishy and awful, we won't be using this product after all
The powder was all over the ball so instead of my sister pitching I had to pitch it
Product worked well on my children years ago so I bought some for my grandbaby. It must now contain fragrance or some other agent that is NOT FOR BABIES WITH SENSITIVE SKIN!
I like the product, but it was shipped without the cap screwed on completely. When I opened the package, soap was leaking out.
Bought them for a clarity aloft headset. These tips don't stay attached to the earpiece. They are slightly larger than the OEM pieces. Not at all as comfortable.
I won't buy this flavor again, not so good. The choc ones are excellent.
I used my roller once and the small part started to squeak. I put oil like the instructions said to. Then the small part stopped rolling unless I put a ton of pressure. Which I would not put that much pressure around my eyes. I wouldn't but this again. It was such a waste of money.
Not as great as they say. Just as ordinary as any other eyelash curler. I didn't see a big difference
These only lasted 60 days and when they fail they leak a white paste like substance that gets on everything. We do not recommend this product.
The macros on the product are amazing but it doesn't mix well when using a bottle shaker. I use mainly for smoothies
Was just fine until it broke, I brought it last month and used it sparingly until yesterday when one of the pads fell off. The quirky design makes it vulnerable to failure. I won't buy one again. I could glue the pad back on but why risk scratching my lens if it falls off again while using it. I will look for something more traditional.
The product works great with my back; however, after about 6 weeks, the outer fabric has ripped. I have it held together with a safety pin for now. The 30-day return window has passed. I would like to return it for a new one. I can't believe the money-back guarantee period is only 30 days on this product.
I've had my fit bit for 11 months, the finish on the bezel started wearing off right away. Today the band separated from the center part of the watch. I don't have an active job or abuse the watch. Highly disappointed with the poor quality of this product.
I am seriously beginning to think that more than half of the pills in this bottle are placebo bills. Usually when I take this product I can feel my energy level increase. I usually feel a tingling on my skin which I know is a result of one of the ingredients in it (I forget the name) and I know it's working. It's not an over sensationalized feeling and feels great, to me. And I usually have a productive workout. But more than half the time when I take these on an empty stomach, prior to a workout, I feel absolutely nothing! I am completely baffled and very disappointed.
Really really wanted to like this detergent. Made in our hometown, it's natural, scent-free, HE friendly, and concentrated but unfortunately it just doesn't do the job. It's no match for stains of any kind, deodorant scents, and heavily soiled items. For lightly dirty stuff it's fine but anything more, sadly it's a no-go. Sometimes in a cold wash it doesn't dissolve. If I have to purchase extra cleaning products to augment the one that should be doing the job, it's not worth the expense. Very much too bad.
Great socks, but they are too tight for my husband! The information said fits most people. My husband wears a 91/2 shoe and he is a small man. I got the socks on, but it was difficult and they were leaving an indentation on his ankle. They are very nicely made socks and what I wanted, but not large enough.
not happy with shipping, this is marked as prime however it kept being delayed and is now taking over a week to deliver, that is why my low rating. if it's not going to be prime delivery please do not mark is as such.
The taste was decent but didn't really help my dry mouth for more than it took for the lozenge to disolve.
Sleep tracking has never worked. It's a glorified step counter.
just hard as a rock, sending it back to Amazon would result in losing half the cost of the item. So stuck with it !!
Great product. Had mine for two weeks and now some black stuff from the cap is inside my whole bottle......I'm not sure what it is. Sad!!!!
My daughter got this to replace the 1 from the dr. Its so much bigger than the dr one and hurts her ankle terribly
The ring that goes around the shaft broke off the very first time that I used it. Other then that it did its job.
The polish is good, but colors are way off. I have the darkest purple tinted polish on and it's very light and that's also 4 coats of colored polish.
I can't give you an honest review, because I bought them for gifts.
Even on a full charge if I apply any pressure to the surface the brush head barely spins. I've often found myself just scrubbing manually, but the bristles on all of the provided brushes are very soft and not ideal for surfaces exposed to hard water . I would recommend saving the money and just buy a decent hand brush to get the job done.
Pump didn't work. Didn't think this was a returnable item. Usually purchase in store and never had any issues. 🤷🏻‍♀️
This is made from corn
Lining gun came with shorted out coils other than than the shader seems to work fine
Feel like I wasted my money.
I ordered this bc my 9 year old son had a wart on the back of his head. My husband put it on his wart several times and it never went anywhere, smh.
Stopped working after a few months.
Love these much better than ugly soap bottles that don't match. I wish they were rust proof though. Rusted with soap. Ok with lotion
It did not have a very strong vibration. was not able to please my girlfriend.
Got me good n clean but after months of daily use I got CRAZY itchy because it dried my butthole out. Got a bidet instead.
This item shuts off by itself randomly. No matter which button I press, no matter how many times, it won't shut off manually. I have to unplug it. I gave it two stars instead of one because it puts out a good amount of mist and scent during the short time that it is actually working.
The company seems quality oriented and I appreciate that, but this product gave me a couple bothersome side effects like a headache.
Didn't seem to help my back pain.
They don't work for more than 10 minutes.
My other cuticle nippers are much better. I have to do too much pulling with these. They don't seem to be engineered quite well enough.
I love frankincense so I bought three bottles of this. The fragrance is not appealing to me.. I've tried many other frankincense products and prefer the fragrance of them.
I've been using Shave Secret shaving oil for years. This product does not have the same scent or color. It doesn't appear real to me. I'm sending it back.
Too many calories for a vitamin. Not omega 6. Tasted fishy.
Really needed back wheels . Very hard to walk with .
Very high content. Could be harmful to some.
its not working as expected
Worked well for 2 weeks, then it was stretched out at ankle and water seeped in to the point that it was useless. To keep buying a new one every two weeks is impractical and expensive.
Ordered 2, only received 1, was charged for 2 and can't find info to contact seller to correct this.
I have the worst diarrhea with this product, makes me dizzy too. Never heard of these side effects in DIM ? is that common?
Adequate but can't keep clean, the trade off of being inexpensive readers.
Contents came as loose items in a box. Makes the purity questionable. Mouthguards are not made very well. First use caused my teeth to be SUPER sensitive for 2 days. Will probably not use the remaining 9 applications. I would not purchase this product again and am hesitant to recommend.
Nice size, but didn't even come with all the dividers!
My thigh was too big. So sleeve kept rolling down. But gave it to a friend. Dont know if it worked for him either
can't really tell any difference in how I feel. the pills are very large and make me gag
I question of this stuff does anything besides make me burp all the time - which is a big enough nuisance to make me quit taking it.
2 stars because it functions well but has a poor design. The design allows water moisture to build up around the electronics underneath the water tank. The DC Jack rusted out in 2 months and stopped working, so I had to take the unit apart and sand off the rust. I don't know where the leak is coming from but this should be an easily fixable design flaw. I am not overfilling the tank or submerging the unit in water. This diffuser otherwise does what it's supposed to do, except that the hi/low/intermittent mist level button doesn't work. It does hi/hi/off. That's a mistake on the programming chip. Also, when I disassembled the unit, I noticed that the chassis screws were over-torqued and the plastic threads destroyed and then attempts were make to ghetto-fix it at the assembly line. This is the bottom rung of Chinese production so don't expect a lasting product or a well-finished design process. I would not buy again, and it looks like all of the diffusers on Amazon come from similar Chinese production.
bought this product to replace the one I had before that lasted quite a few years before finally just dying on me and I loved it before! which is why I bought this one. However it died after a few uses, barely lasting a month. very dissapointed and did not come with batteries as advertised. I dont know if the quality of the product went down after awhile but I will not be purchasing again.
Do not like. Hard material. Pretty but harsh on eyes. Like case and color
I'd say the iron plus tablets were good but I can't. I only took 1 tablet a day for 2 days before my skin got too itchy to continue the routine. It wasn't full blown hives, just itchy skin. It may have been too much iron for my body to handle in 1 tablet? I'm not really sure. I can handle a Flintstones multivitamin w/ iron though; my skin doesn't itch from that. So again, IDK. Maybe mine is just the odd ball case & for others it'll work great. I am sorry it didn't work out.
It only worked for about 20 minutes, then never worked again. Seller gave me an immediate refund.
Doesn't work. Dissatisfaction and disappointed. Unfortunately, it says item is not returnable, why?? I have no idea.
A little upset to have paid $15 for this product only to receive it and it's not even half full. Hopefully it at least does what I need it to do.
I love the look of these and they work great. however, I've had them for less than a week and they're already breaking. The screw on the right side is coming out and its too bent to go in straight. I'm very disappointed
These look cool but they are not. I bought 4 of them hoping to help keep track of my glasses. That they do. But I discovered that the "plush lining" also deposits some kind of smudge on the lenses that requires cleaning after each use. I tore out the "plush lining" and they are at least usable now.
It worked great until the strap buckle broke. I have had it less than a month and it has already broke. The amount of stress on the buckle couldn't have been more than 5-10lbs so it must have been cracked when I got it or the plastic is cheap. Take your pick.
Somewhat noisy & needs a higher speed.
Much steeper than advertised, could not use and had to modify to use for my 3” landing. Wah wah
Yes, my Uproar headphones fit in this case. But what they do is put pressure on the buttons, and when I get to the gym, they have already been turned on and drained. This has happened twice now. No matter what way I put them in the case this happens. Not happy at all. Will be returning.
These gummies made me and my girls friend sick cause GI issues. Not sure if was a bad batch or what but even though they tasted good. I will not be purchasing again
Ill just write this off in a pros & cons list: Pros: - Light fast, probably fastest lighting flat coal I've used. - No smell or taste, this is a pretty huge pro, and I love it. - Cheap, for the price you get a lot of coals. Cons: - They lose heat super fast, and my lotus bowl doesn't help at all. - They have some weird ash, I know that sounds dumb but bear with me. It's really only a problem if you have a HMD, the ash sticks to everything, and honestly, it makes me question if the coals are purely natural. So I guess overall, shell out a couple more bucks for some more expensive coals, or cube coals, which will also lasts at least 2 or 3 times longer.
The tea is much more bitter than I have experienced with either bags or fresh tea from my local specialty tea store. Probably would not order again. The service, packaging and delivery from this supplier was very good. I will try other teas from them.
Very uncomfortable while sleeping. Really hard and my gums where sore.
It doesn't clean breastmilk residue off very well inside bottles
Looking forward to wearing
The top strap is too short the back strap is too long the spacing between the ear opening is too short directions are so poor they do not give much help is this small,medium, or large I have made it work.
Did not function properly.
The bags are excellent, but the liners hardly absorb any liquid at all. Very disappointed.
I'm returning this item for two reasons. First, I had foot cramps within an hour of putting it on. Second, you need to be able to walk in these when you get up in the night to use the bathroom. They do not allow the foot to bend without pain.
They are probably great but my foot reacted to the gluten.
wears out after a few uses
Design does not take into account reality of collapsing the handles on a wheelchair or transfer chair when transporting. Older bag I have uses plastic snaps to attach each of the two straps on each side of the bag to the chair arms -- you can connect it in the gap where the backrest wraps around the upper frame, or with hand brakes you can secure it so the brake cables keep it from falling off.
i'm 5ft 6inches and weigh 140 and the small was too big. i'm really trying to watch my posture because i'm a server and have issues with my back. it's a great idea, but it just didn't fit
I like the product I have received only one issue and it's just they left out 6 papers n yes I made sure I would just like to know if u can send them even know I know it's not a lot but I would really enjoy it and will certainly give u the 5 stars after delivery
Painful to use...so I didn't try again. I might
These are very pretty but there is such an odd smell to them I could not keep them in the house once opened.
Smells awesome, but the lid doesn't stay up unless you open them all the way. Kind of upsetting.
The smell is unbelievable and I don't mean in a good way! It about knocked me out! Won't be ordering this again!!
These are very thin, I like them a little thicker.
Came very quickly but I am so disaapointed because they came all melted together :(
Poor battery life. The 2 we have used both have out after only a few minutes, was really disappointed
I've only gave them 2 stars because the vitamins don't look all the same,some are darker than the others. I think these are mixed with the originals because the light cream look like the ones I used to take. See the pictures by yourself.
It cuts, but not in half. The blade is misaligned and one part is much larger than the other. Really disappointing that something so simple to manufacture is screwed up.
A nice little gadget, but the divice comes with a protective cover. You can save yourself the expense of buying this cover.
Rough. I wouldn't buy again.
Tablets are big and not easy to swallow, didn't help me with hot flashes, shame
I bought this item on Sep 1st, 2019 for my mother. It is a 200 count vitamin, taking one bill everyday, it should last for 7 months. However, I found that the expiry date is in Feb 2020 which means the vitamins will expire in only 6 months. The product should have a more wide expire period. I am very disappointed.
Just got my order of these bars and I have to say... I'm Disappointed with the flavor.
Bought these to keep in my purse to use for the grandkids. When opening the package and trying to take them out, little area pull apart, and waste about 5 just to get the first one out. I think I will go back to the regular brand I have used. Too much waste here.
This item leaked because the top wasn't loose. It's arrived half full. Smells good but didn't get the full product as purchased.
The contents are dry and chalky. It is well within date and was properly sealed. Not the most pleasant thing to put in your mouth, but it did soften when in place but the taste is terrible. I did provide a little pain relief, but not enough for me to overcome the other issues. I won't be using it again.
I purchased this supplement hoping it would help lower my blood pressure. Saw no difference. The cherry flavored tablets taste good. Much better tasting than my HBO medication!
When I tried to remove and replace the brush head . It broke.
Cheaply made, do not recommend.
the pic. shows it a lot thicker then actuality, much thinner when you receive it.
Seemed super watery compared to when I used it years ago. Didn't work nearly as well as I remember it did.
not sure if this batch was bad but doesnt taste the same as the other's i've ordered.
Was not same as in the photo not as heavy duty I was hoping for have had many before this is different design good job just needs fine tuning would have preferred to get the one advertised in the photo
The ones I got were extremely hard. To hard to chew..
Did not notice any effect/change
Flavor is terrible! Usually i can drink anything. Spend your money on something different. It's hard to keep down. 🤮 watermelon
Love the tray, but it came all dented and beat up 😏
This shampoo didn't help my sore, dry scalp at all! I felt it over cleansed my scalp! It is a very concentrated product and better suited to oily hair. If you are looking for a shampoo to help a dry, irritated scalp condition, pass on this one! A waste of money for me!
Did not work well in a office chair. It caused me to slide forward in the seat. Turned it over and the rubber dots kept me from sliding.
I can't use these. Unfortunately they are painful getting in. Ouch! Too big. One size does not fit all. Oh well, the material of it is nice. Smooth.
This noise machine was wonderful, helped my baby sleep sounder and drowned out her noisy brother. Too bad it only lasted 1 month before it stopped holding a change.
After taking these my b12 was so high and I had only been taking them for almost a week.... I drank 5 cups of water and peed before bloodwork was done at doctors office. Normal range for b12 is below 890 mins was over 1000.
very flimsy as it bends too much, needs to be sturdy.
I'm an Executive Chef at a very busy hospital so you imagine the amount of hours I am on my feet. In my quest for some relief I have tried many different products with varying degrees of success. I gave these a try on a whim of reading a few reviews. Big mistake! The adhesive that is supposed to hold them in place is complete rubbish. They came loose after a day or two. I didn't want to deal with the returns hassle so I cobbled them together a few times with masking tape, double sided tape and adhesive food labels at work just to keep them going until I got sick of them one day I pulled them out and tossed them in the trash. Get something that fits your shoes and actually works the way it is intended to. This one way missed the mark for me.
The exterior of the pad is plush and comfortable, however its heating capability is unsatisfactory. The heating element never did get very warm and has lessened over the 3 months since receiving it. I emailed the company and never received a response.
Can't really tell if it's working. Hope to talk to doctor about this drug.
I have been using NOW brand for years and this was to be stronger supplement and it had no positive effects as I have had with past brands. I would not recommend or will be purchasing again.
This toilet paper is so thin. I wish I didn't have 36 rolls of it. I always buy Charmin but I save a few bucks and got this. I thought that Angel Soft was supposed to be high quality but this is not.
Not completely satisfy. It's very difficult to take one out and is even more difficult to open it. Then it is imposible to close it once open. So if you want to use a couple of drops for your baby nose you can't keep the rest. I have had other brands that you can sort of put the little cap on again. So in general not satisfy with the design on the little bottle.
Of the two batteries I received, only one was useful. The other was dead. Fortunately I only needed one, but I hope it lasts like it should. Would I purchase these again? NO!
I purchased 2 of these. While they did provide support and my tendonitis seemed to improve, the cheap plastic weld on the velcro strap for the thumb broke on both. One broke in 2 weeks, but I thought it's OK since they are cheap and my doc estimated 6 weeks of immobility would help, so i thought buying 2 or 3 would be OK. Well, the 2nd one broke in less than 24 hours. O jeez. No, I wouldn't recommend this to a friend or an enemy.
The quality has changed. The liquid is a different color and it smells worse.
I have arrived sealed, but broken, didn't get a chance to use it
It stopped working after about a month of use. Very disappointed as it came highly recommended.
Product arrived damaged. It was shipped in an amazon bag with no additional cushion/bubble wrap. Some spilled in the bag and the bottle was covered in oil. Only option on my Amazon App is to return and I'm not going through the hassle of that. Especially now, during the busy holiday season.
Didn't work nearly as well as Sundown Naturals Saw Palmetto 450 mg, 250 Capsules. Amazon changed the subscribe and save. Not really sure it's working at all!
I never received this Item
The capsules are very light colored which makes me question the strength of them. I am used to taking the black seed oil in liquid form of another company. This is the first time I tried capsules. The reviews were good on this product so I decided to give them a try. When I was taking the black seed oil I noticed a difference right away. Since these are capsules they might take longer to work. I will give it a couple weeks to see if I notice a difference.
The online picture to me looks like the area against my back is slightly flattened; it is not, it is fully rounded. Also it is very firm foam, not soft. It was too hard for the sensitive nerves in my back so am sending it back. Do like the compact size tho-could fit in a large purse to carry around.
Good product but 6 dollars higher than elsewhere for 250 tablets Nature Made
Too many burns, due to it is wood
I tried this the other day because someone recommended it to me. I drank a few sips thinking I could acquire a taste for it but I just can't it does not taste good at all. I even tried putting sugar in it and it didn't help.
These would be a 5 star i they did not crumble so easily.
Lacking some ingredients and potency not the best.
Too short to accurately measure knee movement. Arms move too easily so it is hard to get a measurement without three hands.
I'VE TRIED THIS PRODUCT SEVERAL TIMES AND IT JUST DOESN'T WORK FOR ME.
The eye drops were delivered in April and had an expiration date of FEB 2018. Not sure how an expired product made it to the consumer. Inadequate inventory system, and quality control. Love the eye drops, work really well, but would not recommend this supplier. Will order locally going forward to ensure safe product.
Developed a rash after trying this product.
It didn't seem to do much at all except cause my husband discomfort. It didn't come with instructions so it took a few minutes to figure out which way it went on. He may have snored slightly quieter but not much at all. It definitely wasn't worth it.
I know I need this product as I am on Keto and I do muscle testing and I get a positive reaction like every other day, but I can barely gag it down, makes me want to hurl!!
decent design, functions... I guess, quality leaves a lot to be desired. Too Costly
The place where you put the juice leaks
Don't know what it's suppose to do. But am still the same
I liked this heating pad so well I ordered two more -- one for my sister and one for my boss. Surprisingly, my pad stopped working last weekend (July 6, 2019), 10 months after purchase (Sept. 8, 2018). It was too expensive for such a short life.
A bit overrated. Didn't do much to help my trimmers.
My product was opened and had been 1/2 used
I had something similar to these so when I saw three pairs, I thought good idea. However, they are so loose on me (size 6.5 Womens) and wearing them under socks to keep them in place led to awkward blisters. They seem to fit my boyfriend (9.5 Mens) better but he said they felt awkward with the holes in them.
I wish disnt buy it. Waste of money for the price
This cleanse is not all that great. I have tried better ones that work a lot faster. You have to double up the dose to get it to kick in. For the money there are better ones on the market. I will not purchase again.
Quality is not good at all and it bends easily then breaks .... not worth buying
Off by 10% every time. At least it is free returns.
Holes to small for tubes.
Terrible product, maybe defective, but it always showed wrong temperature. Had to send it back.
While the vitamin seems great, my kids absolutely wont eat it. It has a strong smell, and doesn't look very appetizing. They like most gummy vitamins.
Didn't notice much of a difference in appetite.
Smallest shaving brush that I ever used. Will likely just throw it away.
This is the second one I purchased since the first one wasn't accurate. I used both within minutes of each other last night and seems they are showing a similar reading. I had the first one tested against the one in my PCP's office, so figure theirs was more accurate. Hence, leaving mine not so much. So when I tested both of mine together neither are accurate. So the word 'accurate' should probably be removed from your description of the monitor.
I have used other flavors of this product but the chocolate totally missed the mark. It was only slightly chocolate flavored. I could not drink it nor could I return the product. Very disappointed. I've gone back to my favorite flavor which is banana.
Cannot be used with soda and fountain drinks from fast food, which was the primary reason I bought them..the soda fizzes up through the top of straw constantly making a mess...tried using on a 20oz bottle of Coke, same thing...
The Tuesday tab came broke in the package.
These diapers do not absorb and leak quite a bit. Bad even for store brand. Spend a little more and save yourself laundry.
Shame on me for not checking out the label well enough before making the purchase..... 9 grams of carbs per serving!! To me that way too many and a second cup of coffee with that added would put me over my daily limit...... Not very Keto friendly if you ask me!!
doesnt work as well as the one did in physical therapy.
They advertise these as being better than the competitor. After using poo-pourri for awhile, I thought “wow, they must be really good!” I'm really disappointed with the product. I bought the vanilla and the fruity booty and they both just make the bathroom smell like poop mixed with these scents. Not good.
I bought to use on me, not baby. I have sensitive skin, so I need to be careful. Did not have that "fresh feeling" after using.
I am very disappointed with this product and would not recommend them. Both the the test and control lines were so faint that it was difficult to tell when the LH surge occurred. I ended up buying other strips from a different manufacturer. Will never buy again.
Benn ordering for some time last shipment had a 100ml bag and a 200 ml bag that was defective and leaked
These adhesive protectors are far too sticky to be functional it can only be removed when the sensor needs to be changed and can not to be changed as a matter of course. It tears the sensor off with the pad every time NOT easy to remove at all.
I bought this item due to a sprained pinky finger, unfortunately i have small fingers and this would slip right off. All you receive is the same size. I had to stuff 1 into the other and it was a little tighter fit but still would slip off at times.
It worked great the first 2 times I used it, then the shit fell apart
Pretty cheaply made. More like a brick to sit on than a comfortable deluxe seat cushion...not using it
Does not taste good.
I gave these a try after reading the reviews hoping that at least the lid would fit properly.. I was sorely disappointed to see that the lids dont seal at all.
I bought four of them so my monster-in-law would have a month worth of medicine. Two easily broke: one broke at the flap that goes into the middle seam and the other, one day wouldn't close. I am returning, hoping they replace the boxes because it is difficult to find large 3 times a day pill boxes!
ultimately i had to return this device, as it didn't work for me. my wrists felt fine at the start, but hurt for a day after a five minute test run. that's the opposite of what you want when it comes to massage. :) that said, it's a good device, it's built well & i consider it worth the money, but it mostly just flattens you with air pressure - there's no massaging or rolling action on any of the settings. so if sitting on your hands feels great to you, definitely give it a try! the warranty is very friendly for try-outs... but if you're looking for a /hand massage/, this isn't it.
Bought this thermometer to track my cycle, but it's not backlit and doesn't have the recall feature. So it's not very convenient for a dark room. I have to take my temp, then turn my phones brightness waay up, check the temp, and record it in my app. It does seem accurate to me, but I'll be purchasing one that syncs via bluetooth to my phone.
I really wanted to like these. Just based on the brand I thought they would be good. They seem thicker than a regular diaper so I thought for sure they would hold up. They did not. 5 out of 7 days my little one would wake up soaked from laying in her pee all night. These would be good if your baby doesn't sleep through the night so your changing them mid-way. But for 7+ hrs, forget it. Will not buy these again.
Doesn't really provide the lower spine relief I was seeking. It is a bit on the firm side but fails in the spine test. Have given it to someone else.
I have histamine intolerance and my doctor suggested I try this. I used the entire bottle trying to give it a chance. I felt no difference at all. I feel better using quercetin that is about 1/3 the price.
Ordered this item and it was never delivered or received.
Will not stay attached to shoes. Lose them each time I wear them.
Doesn't stick very well.
The battery loses charge really quickly. It doesn't hold a charge well and as the battery gets lower the motor gets noticeably weaker. Not super high quality but okay for the price. It doesn't last long though and I wouldn't buy another.
I was about to re-purchase this battery when I realized that it should have lasted much longer. It goes in a car key fob and should last a long time. When I purchased the product it came in a little ziplock instead of a proper package. After it died I realized that people are buying these in bulk and selling them on amazon even though they might be very old. Do yourself a favor, go to an auto parts store and pick up the real thing. Price is about the same and you get a legitimate Energizer battery in the proper packaging.
What I got was not what is in the picture.
Great product. Slow delivery. Could have bought cheaper locally but bought on line cause lazy.
Im very satisfied with Amazon's customer service but the product not so much. The fan has one speed, so if its on low or high output the fan is louder then every other humidifier Ive owned. Full tank of water lasts about 9 hours on 75% setting. Try another brand, fyi....the seller I bought from was “prime” but will not take returns :( smh
DOESN'T WORK VERY WELL
My husband snores at night, so we tried these to see if they could work for him. They didn't... waste of money. Quality of materials is not cheap, but they were not strong enough, and kept falling out.
It takes such small pieces you would need a ton of them. didn't come with the stick that you have to have for it to work
Not easy to open. I have arthritis in both thumbs and can't open it.
Did not receive the right product. Not worth returning.
They get the job done but the waist unusually and uncomfortably snug. You get what you pay for.
Didnt clean all the grime off the house, great on car and windows though!
My kid would not eat it. He tried it and ended up spitting it out. It was pretty gross.
Wouldn't stay attached to the shoe.
After positioning and repositioning several times in multiple pairs of shoes, I have determined that the problem is with the product and not user error. They are just too big and/or firm. Maybe with larger feet they would give proper support, but my size 7 feet wound up with bruises and increased pain. Holy wow do they stick well though! Even through several sweaty workouts, they stuck to my gym shoe insoles and were able to be repositioned and stick some more. I am very impressed with the quality. I just wish they worked for me.
My last two orders where great but this set of batteries are not good! First they have no battery life. I have less than two days on them and dead. Did you change the manufacturer? Not happy.
Good quality but the one sent to me were small which I even noted to deliver me an adult size for my father's dentures.
Wobbles and is unsteady when sat on. Not a smart purchase if needed for stability for both walking and sitting.
So I got this before seeing my podiatrist, and I must say, I've only used it like 3 times. I wore it while sitting on the couch, and my toes started going numb... wore it to bed, and it's just super bulky. I have cats, and I don't want to karate kick my cats off the bed with this. Another down side is the fact that you cannot walk with this on (which I understand is part of the contraption), but let's just say you get a gnarly charlie horse in the middle of the night... you are screwed! I haven't, but I couldn't imagine having to wrestle this thing off (3 buckles), and slip your foot out without feeling like you're about to meet Peter at the Pearly Gates. Just, go see a podiatrist... believe me. 2 weeks with mine, and my feet are 80% better!
Made my eyes feel a strange pressure and had light sensitivity for hours. It kind of scared me. I'm sure this works for some people, but for me It wasn't a good purchase.
I bought this for my small children thinking it would be better than a capsule. I was wrong. The flavor is ok for the first 2 seconds and then it is horrible. My kids are used to liquid supplements and they did not like these at all. Normally, My husband would use them but since it contains egg it is not ok for vegans.
Hated the smell. Was hoping for something along the lines of the Burt's Bees salve scent but I did not like this
Compared the soft cleanser to the powdered Bar Keeper's Friend. The winner: POWDER The soft cleanser is too dilute. It didn't work to scrub the brown stuck-on stuff from my stainless steel pan. I used the powdered bar keeper's friend and it was magical. For both cleaners I used a libman copper scrubber, which is an amazing kitchen product.
I've had this since December but will not use it anymore. It's just way too sweet even if Use less than half the measured spoon. Also makes my throat feel way too dry during my workout and that's not a great feeling at all. I just started to believe we don't really need this to have a great session at the gym at all and actually water gives me better results than bringing this juice to my gym
Did not really feel anything
Doesn't have a solid back. The sole is huge. Not very stable. Ok for walking around the house, but that is about it.
not comfortable at all
Got these for my wife to assist with hot flashes. She did not like them at all. They did nothing to lessen the flashes for her. I don't how you will react but I chalked this up as a loss.
This product worked great at first - so easy to use! My husband and I went on the Keto diet for about 2 months; during that time it was perfect. We went off and recently started back up again. I'm 3 days in and was curious to see if my body was getting near ketosis; all strips turned grey at the bottom and do not work anymore. Working on figuring out how to have these replaced. Box says they don't expire til 2021.
Much cheaper quality than the one I got from my foot doctor. It'll do the trick for a couple weeks but that's it.
Ways a little cakey when I put it on and it accentuated wrinkles on my eyelid-not good for me!
Doesn't work as expected. I have 2 bottles that I have to use. I spray the clothes then toss them in dryer. Works well for ironing.
Work well til they start cracking and have long fissures in the thing. Definitely not bone. Have to be careful so that the cracks don't cut. When they get too cracked have to throw away as I don't want to cut my clients . They did work great for the first few weeks though. So I just use other sides or the other ones in the set that aren't cracked yet, definitely will have to invest in metal ones soon.
Texture is terrible. Mushy and crusty and VERY SWEET. yuck.
No clit stim, so I was disappointed.
Nice looking unit, but bounces around too much to be useful. I have to come to a complete stop before I can read it and when I'm driving a trail stopping is not a good option at times.
Come with some bad smell inside the bottle. Scare to even take it.
Does not form as needed.
I like the taste and how it works. I dislike the size. It's too small. I used to be able to get the larger size through subscribe and save, but they discontinued it. Very disappointing. This is the only toothpaste my family uses. I'm tempted to cancel this subscription and purchase the larger size from a brick and mortar store.
Serving size is 3 tablets, which is annoying. But what's worse is that they are dry and crumbling apart in the bottle.
Aroma is weak. The box is pretty, but too small for the product, so the dispenser at the top is crushed. It was broken upon receipt. Would not buy this brand again.
Taste was no good. Could not finish it
Out of 10 speeds I only like two. It's very loud. I would not recommend it.
Price is good. I was expecting a October 16 delivery, now it shows October 22. Hmmm
Dogs seem to like the taste but something in them really upsets their bellies. I'll be sticking with the doctor recommended glucosamine supplements from now on
Smaller than I expected them to be not worth the money but overall good quality and pretty
This is pretty horrible. Not a good tool. Cheap and flimsy
The scrubbers are okay, but the seller keeps hounding me for a review. So here it is. Now stop emailing me.
The first two days of wearing these compression stockings were great - exactly what I needed after vein treatment. After two days, they would not stay up. For the price, one would think the product would be satisfactory. Very disappointing.
Some are pretty good. Some, the nozzle falls off before you use it. Pump seems to works well. Inconsistent length of the suction straw, some dont reach the bottom. If you need cheap, you win with this product. If you need quality...keep shopping.
3/6 came with the head broken off... I guess they'll be refills now...
Does the job but I found it very small to the point where 2/3 in the pack were pulling on my ears and making Then hurt. Also they didn't have a wee for the nose piece like one question said they did so my glasses forged up. If you have a small face and don't wear contacts than these will be fine.
Great for the calories but there are better tasting snacks out there.
Don't buy dident stay on for a minute
The picture of the box and bars is very deceiving. The bars are snack size not full size. 180 calories for these small bars. The price is expensive for what you get.
I use these hair ties all the time and love them. This is not what is pictured as what you're purchasing and they're the small ones. Don't buy if you have thicker/lots of hair. They'll just break.
Handle broke sending it crashing to the floor and spilling a gallon of water all over.... sad!
This thing is awesome! I use it in a basement next to a rack full of shoes and it's fresh and clean smelling in there now. There is an electronic smell if you turn it up high, but I'd rather that than musty or feet smell. It's not bothersome, but not sure I would like it for a main living space. ****edit- lasted exactly 2 months and it stopped working. Return window is closed so I'm out $35. Bummer
The product relieves some stress when in place, but it constantly moves around in the shoes which makes it not so beneficial for me. If only it had an adhesive that will keep it in place.
The product didn't stay on well and stopped twisting up after about a month of use. I used it maybe 7 times during that month so I couldn't have used it all. For the price I would expect it to work for longer than a month considering your can get one for $1.99 at the drugstore that lasts for a year...
I've had an Aquis turbie for years, and I looked forward to a new one in a beautiful color. Imagine my surprise when I received a hand towel of Aquis fabric. The fabric does absorb well, but it's tricky to drape the flaps so they don't fall in your face.
Bottle is nice design but it leaks everytime i spray it leaks into my hand...
First of all, I find all of the 5 star reviews suspicious especially considering they were all written either the same day or days apart. There is another review for this product on Amazon that has a total rating of 2 stars for the same item. In any case, I've used this product for about a week now and have formulated some pros and cons. I did not buy this product to help prevent snoring. I bought it because I sleep with my mouth open. I can't wear my mouth guard at night anymore because I just got adult braces. The mouth guard prevented me from opening my mouth while I slept. With my TMJ issues, I need to have my jaw shut while I sleep to prevent further strain on my jaw muscles. - This product is well made. Material is fairly sturdy and looks like it will last awhile. - It smells like chemicals. It's not horrible and doesn't prevent me from sleeping. However, I can see that some people would be bothered by it and may be very sensitive to the smell. It does dissipate with time but after a week I can still smell it. It may always linger even as time passes. - The holes designed to position your ears in is very uncomfortable. I can't use it. As a result, the chin strap doesn't always stay securely on during the night. - The material is very heavy and there is a lot of it. It's so heavy in fact, and has so much cloth, that I get super hot and sweat quite a bit during the night while wearing it. It wakes me up at night and my sleep is restless. This product is not for me. I found another chin strap on Amazon that is lighter weight, has less cloth and the material is breathable. It was also a few bucks cheaper.
I did not achieve results similar to other reviews. No noticeable improvement.
Did not like the feel
These give my daughter a weird rash every time she wears them. Other then that we like them. Holds up real good and never has leaked through or tore off
There aren't that many larger compost bags available on the market, so I may have to stick with this product once i've gone through all 900 bags, but I'm disappointed. The bags start to break down and while it's not like the food scraps end up tearing a hole through, 100% of the time I pull the bag out of my compost bin and I have to wash the whole thing out because it's just a wet mess. The compost bag is also wet, so I have to immediately carry it outside to my street compost bin because if I set it down I'm spreading icky wet compost germs around my kitchen. It's just not ideal.
It came as described. I didn't see any difference after weeks of use. My doctor suggested I try colloidal silver for topical use on a skin infection close to my eye. Colloidal silver is supposed to be antibacterial and antifungal and safe for topical use but after weeks of use I had to switch to a product that wasn't recommended for use around eyes.
I found these to being a great deal harder to chew. There are other that are softer to chew.
I feel like it vibrated my hand more than my head
I thought I would use it but I keep forgetting about it. Literally need to be holding my keys around all the time to use it. The rubber black part came off and it's useless on some doors.
Haven't felt any relief in my forearm and elbow pain yet!! Have been using it for about a month now I'll give it some more time and update!!
not very sharp and pulls the hair.
I was really hoping this would work as well as the cheap lidocaine cream from the drugstore because I hate putting those chemicals on my body but alas, this just doesn't dial down the pain as well. It has a strong pineapple smell that isn't bad..but it's strong.
I think I am used to 'ceremonial' matcha over culinary, or perhaps I got a bad batch but this made me very ill. I physically got sick immediately after drinking it. I had many brands of matcha and only one other time did this happen. I've already opened it so I think Im stuck with it but I would err on the side of caution. I'm sure its fine for cookies or such, but I won't be drinking this again. Sad too because it was a good deal.
When I opened the package of 3 the plastic caps were broken, should I return them, please advise. Thanks al stock.
I liked this product because it help rid those extra carbs even if your watching what you eat.
I haven't really used it. Its huge. To take it with me would be a chore getting it into and out of car is too much for me I would have sent it back but my son opened it and the box was torn up Also the PT and OT didn't recommend using it.
Worked great the 2 times that it worked.It quit working after the 2nd time. The idea is great, it kept me from carrying my larger nebulizer back & forth to work. Trying to decide whether or not to reorder.
Super cute and comfortable...but was bleeding black dye onto my pillow case, so I had to throw it out.
This is extremely too small.
Too thick and hot. Not the greatest back support
Was hoping to find a replacement of another product which is more expensive. Didn't work for me.
This product isn't as great as they try to make you believe . Other cheaper blue rubs work better than this...honest !
I wanted an extract. This isn't one.
All I know is that my son used the infant powder for the longest time and he was fine with it. Once he became old enough to switch to the chewable he started having diarrhea and inconsistent loose bowel movements. They should take the sugar alcohol out of the product because it is inconsistent with the infant version.
Joints are very loose even when tightened as far as possible. Makes for instability. Disappointed
Purchased this to use on a painful, swollen knee. Used it in conjunction with NSAID & a knee brace. The hemp oil did nothing to help the pain. I'm giving 2 stars because it was very hydrating.
Does not go very loud and the cord is very short
These masks are comfortable to wear but I feel like the nose part should be a bit bigger because my small/average sized nose lifts the mask up just enough to let some light in the bottom. Not a whole lot so this would be fine to block out small amounts of light at night but probably distracting if you're trying to sleep in the day or with lights on. I was kind of sad that I only got 3 pairs of ear plugs, but those are cheap so I'll just buy some more. I also wish the earplugs matched the masks, but that's just a small personal preference. **Edit** I just bumped these down one more star because I've been wearing them at night and it has started to cause pain on a spot above my left brow from slight pressure. Also, they cause me to wake up a lot because they slip off my head throughout the night.
Very cheaply made. Can't pack too much in them. One was torn when I got it and two more ripped when I filled them with packages. Cute idea though just not strong enough for such a large bag
These were barely strong enough to hold my grass clippings. Definitely not strong.
I have been ordering these for awhile and they were great bags. Even though none of the pictures show it, they now have a logo on the front and back which were blank.
I know that the product itself normally is great, HOWEVER, perhaps some thought should go into shipping these items during Summer weather? Opened it up and it is just one big melted globby mess.
Save your money. The information given is pretty much useless. I do not recommend
i'm sure the nutrient value was awesome but the taste was unbearable
Does it's job, but it falls apart. You have to glue every part before using. Very poor design
Didn't work as well as others products offered on Amazon!
The vitamins are good but the brush that came with it was missing bristles... kinda makes me feel it was used already. Can supply pictures if anyone desires
I got this to replace a brace that I got from an orthopedic surgeon that is fraying from use. I had high hopes from the reviews. My problem with this one is the one size fits all doesn't work for me. I just can't seem to get it snug enough without a lot of effort. This morning when I woke up it had slid toward my fingers. I wish I had chosen a different brace. It's not like I can just turn around and buy a different one on my budget. I would not recommend this to anyone with a size small wrist,
Too small for older women taking a lot is vitamins and prescriptions
I just inboxed it and the connector is flattened. :( Going to get a replacement
does not desolve well in water and leave chunks of powder
they didn't stick good came off
At first I was upset because I thought I only got 2 colors (and a mystery color) because the labels make it seem that way. So I had to open each bottle to make sure I wasn't correct. Whoever is the label-er for this company is terrible.
These don't have much of a charge. Name-brand batteries much better. Guess you get what you pay for; so don't skimp on batteries.
Good taste, good energy at first, last a couple hours . But the crash you get isn't worth it. I have only used 3 out of 24 the rest went down the drain. This is only my experience.
It tasted terrible!!! Could not drink it!!!!! It was delivered on time and was what it said it was, but it tasted awful!!!!!
Works well but a pain to put together. If you can get to the shower, just get a hose attachment instead.
Didn't notice anything different
Some of the balloons were very hard to fill up because the opening was so small. And some of them once filled did not float because they were so heavy. I really like the smiley face w/grad cap but he floated sideways because he is top heavy. Overall not so impressed.
I hate to review anything especially when I have received it a few hours back. Two stars because the packaging is either very poor or I have received an open package. That too one day later than what was promised.
This was damaged when we got it in the mail. The inulin was all over. We got it in a plastic bag package. It should be sent in a box so this doesn't happen 😩
Product showed up and both Cans were open and spilling out powder --NO way I can use please help thank you
Main wrap is not elastic enough for comfort. It does not expand or the sewn down parts prevent expansion allowing for comfortable breathing.
Since these were labeled "freezer" bags, it would give the impression that these are heavy duty, but considering that 20% of the ones I've used so far have ripped/torn, I would not recommend them.
I have gastrointestinal disorders that are improved with use of daily probiotics. I have tried over a dozen different brands in a process of evaluating which improve symptoms more than others. My experience with this probiotic was among the worst in the recent batch, taking the capsules on an empty stomach produced discomfort, and no improvement of symptoms was noted with use of this probiotic. I would recommend using an alternative brand for those looking to trial probiotics.
The sunscreen worked but my daughter was still covered in sea lice stings
Soft, very flexible, and lifelike. Looks simply amazing. A little thicker than my current Luv-Spot dildo. I was very eager to try it out after pulling it out of the box. Glad I inspected it under a lamp before using it though, as I discovered a dark coarse hair was molded into the shaft! Disgusting! Have some quality control at the factory. Very saddened to have to throw this out just a day after it arrived. I appreciate that Amazon support offered a refund. Please remember to check your toys before using them. Would I purchase this again? Maybe. Would be nice to get a usable one in the future.
I really like Solimo's gummy vitamin C so I thought I'd give their vitamin D3 a try. I have a serious sweet tooth but these are much too sweet for my taste. I also didn't realize that I would need to take 4 of them to get my daily dosage, and they are just way too sweet for that. I'll be taking them to work to see if anybody else wants to give them a try. If you like really sweet gummies and don't need a lot of D3, then this is your guy. Otherwise, look elsewhere.
As someone doing transcription work about 20-30 hours per week, I was very pleased with this headset. The sound quality is good. They are comfortable to wear. And, of course, the price was good. HOWEVER, having owned these for less than a year, I am disappointed in their durability. I had a set wear out within a few months. A loose connection developed where the wires connect to the plastic base part. I contacted the vendor since it was covered under warranty, and I got a replacement pair. Great! Now the replacement pair are starting in with the same issue - a loose connection in the same spot. This is obviously a manufacturing issue, so even though these are still within the warranty period, I will not be asking for a replacement set. I will be looking for another set that are much more durable.
Tastes like straight up sugar water. Nasty.
Works for what it is, shipping sucked.
I ordered the 16g protein 11g fiber peanut butter cookies and got two boxes of the older recipe which was 15g protein and 8g fiber. Disappointed. Within expiration and still a good cookie but deducted the stars because of it. I have to adjust my macro consumption to compensate. Hopefully next subscribe and save is the newer version.
The only reason I gave it a 2 star..is I didn't look at the picture close enough.. these were the wrong Lead Wires for my machine. I had to send them back.. but everything was good. They arrived on time.. and the return was processed very quickly.
This will pick up dog hair just fine. Small dustbin so needs to be emptied often. Do not waste your money if you have any kind of carpet, this thing is made for hardwood and tile. If you have rugs you will be giving this thing a push every two minutes to keep it going.
I guess it works kind of. Seems more just a waste of money like an as seen on TV type of product.
These lose their suction if there are an tiles with grouting. I assume they will only work well on completely flat surfaces. I bought these to make me feel more safe in the shower but seeing how the lose suction I actually feel less safe using them.
The largest ring (the one with the three rungs) broke after the third use. Which was a bummer because it was the best one of its type that I've tried so far. I haven't used the other rings and probably never will. I bought it for the big one.
These feel squishy between your fingers, but once you are walking in them they feel rock hard. Ended up hurting my feet more than if I went without
The first time I ordered through this seller I received all 3 packs as listed on the description, but the second time I ordered I only received 1 pack. I am unhappy with the inconsistency of this seller and feel as I have been ripped off because I paid the same amount both times. For this reason I will not be buying this item from here again.
I bought this as a gift but the engraving looks bad because of the spacing and the scissor spring falls off and prevents it from closing properly.
It comes with smell. After I wash it, it appears a lot of white ball in the mask. I don't like them.
I am not a fan of the flavor or texture at all. I will not buy this one again and will go back to the other collagen powder I used before.
when I assembled all the framework for the shade and tried to install the fabric onto the frame it would not fit, I tried stretching it,as a result the back corner tore the sewn seam, after measuring I found the top frame was 1/2" longer than the cover,cut 1/2" off the round tubes, checked measurements on the back of frame 3/8" wider than the cover,ground square tubes ends flush with tubes,beveled corners on the plastic plugs resewed torn seam and it fit, I would suggest a trial fit before shipping if my wife had not needed the next day I would have returned the item
Didn't curb my appetite at all.
Overated....Difficult to program. Was also very painful. Sent back next day...
Why I'm disappointed? the condoms you can't figure out what is what based on the colors. I haven't found any ribbed ones yet! I also haven't found some others. Everything so far I used was normal. It is a random pack not a pleasure pack so I will not order again.
it does not clean glass like a regular window cleaner
Was so hopeful but one ingredient is magnesium. If you have a sensitive belly as I do then avoid this product. You will spend a lot of time in the bathroom if you know what I mean.
The dropper keeps breaking. This is our third bottle where the dropper broke after few uses.
first the rope that the necklace is super long - way to long for a kid, hung past my daughters belly button. Second the necklace does not stay securely on kids neck, which is for safety, I get it, but the flimsy closure always pops open. The 1st time my daughter wore her necklace, she lost it, the plastic clasp would constantly pop open and when it did she did not notice. She tried to backtrack her steps to find it but it was gone, leaving her in tears. Sensory bust for this momma, she did not even have this necklace for a day before it was lost. I will not be purchasing another, to much money for something that doesn't even make it a day before the strings closure pops loose and its gone.
Beautiful piece but very heavy. Couldn't use it in my hair without a professional updo
I just want to put a warning out there regarding these supplements. I looked at these, intending to order a 600 mg. because that is what it says on the package. However, in small print it says "per serving". On the back it says that a serving of 600 mg. is actually TWO pills, making them only 300 mg. per pill. So if you are planning to take 600 mg. a day, this makes your 60 count bottle only good for 1 month. For nearly $50 a bottle, that is a really bad misrepresentation, not to mention a bad value. I could have bought highly rated 300 mg. from one of many other companies. I won't be fooled again.
Never thought I'd review a sponge. 2 stars because it's a sponge, but it doesn't retain soap at all and Ive had a lot of dirty dishes come through
this product does not rest as shown when frozen--- very disappointed
I bought these for my almost 2 year old son because I wanted something easy for him to chew and these could be cut in half easily. My son and I both tasted them and they are so gross! They have an overwhelming honey taste to them. Needless to say he refuses to eat them and I won't either. They went in the trash. (Flintstone toddler gummy and OLLY Kids Multi taste much better and he'll eat those.) I was bummed because I really like their elderberry immune gummies.
Some of the days are damaged, anywhere from the lettering coming off to a couple cracked days. Very disappointing because it would function great if it arrived in new condition.
The screen protector covers the entire screen but doesn't allow you to use the finger print. Kinda pointless if you want to use the finger print option
, ... did not change a thing. (for g'pa Michael) what really hoping some change - nothing. used the entire bottle. nothing. :(
Leaks brushes stain easily
We adjusted it to the tallest it could be and it is still a long way down( I'm 5'6", not that tall). My OT did not like the height and said that the built in seat in my shower was better. But, the quality is good and it was was easy to put together.
This product is very clever and useful the pouch I like and the stickers and droppers are helpful, however 2 of the bottles broke. one of the bottles broke while I was screwing the lid on and the other one broke in the pouch at some point. When the first one broke I thought it was just a fluke. I put them in my purse but I didn't think I was handling it too rough, but when I opened up the little pouch I saw the second one was broken too, and now I'm afraid to carry them around in my purse which was the reason why I bought it in the first place.
Don't like this so much . Pretty heavy and don't look good when u put it in ur eyes
The first few bottle i got were ok. but the last one i got had a terrible taste. I'm really afraid to use it it taste so unusual..
Accuracy is questionable.
Won't buy again, hard to judge serving amount.
It smells awful. Did not work as well as petroleum jelly. I was hoping for more as a professional masseuse recommended this
Did next to nothing for me. Two stars for freshness and acceptable taste.
Does what it's supposed to as far as knee pain. But only when it stays on the knee.
Looked cool, nice design, charger isn't the best and its really weak. Returned it.
Made my eyes burn and produced big red rings around my eyes. I think I was allergic to it despite it being for sensitive eyes.
I got these to help keep my medicine patch on while swimming, but it just peels away when wet. I've tried using medical tape on the corners and it helps some, but if you're planning on getting more wet than just a shower, I would try something else.
I was excited to try but when I did try it I wasn't impressed. It was kind of bulky an I had a hard time inserting the product. After it was inserted I will admit I didn't really notice it even being there, but then the time came to remove an it removing it was just as difficult as inserting it, you can't just pull it out, you have to release the suction, it was uncomfortable an I hated it
Did not like this belt at all. Metal rods were poking into my tissue. In general not a comfortable item to wear (and I own many types).
Weak! brush works again but not powerful like it used to be
Not sure how well it is working. Applicator is hard to work with. You turn and turn and only a little comes out and turn and turn again. Wish they had put it in a bottle with a brush.
The mask itself is great, but it has stained every pillowcase I have. I've tried washing the mask a couple times, but the color still transfers. This is disappointing and totally unacceptable.
Great taste, that's all. Only tried on two occasions, both times took at 9 pm, woke up at 11:30 pm and slept on/off until 7:30 am then woke very groggy. The NIGHTMARES while asleep were HORRIBLE! So realistic and I could not wake myself during the 2.5 hours of deep sleep......i WAS TRAPPED!!!!!! To be fair, I tried melatonin products years ago with the same result. Guess it's just not for me.
They are OK. I'm not really for me. They taste fake. I will not be repurchasing.
The size was nice, but it didnt get as hot as i would like, and I couldn't get it to stay on for more than 10mins at a time. It was soft and nicely made, I also like the the cord laid flat and wasn't bulky
Wore this as part of a Halloween costume. The end part REALLY hurts your head. It left me a bruise and jabbed into my skin. I am throwing these away, although I will say that these are really cute and nice. These are just not for people with big heads, I guess.
The bottle I got the exposition date will pass with only 1/3 being use. Need to have a family not for 1 person 450 is more than a year and quarter. Bad choice for me.
didn't work at all not as advertise
No compression for me. I ordered a medium and they appear too loose. When I attempted to return Amazon stated it's not eligible. This is strange. I've contacted customer support since I should be able to return. I don't think a small would work? I'm a womens 10 and I wanted these to work since I've been having heel and foot pain associated with plantar faciitis. Hopefully something can be done.
Took me awhile to finish this box. I love cookie dough - tasted nothing like it. It was filling, which is why this product got 2 stars, but I will not be purchasing this again :(
We like babyganics diapers and wish we could continue to use them. Their diapers have become increasingly more difficult to find, making amazon pretty much the only place to buy them. With no coupons available they are just too expensive for what you get. Review also reflects extremely poor customer service. I tried to get in touch with someone via multiple avenues and ultimately have never heard back from anyone. We are taking our dollars elsewhere.
Awesome variety & colors, but they aren't long lasting on my nails. Two days max. Even when I put a name brand top coat on top. I love the colors so I wish they stayed better.
I used to love this sounds machine, but I've only had it for 6 months and it already broke. The power doesn't always work and now it just randomly shuts off even though it's plugged in. Great while it works, but unhappy with the quality.
I've purchased this for 2yrs. Unfortunately it is not the same product I am used to consuming. This does not taste the same as previous products. What happened to it exactly? I have no idea. But it sucks. And the ingredients changed. The change is horrible whatever you guys did to this product, is beyond me. Like why bother with what already worked? I'm finding Alot of Amazon products are lacking quality due to higher demands. Of course. Many of us have no problem paying for quality products... They just lost a customer. I have to find a replacement now. 🤷
This was just not as useful as I thought it would be. Probably should have upgraded to a better quality
This upright walker is very unstable. I use it to improve posture and it does do that. I also use it for walking outdoors. Cracks in the sidewalks are a problem. The front wheels do not hop over even moderate cracks and the unit has the tendency to fall over forwards with you wanting to follow it. I did take one spill and it took three people to help me to my feet. To use it outdoors, I have to find smooth, level streets and walk in the center. I had to attach two small mirrors to the handles so as to watch for approaching cars from the rear. Larger balloon tires on the front wheels and even automotive type shock absorbers would be a great help. Even small pebbles sometimes cause a sudden stop and tendency to fall forwards. The unit has helped improve my posture and fix my lower back problems and is far better than a smaller walker.
A super good price but we found the masks uncomfortable. Material is a little scratchy and the masks are large and don't fit well. I wanted to return but return shipping costs more than the purchase price. I liked the idea of protruding cups over the eyes, but found they don't protrude enough to prevent ones eyelashes from scraping.
I really like the mixed colors, but the keeper band does not last. I have purchased this band twice now. The second time just this past June. I had made a point to be extra careful with the keeper on this one because I wasn't sure if I was being too rough on the first. No matter as it didn't last anyway.
It gets too hot and the auto off timer does not work. Seems to be a fire hazard.
Not great, but better than noting. Even though I have small firearms I feel as though the massager will break if I use a lot of pressure . I'm not sure how long it will last before breaking
Not fresh . Not as I expected. To much price. Cause frequent motion and sometimes abdominal cramps.
The product was well made but was not large enough for my 48" waist.
I could not get past the smell to see if this product works.
Haven't really noticed a big change and I have been taking them a month.
For me these don't provide enough arch support; my feet are pretty flat. Also, they don't stick well. When or if your feet sweat they move around. They have some type of adhesive to make them stick that is just gummy not sticky. Sorry, just not worth the purchase for me.
The taste. I also feel it dries my lips more.
Good build quality, sturdy I don't like that it only displays 2 decimal points in grams, three is more useful when tracking smallest weight gains on a newborn. It's unable to show weight if the baby isn't completely still, any sign of movement and the scale can never quite decide what weight to display. You end up going with one of the rapidly changing numbers by taking your best guess. I don't recommend this item for small babies. Could possible work on pets if they're trained to sit completely still.
I was hoping these earplugs would do a better job of reducing noise. They don't fit as tightly as I'd wished.
This didnt do a thing for me. The flavor alone even with water is enough to gag me..
Could not use this product because they are smaller than advertised.
Safety seal broken and inside seal open. Did not get to try. However, ad say also fat blocker. No where on the bottle does it say it may also block fats.
At first it worked great but my child chewed right through it after maybe 2 weeks
Bought 2 of them, sent one to my sister and gave the other to my husband. Neither one of them like it. I use it but some what painful!
This item worked quite well 4 or 5 times. Then it would only work for a couple minutes. Then it stopped working entirely after about 2 months. Would return it for replacement if possible but the 30 day return has expired and I don't see any warranty information available on the website. Will try to contact the seller.
I started off taking this since March of of 2019. It's currently the end of October 2019. So I've Ben using them. I definitely can tell the clarity of this supplement works. Now memory it don't really help as much. Also focusing. I don't know if I got immune to it. But it's not working like it used too. Also I get nauseous now with it. So I decided to to stop using and now I'm taking something else. I'm a Pre-Nursing student so I need this for my anatomy classes. But it doesn't help either memory much.
It was fun to use, but it smells really bad. I ended up tossing it out because it made my whole dresser drawer smell.
It leaks, it runs out quit, otherwise, it's alright. But it'll cost you over time. I rather use my Aura Cacia. I drop essential oils in it and a fan blows it around the room.
A waste of time buying.
I was really excited to buy this product. Unfortunately, it was not a great experience. The kit itself came early, which was awesome, but the base coat had appeared to leak a small amount, and the cap was glued on, very hard to get it off. The pink was not the same as advertised, it barely showed. Lastly, after following all instructions very carefully, chipping and entire nails coming off started within 3 days!!! The company has been dealing with me well, I am returning the item and getting a refund according to them.
The stick is very uncomfortable and irritates skin. Cannot wear this thing!
Kind of bummed about these. All of the purses has strings coming up and we're poorly made. Only reason it's a 2 star not a 1 because I was able to fix the bad sewing myself.
Love this brand of lube, however, the seller did not think the packaging through. The tubes came in a thin manilla package, and 2 of the 4 had burst open and are dried up. So technically we paid $20+ for two tubes of lube and that is outrageous. Not happy with the packaging.
The first bottle I bought was good. Tasted fine, worked fine. But the 2nd bottle I bought tasted totally different and made my breath awful while the residue was in my mouth after swallowing. I had to dilute it with water which has helped tone down the bad flavor but the breath thing is still present. After a few minutes, I have to rinse it out of my mouth and brush my teeth. I might try one more bottle but if it's bad again, I am done ordering.
I cannot recommend this product. It is not something I would take. I have tried a lot of different things for stress and anxiety. This does not help. Take it from someone with years of trial and error. This does not help.
I found this band very difficult to get open. I can't use it.
2 stars due to the first few times using in a diffuser, it did smell like pine. The scent evaporates after opening bottle. Most oils even oil blends hold the original scent from day 1 until empty. Not this one. This will be the last time I order this brand. No, I would not recommend this Pine oil to anybody. 😑
Quality looks ok for the money, seams easy to clean. everything worked as advertised, but I cant use it though, cant fit. i consider myself to be average size, so who was this made for? cant recommend it.
Product is great but arrived damaged with no liquid at all inside.
This does NOT mix near as well as other brands. As soon as I received it and tried it I saw immediately why the price was so much lower than others...it's clumpy and sticky. Not worth the few dollars in savings.
Every time I gave these to my infant, he threw up. I'd heard good things about these but didn't work for us.
Was great at first, but stickiness wore off after a week. I cleaned them as directed, not sure why they didn't last longer as other reviewers said they lasted a while. They would stick on, but then fall off easy if I pushed up against something or rolled over in bed.
this product didn't help me at all
It sort of worked. I tried it and it made my tongue numb so not good for me. My niece was the one that needed it and it helped her. The only problem is that this didn't last very long, 20 minutes tops.
This is not plain and natural. This is sweetened. It does blend well though.
The light up tool was good while it lasted. It cracked and broke where it connects the interchangeable tips.
The product is so thick, it is very hard to get out of the tube. I'm sure the ingredients are fine, but they aren't much good if it's a struggle to use the ointment.
I received this product yesterday and although I have not tried yet I am disappointed to find the container is almost empty. Once I try the product I will come back and give a full review.
Empty envelope was delivered with nothing inside. Amazon is refunding me thankfully.
I love the quality of the material and the pattern. I didn't see the skin doesn't cover the whole juul. I really wish it was full size. I ruined both my skins trying to make them fit correctly because I didn't realize they were made too short. This product could be perfect with an extra 1/4 inch coverage.
The telescoping handle is great for storage, it is very wiggly when using it fully extended which made it a little difficult to reach specific small areas. The sister is supposed to screw into the pole but I can't get it to screw all the way in. I'm going to keep it because of the length and the price. It does the job but is not impressive.
one of the bottle was cracked and leaked everywhere.
Had delivery issues. It was returned and I had to order it again.
Its ok, hurts but I guess its supposed to. Biggest down side is the back massagers do not go up high enough to get between your shoulders, the part I need the most.
It's a good sturdy item but the issue I have with it is that your feet are to uncomfortably close together to use at the same time
I'm not sure if this is normal but none of the reviews for this Resveratrol say it smells terrible. But mine does. It's smells sour and chemical-y. I tried to return it but it's been just a bit over a month so I'll toss it. I just can't imagine something that smells that bad can be good for you!?!
If you fill it past the line ..which is low it sprays waster everywhere...not happy
Does not work very well. The packaging stinks, the tube burst in my purse! What a mess.
MORE HYPE THAN EFFECT, WAS DISAPPOINTED ---THANK ANY WAY
It foams to fast to clean.... used the solution 5 times... still not clean...
Took this for a week and had to stop. I was finding myself not sleeping soundly and constantly waking up. Then I would wake up and during the days I was feeling nauseous.
I've bought Healing Solutions oils before and I really like them, they're pretty potent. However this 3 pack of Peace and Harmony seems rancid to me. They smell absolutely terrible. I just can't use them.
Although this grabber is sturdy and seems to be well made, as well as collapsible for travel,it just does not grip well enough for the way I use it. Not recommended.
Unfortunately I returned these as they were not like stockings, more like tights. Very thick, opaque and a dark color. I'm sure they would have been fine in terms of compression as Futuro is a decent brand name.
I returned this product because it didn't seem very accurate. I didn't compare directly with the doctors BP monitor but took my BP within 20 minutes of going to the doctor and it was about 20 points lower on both measurements every time. I need to be confident that it is accurate due to health problems. So I returned product and bought a different one that shows within about 5 points of the doctor's readings. May be better for someone who only needs a general reading.
Second pair. First pair broke at the nose and foam rubber peeled away from shell after abour 4 month of use. Paid $60. Second pair: $40. Foam rubber is pulling away from shell. A lot to pay for products that don't last. They work well when new.
Fits okay - not at all what I expected though. The pom poms are not as pictured, they are just in a layer of tulle and pooling at the bottom. After one wear they are just in a big clump. Not good. I'm not happy but she's worn it so I won't return.
2 stars because they helped for my first flight. After that they did not help with morning or motion sickness. I don't know if they stretched out after 1 use or what but I was on vacation while pregnant and did not find any relief.
These are the the exact same cones I purchased a couple months ago from the exact same seller, however the cardboard tube used to stuff them has been replaced with a thin strip of cardboard and does not work as well. I have been using Raw products for over 2 years and never bought cones that had these little cardboard strips. Unhappy : grade D
I was excited to find a vitamin for my tween that wasn't a chewable as directed by a dietician. This seemed like a great option. However-it is a huge pill and apparently tastes awful according to my daughter. She struggles to swallow it and ends up in tears most of the time. She is normally a very good pill taker but this one is a real doozy!
I use this and other oils to make cologne. I have had for about a year and the scent is gone. I have other essential oils that are years old from different companies and they still are very strong. Maybe I just received a bad batch. I have purchased other oils from same manufacture with no problem.
Didn't work for me. 4 pills to take was a lot. I would try second time.
The product is ok but the shipping is bad. Leaked all over the box and the bag that the bottle was packed in.
I find that this ceiling and fan duster is ok. The microfiber part screws on the pole and I have a problem making it tight enough so it quickly loosens when I use it.
Powder itself is solid! Clean taste. The blend of shrooms is top-tier. But the ziplock on my bag doesn't work at all. Pretty bummed about that :/
I took two pills and had a bad stomach burn so I didnt take any more. I may try them again in detox.
would not recommend does nothing
I ordered the gold covered jar and got the white colored top. Doesn't say 100% collagen!
It tastes about the same as a Falcons loss.
I'm sure this would have been an ok product if the control solution provided worked. I followed all the instructions given on how to do a control test when setting up the meter. I tried it five times, and each of the control results fell outside of the control target range. Either the solution doesn't work, or I have a faulty product. It would be nice to have something that works, because I can't get a good reading until a good control test is done.
I bought medium but they are way to narrow and I can't wear them. I have used this type of product for many years and this is the first time I couldn't get them on my toes easily and when I did it was way too tight and hurt
It did not help remove the odor from a chair for more than a day or two.
It makes my eyes uncomfortable.
I was excited to receive this but, it took over a month or so to get & it doesn't get of anything that is even somewhat stuck on dishes or pans otherwise it's good.
UPDATE: High quality, works well...while it works. After it stopped functioning, I contacted the supplier several times to ask about repair or replacement and they did not respond.
Over priced. Work on getting your pricing back down.
Didn't notice much difference with them or without them
It was a nice product to try but had little to no affect for armpit odor control.worked great as far as a sweat blocker though
Half way through this pack of 6 and it has become clear. You do get what you pay for. Considering that you can get 6 of these for these than Philips was charging for one brush head, they're not too bad. I can recall the Philips brush heads lasting much longer before an obvious reduction on the vibration of the bristles. Where the vibration in the Philips brush heads was still going strong after 60 days or so, these start to drop of significantly after about two weeks. You'll notice the vibration gets louder under the plastic cap that screws onto the base. The rest of the brush head seems just fine, but you'll have to replace these much more often unless you want a manual electric toothbrush. I'd have probably given one star but you do get 6 of them for $20.
This product smells nice and has a cleaning aspect but I bought this specifically for the dirty sock smell I had in my home. This removed the smell for about 48 hours and then the smell was right back.
I tried it out a couple times and its way too large[wide] and hard. [ im 9 months pregnant mind you] Wish it was a different material than that hard memory foam. two stars because the cover was soft . just very very uncomfortable, much better off with a smushy foldable pillow under the belly.
Seems to be fine. Gives me leg cramps and seems to dehydrate my body fast. It does not seem to stop cravings
Be warned if you are sensitive to fragrances! This soap has an extremely strong perfumey cleaning fluid scent. Does not cling to clothing washed in it, but my cabinet smells! Amazon shipped 2 bars in the same envelope as a brand new softcover book. Now the book smells so stongly that I have to put it outside to air out when I'm not reading it.
I like the feel of the material but its just not stretchy enough to make a more comfortable fit...
The chair is too low and I have a problem reaching my sync to do my teeth and face and look in the mirror I wish it would have been a little higher so now I have to use this chair because I have no other chair and I don't have the money to buy another one. I had to use it when it came because I had no other chair and I live on a budget so I have to use it the way it is thank you. Sonia
These work, as long as you can see the future and know when they'll be needed. They need to make these dissolvable instead of chewable. Apparently they didn't test them with a child having a meltdown. If they had, they would have seen that an upset child will not chew a pill up. I've used the Nuby soothing tablets, they work just as well and I can give them to my child while she's having a meltdown because they dissolve in her mouth even if she doesn't want to take them. Plus they're cheaper. I would buy these again if they made them dissolve instead of chewable. Until they do that, I'll stick to the other ones.
They broke in half in less than one year of use! Where the metal and the glass met was where the failure occurred. The clip-on are a bit heavy too. I am disappointed because I expected these clipons to last much longer than 8 months. One bright side, was that I did a blue light test and they seemed to block blue light well.
Too small. I'm a light sleeper and all I want is comfortable earplugs that block out the sound of my air conditioner. I've used many brands, most recently Hearos Extreme (blue ones in photo) which are too long and hurt to sleep with. I guess that makes me Goldilocks. I am really getting tired of the hit and miss nature of purchasing things from Amazon, sight unseen. I'm sure these are fine for some, just not me. Basically I wasted another $12 buying without trying. No idea if they're returnable
taste not good as strawberry
As others have stated, I'm finding way too many of these wipes to be dry. When half your product doesn't meet expectations, you don't get a very good review.
I've been using the essential oils to help keep my mom calm and to help wirh her mood swings and now I'm trying to use them to help with her memory. They really help to keep her calm and it helps with the mood swings
Smells good but package arrived with item broken. By the time the bottle was out of the bubble wrap my hand was soaked and the label had began peeling off from all the oil. Very disappointed that I even have to attempt to mail this back for a refund.... don't waste your time.
This is okay for getting some visible surface stain on the front of your teeth. I'm a smoker and coffee drinker so it took care of a few of those stains in front of my teeth. I found that it was difficult to maneuver around the inside due to how the head is angled. I also wish they made a thinner head to get between the teeth and a flat head to get the top of the teeth. Also, it takes awhile to get the stains out, so i just sit on the couch and actually scrub the stain. It vibrated but it doesn't vibrate hard enough to just keep it there in place and expect the stains to disappear. So basically its just a rough head toothbrush.
I got the meter but the arm wrap was too small. I asked for a large cup but was disappointed. The packaging was fine and it arrived on time. but I just have to chalk it up to one of those things.
Disappointed. Doesn't seem to do anything
Cheap. Would not buy again
I like the convenience but the light does not work. ...faulty light.
Tried the full bottle - did not help.
The cups, plates and napkins were extremely cute! The plates were a little flimzy, but my baby shower dessert looked amazing with these. The “Mommy to Be” strap had a really bad smell so I didn't use it! The balloons didn't last, not even with helium. Within a few hours they were on the floor. Which was a real bummer because they were really cute. The tassels were easy to assemble and were a cute touch. I didn't uses the paper pom poms. I didn't have the patience to assemble them.
Heavier and bulkier than it looks. I returned it
This device does not help my shoulder and back pain. I tried to use it to stretch but it just doesn't work for me. It doesn't feel good either. I wanted to love it because a friend highly recommended and needed pain relief. Just meh
I used this for my daughter's 4 month vaccines and she cried the same amount and for the same length and she did for all prior vaccines. I was really hoping it would help, but it didn't work for us.
I took them for a month and I didn't notice any difference in my period pain, hormonal acne, or PMS symptoms. In fact after taking them, I haven't gotten my period in two months...
Only worked about an hour or two... still ended the afternoon with sweaty, smelly feet. Used just as directed too. Non-returnable. Small contained for this price. Sad.
Not enough power. Needed to perform better.
Also found that there are only 9 pads on the strips, but advertised as 10. Which one is missing?? They all read as lowest value on mine as well.. I'm fairly certain we have higher concentrations, so I can't trust the results. I'm returning as well.
My product said manufactured from Thailand, these are super snug trying to roll down and they completely roll down before the base. The same ones from Walmart or CVS I usually buy are a bit snug but not as tight and still have a half inch to roll down. Pretty sure these are catering to the wrong "ultra thins"
A perfect unit, silently delivers 5 minutes of albuterol vapor. Fits in my handbag. Bought a 2nd unit as back up due to frequent power outages in winter, said unit arriving Sept 3. On Sept 5, the first unit stopped producing vapor; After several cleanings, no vapor only liquid dribbling from unit port. So used 2nd unit for next 3 days with no issues. The unit now breaks apart in my hand (White section from blue) at least once a day. Great concept; design needs improving.
Smell is really weak
Was looking for replacement insoles for trail runners for walking rather trying to fix foot problems. Mostly just felt spongy which is not really want you want in athletic shoes. They are quite thick so might need a larger shoe to accommodate them. The "massage" nodules are distracting and gimmicky and not having them would be an improvement imo. The broad size range makes the placement of the arch support a bit hit or miss. I was cutting then down for 9.5 mens and I'm not sure the placement was all that great. The size range does have the advantage of better fitting shoes in the middle of the range with a broad toe box. Since they have to be cut to use them and therfore non returnable they turned out to be a waste of money for me.
The idea was nice but for some reason when you go to remove it in the morning there's a horrible smell....I say it smells like beef jerky and my husband says is smells earthy but either way it isn't pleasant. I wonder if I just have a bad batch or if other people have experienced similar smells.
I just really don't know what this supposed to do. I tried it. Oh well
They are no help to me, I think they have too much vitamin b in them.
120 gummies is only 20 DAYS worth! It would have been nice if that was mentioned in the product description! Also online it was clearly stated in the pic of the product that they contained DHA which was part of the reason I chose this brand... that and price. And they do NOT. They taste good, but that definitely is it worth the price I paid.
Very dry unimpressed with product would not buy again. If just wiping a mirror they are ok but for window cleaning epic fail.
This is my third time purchasing this. It's not as good as it used to be. The vibrating bunny part doesn't work as well.
Great idea, terrible product. When you turn on your blow dryer the bonnet expands & is like bubble wrap on the inside. It suffocates your head & burns your ears. Very difficult to use.
Too much zinc ,upsets your stomach We only need 12 mg of zinc a day
I don't know that I can recommend this item. I does pull some of the hair but I was disappointed that it more breaks the hair opposed to pulling it out from the root as it claims. Personally I was not impressed.
Bottle arrived unsealed and partially leaking. Therefore can't even return it.
They're cute and they're comfortable, they match my pink iPhone. They do not hold up or last well. The first few times I used them they sounded fine. Not great sound, but decent. Then a few days later I started hearing crackles occasionally. About 2 months in, the button malfunctioned and you could no longer hear completely unless you hold the button down, so I just superglued the button down. One more month and they were dead.
Was not impressed with this cleaner, just doesn't seem to clean as well as the brand name products.
I only used my heating pad a few times before the beads inside burned a huge hole in the material and they spilled out everywhere.
Started leaking like a week after I got it and didn't even receive the color I ordered.
I have sponges from DT Store that do as good a job for about 90% less cost. Will not bother to return, but won't buy again either. I did run it through the dishwasher and it did not disintegrate, if that is important. I was asked to rate "scent". Since it has none, I gave it a 1 star. Perhaps because it didn't stink, I should have given it a 5-star. Not sure what that question was all about.
I love nag Champa but all of the scents smelled exactly the same. Still smelled good though.
I ordered Chamomile and Jasmine but I received Sandalwood instead of jasmine!! Very disappointed
I enjoyed this product for five months and then it quit working. It worked well while it was working, but it is not worth the cost for just five months of use.
Piece of shit. nothing like the original proto pipe wished I could get refund but already used it
Did not enjoy the flavour
You might as well eat a snicker's bar, these things are like candy! On top of that this product made me sick, not sick as in throwing up, the other end, insides swelled an the bar passed right threw me like I never ate it! Not enough information as to whats in it besides the basic ingredients!
tastes ok. not sure how much good it is doing but its ok. found out later that they sell this for nearly half this price. This is the marked up price that they have the distributors sell for their own profits.
It came with a diffrent label. It does not seem to have the same quality than the first one I purschased.
These were a disappointment. The white one had a stain on it already, the black one made my knee itch, and the foam was so cheap it flattened like a pancake after only 2 days.
Slip out of the glasses too easily- I needed to super-glue them in to stay. Comfortable but flimsy
I bought these for my sister and got x large they are a poor quality they do not fit they are made smaller. I have bought other brands of compression socks that fit fine I tried a pair of these on and they're so tight and small you can't even hardly pull them up over your calf . Made of a different cheaper material to I noticed . I want to send them back but haven't had time to do so. Not happy at all with this product. The only thing that is nice is the different designs on them.
I have ordered shredded paper before from Amazon, and this did not compare to the other. The paper wasn't near as thick, therefore needed a lot more to fill projects than the previous stuff I bought.
While the HMR 120 Protein Shake tastes good, both vanilla and chocolate, I have not lost a single pound using it! Kind of discouraging as I was using it in place of my breakfast meal and was hungry only 3 hours later! I still didn't eat until lunch, but to no avail cause I still wasn't losing anything.
This is great by concept, but it doesn't connect half the time. First of all, I don't use their app, so I can't speak to it. I use this for temping only, then transfer the data to another app. It would be great for that if it would connect properly! Very rarely is this connected on the first time I open the app and the thermometer. Sometimes it takes me playing with the app and pulling the thermometer out and in multiple times, for many minutes, before I can connect. It beeps every time I open it, so if your partner is a light sleeper, that can be an issue. I hate having to open the app each time I need to use this, but it wouldn't be bad if the thermometer would just connect! It shouldn't take so long for a Bluetooth connection. I'm on WiFi, the thermometer is right next to the phone. I'll probably invest in a wearable device soon enough. This thermometer is great in theory, but poor execution. I've had it almost two months and the issue seems to be growing.
So far I don't feel better but I bought a second bottle. If I still have no energy with second month I will have to reevaluate my review
Returned it. Didn't realize it was made in China, and weird connections
Not designed to clean the bottom. Bristles are too soft.
I was very disappointed. I've always used Glad. The drawstrings ripped the bags when tying them leaving the garbage strewn all over, also the bag itself wasn't at all strong. They flexed but ripped as well. What has happened to our good old Glad Trash bags?
Looses bristles everytime I use it. Love the tin it came in though
Got these for my wife to help with diarrhea. The package recommends something like 20 capsules per day. I couldn't get my wife to take more than four, and that apparently wasn't sufficient. The quantity of pills required is just a lot to handle. So I don't think these are effective unless you can tolerate taking five pills four times a day.
Unfortunately, my baby kept getting diaper rash from these diapers. They seemed to be good quality overall, but just didn't work for me.
Top cap is fine however the second cap to prevent leak and use as a dropper seems to drop easily. Oil would waste due to this. otherwise evaporate early.
Do not go by the sizing chart on the box. If you have large hands order a size up. They are nice but they run small and can't be returned.
I feel like I bought a volatile substance. It smells 10 times stronger than the tire section at Walmart with one squeeze of a tincture. I use 2 drops thyme oil to 12 drops of lavender and 10 drops of eucalyptus, and it still smells a little strong. But this smell isn't thyme as I'm familiar. This is is either EXTREMELY concentrated and a great deal if you know how to dilute it properly, or it's something that humans shouldn't have made. But I'm open to change my rating if my observations can be explained by the producer. My negative juju toward it is mainly because I don't know how something can smell this strong. It's legitimately overwhelming to sniff the bottle.
I bought the green and blue camo. They were comfortable and fit well when I tried them on. Then I washed in cold water and air dried...the length shrunk almost 3 inches! I got these same socks in the pink and blue camo and followed the same instructions for washing, and they never shrank like these did.
It may help someone else. My doctor recommended that I try Quercetin so I have been using it for a month now with no changes in my allergies.
Nothing more than a slab of neoprene with some effort at support in the back. On first wearing, found that they continually and severely rolled over across my belt line and were less than comfortable to wear. Might be great for using the pouch for hot or cold applications for a short period of time but not much use for back support.
Mixes well, taste great relative to any other (we aren't drinking for taste). Vitamins are low compared to my norm. No extra creatine, which is huge. Very necessary, but my bad for not checking. Still product review though?
I am very sensitive to light and I also get migraines, so I wanted to cut down on blue light and glare. I ordered these rather than a pair that was more yellow. I started using them for watching TV, putting them over my regular glasses. However, the orange is a little too dark and seems to distort the colors a bit. Maybe these glasses will just take some getting used to. I've never used such glasses before, so I'm not sure what I should expect.
Will not sit securely, I can use it but it moves too much. However, does make it easy to just slide off and clean. It would be much better if they made it as a regular toilet seat with screws fitting to the actually toilet'
I have used this for over a year and was happy, until this last order. The detergent has been hardening and sticking in the detergent drawer. It won't dissolve. Now I have to put in with the clothes. I use a liquid when I wash in cold. I had loved it up until last box. With Charlie's, my clothes came out smelling funky. Biokleen never did that. It is sad that now I am trying another detergent because it just isn't dissolving. I hope they solve the problem.
After few mos can't release metal clip- frustrated! Gaget is good BUT band release Not made for senior citizens with weak thumbs! Even tried holding over counter edge and pressing with flat screwdriver- but then pulling down away from clip impossible! They need to make a tool to help us with weak hands!
Love the face scrubber, the cups don't suction well, too stiff
It was a decent sound machine for the price. I did not like how you had to turn the whole machine off to turn the nightlight off though. However, my real reason for the negative review is that the machine has stopped working. About 7 months of use and now it won't turn on. Luckily, this happened the day all my family left after the holidays. If it had broken while everyone was here I know my child would never have slept.
I thought it helped with bacteria and other bad thing but it's only to make you smell good. I am terrified of UTIs so it was unfortunate that I bought this thinking it would be a preventative when I got paranoid. It probably won't.
Didn't take that much hair off.... very disappointed
I got this at the recommendation of a friend. They did not relieve pain at all
Yes, it fits the Sonicare, but when you turn it on and put it into your mouth, it cannot develop the vibrations to actually clean your teeth. it made my toothbrush skip and break, but I put back on the old brush head and it works fine. They need to specify better the models this fits, because it is not clearly written.
When I was going to place the order there were 2 choices...original and sour. Original was over $2.00 mote but I chose it anyway because I don't know if my daughter will like sour. I still got sour.
The interior lining must have ripped away inside the underwear. It is all bunchy and misshapen now and makes a loud crinkling noise. I guess I'll have to try another brand ☹️
Very Difficult to get accurate readings.
I did not like the smell. The lavender smell was overwhelming. It seems that there are two different scents called lavender: one is mild, which I love, the other is offensively pungent, which I do not care for. This mist uses the second kind.
Was expecting something thicker. This is very similar to ones they have already in bathrooms but at least it's waterproof. It has 4 stickers that you have to peel but it never stuck to the toilet. Booo. I don't like it.
The product does condition and softens the beard. However the scent is rather acquired one. It is most certainly not for everyone and gears towards someone who has used the oils with evergreen and botanical scents. Guys, think work and sports...this one will not not get your lady on her tip toes!
The remote would never work and the vibe wasnt strong enough
The first day is great but then it falls apart within a week. Perhaps that is by design but I have had others that hold together for months.
Not Impressed! No way all the other reviews are from customers.
I bought two bottle set to save a couple of dollars. The taste and the smell makes me sick, after taking it for a few days, I gave up.
Doesn't clean as well as what optometrist gave me
Who makes this purchase signature required drop off? It's taking an extra week to get here because they wouldn't leave it with out a signature. I bought from this seller because it was prime. I should have purchased from someone else. Still don't have the product almost a week later.
Didn't notice any change.
In less than 2 weeks this turned into a hard block inside the container. I can't use what I paid for
I'm on my third bottle. This is way too expensive and doesn't really work. I will stop using it.
Look. The product does say Large for women who've had children or are over 25. I'm here to tell you, though, to ignore that second part. I'm 32 and, by this logic, I must have a vagina 8 years younger, because the experience of testing this out was borderline traumatic. It was difficult as hell to get in, and, even going by the instructions, it felt like ripping off a bandage from the inside. The actual wearing of it was uncomfortable as well. I'm sending this back immediately, but I'm debating getting the Small size, as this experience was so bad, I'm not sure if I wanna try it again or not.
Fun colors but for some reason while I'm brushing my daughter's teeth, water/toothpaste is dripping off the toothbrush into the sink. This doesn't happen with any other toothbrush we've used over the last 2 years...?
The silicone is not firm enough to get a strong suction for treatment
Came within a week that was cool, but feels very cheaply made, and the fact that it always comes off when I sleep, and that there is an opening near the nose which was very annoying since light always found it's way in through there
Second one purchased, the latest version will keep ringing until you manually shut the ringer off. Earlier version would stop ringing automatically after about 30 sec. I prefer the automatic shutoff.
When opening the bag, there is a horrible chemical smell, I do not want to put chemicals in my mouth, I'll use different products.
Someone like the smell but I don't like it.
Said was Heavy Duty when buying, but was regular course when I received it.
I bought this product in March. It is mid July and they need to be replaced. I bought them to replace the original insoles that were almost 2 years old. I didn't expect these to last that long but was hoping for at least 6 months. From day one they were usable but didn't offer great support. They might be great for someone who is not actively on their feet for 8 hours a day. If you are, I would not recommend.
I really like the wicking properties of this diaper but am frustrated that they are so heavily scented. Not good for the skin or otherwise. Even the sensitive skin version is scented so I'm not sure what the difference is. Moved to another diaper brand.
simply don't like this product. for the price, it is not very usable for me. The squeegee falls out all of the time and the sponge is just not very good, somewhat cheap. I will have to make some engineering tweaks to make it usable.
I have worn fitbits everyday for 8 years, and this one is my 4th. Usually I get a battery life of 3 to 4 days, but this new one does not even last 18 hours. I cannot sleep with it if I want to work out first thing in the morning and keep track of my work out. I turned off all notifications, but gained perhaps 1 hour.
Great product, but did not receive the 2nd order. It took several emails before I received a refund.
I tried this in liquids and could not tolerate the taste. I ordered empty capsules and tried filling them with the powder and it is tedious. Gave up.
I like the band a lot but the side buttons are so tight it keeps the home button pushed in at all times causing the face of my blaze to be lit up constantly and drain the battery.
I took the 3 before going out and the 3 before bed and I don't feel like it did anything. Was hoping it was gonna be a game changer but alas you can't undo when you tie one on.
I wanted to love this but it leaked half the time and was generally uncomfortable. Disappointed.
Its okay. Not the greatest in my opinion
Bait and switch! I paid extra for the green organic scrub. I was sent the yellow one with completely different ingredients. This is not right at all.
the description says free balls, I received one.
I'm very familiar with the taste of This product but it did not taste normal to me. I'm not sure if I can even return a 11 count back but it really tasted bad.
You do not receive the large sponges shown in the pictures. These are smaller, but still about the size of an actual sponge. They work alright, but not as great as I had hoped.
When you are sitting or standing, this works. But the point is to wear it to sleep. When you lay down, the wedge forcing the foot up no longer has the same resistance and the foot loses the pressure against the wedge which causes the stretch. If you tighten the straps, as I did, you can create pressure again but...as cost of your circulation and the straps cut into the skin. So, you can have pressure...and a BLUE foot or no pressure...and the same issue as before you bought the boot.
Already use and like this wash. Always gentle, no irritation even on broken skin. However, item was also shipped without the lid taped shut causing it to leak during shipment :/ Arrived with a bottle of the Eve body powder and there was black smudging all over it which I had to scrub off with baby wipes and a bit of coconut oil. **Given you can but this for as low as $2.49 at walgreens.com is upsetting**. Shame on me for not price shopping. Shame on this company for selling dirty stock/not packing them properly for shipping. Never again!!
These seemed to be ok taken every now and then. It didn't feel like 200mg but that part wasn't a big deal. I noticed after taking one or two on a daily basis that I started to feel a cloud over my head and I just didn't feel right. The first day I cut these out I felt better and back to normal. I'll just stick to coffee and maybe take one of these if I just really don't want coffee one day.
Bought three of these. My eye still hurts after trying to use ‘em. Maybe it was just me... nah, I tossed ‘em.
pills too big. hard to swallow
They are to thin and you need several wipes to do the job. Won't purchase these again. These wipes compare to dollar wipes.
The bottle I received had the inner seal broken. Although the outer seal was intact, it does not give me a great deal of confidence in the quality control of this manufacturer.
You would think they could concentrate the ingrediants. But they didn't and you have to swallowing very large horse pills. wont order again.
I have been suffering from severe bladder and flank pain from a urinary tract infection that keeps coming back a little as the year so decided to try this after all the reviews for at helping greatly with that but have noticed no results after taking 2 capsules, 3 times a day for a month now. :-(
Did not last very long. Stopped working early on.
I bought these to cushion the ball of my front foot. They didn't stay in place to well in my shoes even with socks on (which was hard to put on over the pad). These pads didn't work for me but may work for some one else.
The lids of the containers don't stay closed.
I read several reviews saying they were too tight, but we wanted to try them anyway. They were very large.... not sure what happened. But it wouldn't stay on at all and obviously it killed the mood
Worked at first, didn't last on cleaning
Very huge and heavy. The top cover is loose and doesn't stay closed
I love the idea that I can wash these and there for they are more Eco friendly than disposable bed pads. I got the s for an elderly dog who started toileting on the rug. But they leak and some comes out the backing side and onto the rug.
They do the job, but they are a little stiffer than I would have liked. So when you are wearing them they are not soft around the edges and they leave an impression on your face. I actually don't use them for that reason.
Product was damaged. It obviously has/had been leaking. Returned for refund, was skeptical of getting another one only to have the same problem.
This device probably works great on others however I have really tough skin on my feet from wearing thongs or going barefoot all the time. Even the extra coarse roller that I ordered extra didn't really help at all.
Only wore them a couple times. Not comfortable and don't stay in position very well.
Doesn't do anything. Save your money.
All vitamins I have bought comes with a full bottle or almost full. This came with less than half a bottle. I'm Kinda Disappointed from the "get go".
I really don't like these things. I have always used Finish brand and so when I saw these I was excited to try them. Especially because they say they are "better" than the other type that I regularly use. Well, not better. More like, they clean the same but they are a BIG pain to use! First, they are not individually packaged so you have to be very careful not to touch one with wet hands (or get any moisture in the bag) or it immediately starts to dissolve. Which also means that your compartment that they go in must also be totally dry or they get gooey and make a mess in there. I will never buy them again.
Followed instructions to the t, saw little to no improvement. Had such high hopes but sadly disappointed.
I was so excited to get this diffuser! I received my diffuser two days ago, I love the lights and the sound, but for some reason the diffuser won't mist. I can't smell anything or feel anything from the top part. I am not sure what to do to resolve this issue. I tried refilling the water half way and even to the max line and still nothing. Very bummed.
I'm very disappointed in this oil. I intended to use it for aromatherapy but the fragrance is too diluted for practical use. I've tried simply using more than my previous oils (all nutmeg) but it just doesn't produce enough aroma. There may be other uses for it but not suitable for aromatherapy.
This bar cost me my tooth crown literally pulled it right out ! Not that tasty
Small and virtually useless. I suspect these are meant to humidify a small bag of marijuana and not a humidor of cigars.
Not as impressed, I was hoping to have the same quality as if I had it professionally done. It's okay glad it was cheap.
It not worth your energy. A piece of Junk! Get these, you will be disappointed.
It's amazing but it's definitely not for short or people with less than average limb measurements. Other than that it's pure quality
Product does not live up to advertising
This supplement did not help me with weight loss. After swallowing the supplement, I could taste the pepper this is not what I wanted in a supplement. I had no extra energy. I gave it one star for clarity perhaps enhanced by the pepper and another star for price.
This is the best tasting stevia I've tried yet. Before this product, I hated the aftertaste of stevia; this brand is tolerable. My only complaint is the way the drops come out of the bottle--sometimes more than I'd like. The packets of stevia are better for consistent amounts.
I tried this for travel.... I still snored.
delivery took way too long to get even on ground when it was supposed to be 5-7 business days.
I'm the wife of this holder. I've been TTC for months and they seemed fine I thought it's just my problem. I went to the hospital found out we are alright. But when I ordered a new box for this month and half of the strips show this(half T line only after waiting for 15 mins). Now I just wonder this brand didn't detect right cuz me not be able to succeed.
Did not deliver results I was hoping for. I seemed to develop less of a need for a full nights sleep while trying this product. I was hoping for more a nutrient delivery system effect.
I use this at work, it only works once in awhile. A lot of times the red light comes on, but the patient has no fever. It actually reads low. So I try it with the hospital issued thermometer for comparison, and it's normal. It makes me question its accuracy.
Was opened and used when received it..wont be able to return because went to my sister and I have no time to run there. Up to you what you want to do.
While the product itself actually worked great (we flew with my son who had recently had a cold and was still congested & he had no ear pain at all), the package arrived open and one of the products was missing. It was supposed to be a pack of 3 and there was only 2 and the box was ripped apart.
they tend to fall out throughout the night.
Bought this for my 7 years old daughter. Wouldn't recommend it. The alarm doesn't work all the time.
It is not waterproof!!! Mattress ended up getting wet and we didn't realize it until after it was moldy.
Wouldn't stay aired up. I would go for the aircast if there is a next time, however it did do the job. I had to pump it up several times a day.
Did not perform as stated.
Too slippery for washing dishes. Fit was a little too tight - hard to remove.
All three bottles had a terrible smell, very much like garbage. Only reason for two stars is I've had good experience with this product before this.
Maybe it's just me but it didn't do a single thing. Read all the comments and decided to give it a try. Took it according to the bottle and didn't notice any results from it.
There are other products that are better for you. Like coconut oil, it has everything this has. Plus using it has not made me spend my morning afraid to fart or in the bathroom
Too tight, can't wear and I have a small wrist and narrow fingers
I purchased this Vitamin E oil because it was a large quantity for a very reasonable price. I had tried another brand of Vitamin E oil from Amazon and it had cleared up my skin, so I was excited to find such a large bottle for a cheaper price. But I was really disappointed when it arrived. The oil was very watery, not pure oil like the other brand I had previously ordered. I thought I was saving money, but you get what you pay for and this quality was no where near the quality I was expecting.
Did not give much relief.
Much stiffer than I thought it would be. Caused more pain on my sit bones. I would not recommend it. I will give it away.
I would love this product if I were able to turn off the sound. It's just one flaw, but a total deal breaker. If your goal is to wake up peacefully, do not buy this product.
Cane will serve it's purpose very well. However, the flower pattern is only on one side of the cane. The other side has the s ame colors, but they are all smeared together instead of flowers like I expected.
Seller requires signature for package, but did not inform me of such. Resulted in a large inconvenience in claiming my package.
This worked great and is very powerful at first. We bought it in December and just last week it stopped charging and won't work even when plugged in. The return window closed in February so this is very disappointing. We take great care of it- no kids allowed to use, only used a few times a week max, etc.
Too big to swallow but price is good. Mail pharmacy billed me $125 and Medicare $1000 for same thing you asked $9. Do they come as chewable like vitamins ans calcium.
The product has some physical defects which is why I wanted to return it. But I really need it now so my husband is telling me to keep it. But for the price there should be no physical defects in this product. The magnets are very weak and aren't strong enough to test holding the container sideways with medicine in it without the containers falling off of the base. The concept is good
Disappointed because I didn't get what I ordered. The posting clearly stated 3 pack of 150 gummies. I only received a 3 pack of 70 gummies. The gummies themselves are quite good.
This is the first time I have gotten Zone bars from Amazon that when I opened each bar the chocolate crumbled off or stuck to the wrapping. I eat these every morning on the go and they are messy! Will not order again. I never had this problem when I got the bars in boxes of 5 instead of 12 through the prescription service. Very disappointed! Ordered 36 bars so have to try and eat them so don't waste money.
I love these drinks. Helps with energy without the crash at the end. This is the best price I have found for them. THAT BEING SAID, this is the second time I've ordered these. BOTH TIMES they arrived in a typical Amazon box with NO PADDING. I ended up with 6 cans the last time that were so badly mangled I had to throw them away! This time I had to 4 that way (pics included).
Doesn't really cover my face enough or fit right to keep out light on the sides and isn't soft. I was expecting something bigger and softer. Found it uncomfortable.
Came on time, but half of the gum balls we're rolling inside of box along with other products. Somebody hands no doubt touched the inside of the box along with the other products no telling what kind of germs are in that box, what a waste of money, this item is not refundable. Amazon needs to make this right, and send another bag free of charge and make sure the bag is secure. The gum that was still in the bag was safe to chew, it was good and tasty.
This takes longer than advertised to record temps.
Love the scent, unfortunately the cap was cracked when it arrived and a decent amount of the oil had leaked out.
I like how thin these pads are and that they are free of fragrances and dyes.However,they are very expensive and way too long.They also claim to have a modern design made to fit your modern underwear but I found them sort of boxy and oddly shaped.Also,they are packaged strangely,making them fold up at the end in an uncomfortable way.There are definitely better options out there that cost way less.
they are not weighted
This product has a bad smell that will effect my usage. I've used it for a couple of days and have not felt it helps with the pain.
I purchased 24 of these batteries it took me so long to remove them from the packaging it is like each battery is shrink wrapped and it is impossible to unwrap and it took me so long for this reason and for this reason alone so far, I would not repurchase these batteries
The price was good, but the product gave only minimal amount of relief from neuropathy discomfort.
These are fine other than they don't stay cold long enough to really work as a cold pack.
I cannot use this because one of the metal braces pops out and rubs a hole in my skin. It braced well but didn't work well for me.
This stopped working after only a few days usage, so I had to return it.
This BP cuff seems like itd be great, has a case and fits good. But the pump is crap and doesn't always inflate when you squeeze the pump. It might work every third attempt to inflate. And the way you wrap it around the arm forces you to wrap it through this small metal bar and then double back on the cuff. Not suitable for easy/fast movement
Its very limited in it's usefulness. Don't buy based on reviews, they offered me a free massager for a 5 star rating!
I am a bit bummed because I was really looking forward to using these collagen proteins from all the great reviews. I have tried it twice and have heart burn. I am under 30, healthy, 115lbs - no health issue regarding esophagus or stomach- and have only had heart burn during pregnancy 7 years ago. Not quite sure why this is causing me such discomfort. Been eyeing this for months but I don't think it's going to work for me. So bummed.
I personally can't stand the flavor of this but my kids take it with no problem. I'm not positive they have had any health improvements but I would buy it again for the kids.
This prooduct was delivered with a broken top and the cream inside was very, very thick. I managed to get the top back on (but it was still broken) and I could not even get the cream to dispense. I hace gotten more things that have had something wrong with them lately and i am not very happy. It is much easier to order new than send back. I will order the Radiance Renewal Lotion again, but if it comes delivered in the same condition, I will not be as happy to be ordering from Amazon. I have been a customer for a long time. Thank You.
Cute frames but causes headaches! They aren't truly blue light blocking. But frames are comfy on your face and designs are amazing.
This solution seemed to irritate my nose piercing bump instead of making it better. Had to switch back to simple saline rinses.
A medical provider recommended I try this creme to manage some of my peri-menopause symptoms. I tried almost three months, with the week-long breaks in between as instructed. While it did seem to provide some relief for my night sweats, hot flashes and poor sleep, I noticed it also caused random episodes of intense heat shooting out from where my uterus used to be and radiating out a few inches. It wasn't as painful as it was shocking and unexpected. Funny but true, I was in my office with a co-worker during one of these episodes, and I literally jumped out of my chair with a scream because it felt like someone just stuck a hot poker in me. I stopped using it once I realized what was causing it. It's been a couple of months since I stopped and have not had one hot poker episode since.
Well just got it part of the inside seal was open and it's all over the lid. It was literally just delivered. I will add more stars once I try it and add more to the review
Off white like what you get in shipping packages. Thought it would be bright white and more suitable for stuffing gift bags.
I would rather have the ones in a tube.
Many wipes are dried out.
Terrible and unhealthy cleanse that I didn't lose any weight from.
I took this product twice a day for two weeks, and my nails are no different and my hair has not seen a difference either. I bought another bottle to see if it just takes time. I will finish this bottle and update.
The first two months it worked great. I had amazing pelvis and hip relief. But after that it o longer gave me support. No matter how tight I put it on or If i tried it on backward nothing worked. Not only that but around the 3rd month little plastic things started sticking out and would poke me and irritate my skin. Wish it lasted longer because it did help but I ended up having to buy another one.
I found it difficult to step onto without holding on to something because it tended to tip sideways. Also the weight was not easily read because blocked by my feet.
It's a great head of hair, bought it for my daughter to practice prom hairstyles. It braids well. Curling it and flat irons doesn't work on this hair. No matter what she tried to curl and then hold it, doesn't work. Isn't worth buying it. Now have to find one that has real human hair
I bought this set for my first time using essential oils and the experience was disappointing. I especially wanted to use the Eucalyptus scent, but it was the weakest of the entire set... I had to use around 15-20 drops to get to somewhat smell it. Lesson learned: like in most things, but specially true with essential oils, you get what you pay for.
I got snookered in because of the price. Not at all happy with the way this dusts because it does not pick up much that I can tell. Just pay more and buy the competition. Who want to be irritated when they are cleaning? I'm already irritated that I have to clean.
Perhaps it was just me...perhaps I did not use enough...who knows why it happened, but I did not have a good experience with this stuff. My hair felt greasy and disgusting after using, pretty much just like it did prior to using it.
This was a shot in the dark. Product was delivered as presented but did not work for me.
bought for daughter to use in her smoothie bottle..still in the package
The coating doesn't last long. Doesn't light every single time.
I purchased this and liked it at first, but then the malfunctions started! My Aria runs almost all the time and won't turn off. It switches between different messages such as "please step on" to "sensing" and others when no one is in the room. It does occasionally stop but not for long. It eventually wears its batteries down doing this within a few days. When I contacted support, I was told my unit was out of warranty and that I could get free shipping on a new one. At this price point, it should last a LOT longer. If you check online for this issue, it's clearly a known defect. Sometimes they replace them, sometimes they don't. Sad. I won't purchase another, that's for sure!
nothing special about this device.... not at all what I expected.
I guess I wasn't really expecting much, just hoping. So I can't say I am too disappointed. I am sure these caps are high quality, and if fennel is what you want, go for it. But if you are expecting to be relieved of much intestinal gas, save your money. I felt like mine increased, though that was probably coincidental.
I didn't find this to be as good as the rejuvenate wood floor cleaner - this product is very comparable to swifter that can be purchased in any local market
After using just a little of the bottle, the pump broke on one bottle and on the other bottle the entire pump broke off spilling the entire contents, what a wast, cheap design.
Very disappointed in the level of quality. It was very watered down. The smell doesn't last long at all an Amber White is a very strong yet soft smell. I wasted my money, but I will get it from a store next time
It is not flavorful, even if you doctor it up. Definitely doesn't taste like vanilla creme should.
The image and bullet points for this product says 4% standardized extract. The bottle I received was 3%.
Can't tell if it does anything for me.
really didn't do that much and for the price... Detox tea was stronger and cheaper
Does not fit very well and part of the zip sticks into the chin.
I found it uncomfortable, seemed too small, would not stay on all night
To fat, wont fit in shoes.
Has a really artificial taste to it.
I was using this on top of my head for migraines. Just started leaking 2 days after my return window closed. Bummer.
Really has done nothing for me after taking the whole bottle.
Air pump broke within 3 weeks
I like the screw on top, however it very light weight, as advertised. I will not stand up empty, it's top heavy.
I was really excited to find Lavender essential oil from the company that makes my amazing wool laundry balls but sadly the vial was smashed on arrival. They put it in a very thin flimsy box and didn't bother to cushion the glass. The Lavender scent is nice but fades fairly quickly. Unfortunately, I assumed this item would carry the same return/guarantee that Amazon has but it doesn't. It is NON RETURNABLE and I am not happy that I received a damaged item and they won't correct it. Would be a decent item if it were packed with more care and had a fair return policy for damaged items.
It isn't terrible, but the suction cups don't work and the pillow stretches and loses air. You're going to have to spend more money for a better bath pillow. Just take a speedy but slow bath if you don't want to spend more money, Good luck with my advice.
Just not the fit expected. Good selling practices though.
The tape help with the pain but I broke out with hives and red marks, and I am not a person with sensitive skin.
I'm not happy with this one bit....I've had 5 back surgeries. It is like a gun holster. I wore it two days. It made my nerve issues intensified.
Disappointed as bag didn't fit properly anywhere on the chair. Bag is nice just to wide on our adult sized chair. Also Velcro was poor quality and wouldn't hold.
I was looking for a long straw for my Yedi cup. I bought these, not a bad deal at 300 for $7.99, but they are very thin and crack if you try to put them through ice. I'll use them as no reason to waste the money, but really disappointed on how thin they are and now easily they crack.
A great idea, but on the fifth use, the lid broke off. Now it won't stay attached to the scoop. I still use the funnel and the scoop, but I have to be careful or I'll spill everywhere.
Ver uncomfortable and prefer wearing with boots or high chuck taylors
Unfortunately it did not agree with my stomach
Product comes with zero instructions, so be prepared to zap yourself a lot to attempt to learn. I've used TENS us it's all my life- this was the worst I've used. A foot icon is used as one of the modes- not sure why this or an ear have anything to do with its purpose, but I gave up trying to figure this thing out, and am taking a loss on this product.
I wished I tried the next larger size. I went with "Large" for my size 12, 4E feet. What a hassle to pull on / take off. And they only compressed half of my foot. From mid arch, back.to the ankle and then up the calf. But they survived a typical wash & dry cycle like the rest of my clothes. So I guess that's a plus.
Cheapo cups and not as big as I'd like. Stick to solo brand. Several cups so far in the pack randomly have holes in them. How do you use a cup with holes?? Hint: you can't. Except maybe as a fountain you can't turn off.
It gave me severe skin rashes that prescription version doesn't
Very difficult to swallow. Not easy on the stomach . They are sitting in my cabinet not being used .
This product gave me more heartburn than before I started taking it!!
Product doesn't get cold enough. Plus it's uncomfortable to my eyes. I prefer the mask with the eye holes.
Not the worst, but not great. Only purchase this if you low key hate yourself.
Cool to look at but not made for playing with. Broke within 30 seconds of opening, star not glued on good.
Really do not feel the increase in size or strength. Granted I'm not experiencing negative side effects far as gains wise this product is not aiding that. I feel like the other supplements I'm stacking help more so
Did not help pain and tingling in my fingers and hand at all. Guess vitamin deficiency is not the cause of my problem.
It stings. I couldn't use it after spending all that money.
Really Really stick and hard to wash off. They have better products. I like the maker.
The packaging is secure. The taste is very mild with no aftertaste. I purchased this product, hoping it would help me get a better night's sleep and feel more rested in the morning. I've been using it regularly for a few weeks and can't say that I have experienced any noticeable improvement. I can't speak to any other benefits claimed by the producer.
Wasn't quite what I expected it crumbled apart
Inconsistent in their batches and customer service never did get back to me for replacements. Disappointing. I had good luck and the. Two bottles ordered separately came in very poor quality. I switched to a different brand
Rather than having the layout by week from Sunday to Saturday in four segments, the pill containers are laid out in seven segments for 4 Sundays, 4 Mondays etc. Made no sense to me. I take my pills one week at a time not 4 Sundays in a row.
after 3 hours of wear I had to take it off due to severe discomfort . The strap was cutting in to my shoulder even though i extended the straps to their limit an XXL might suit better
The taste! Don't buy unflavored unless you have no taste buds?
I have been using this product for several months now, I would only buy the tablets because I had never use the capsules I know that the the tablets work. Almost every bottle I have purchased where they have been the capsules and not the tablets, there has been an issue where the capsules have opened or the the seal pack the fresh packs have been ripped open at the bottom of the bottle. I have not been able to use completely the product. This never happened when I've ordered super enzymes the tablets, only when I have ordered the capsules. This is an excellent product for someone who has digestive issues, lack of a gallbladder, or just in general wants some assistance outside of yogurt or probiotics with their digestive issues. Great product, I gave it one to two stars because of how many times I've ordered a bottle of the capsules, not the tablets, and once I received that unopened bottle of capsules and open the package, the powder and the capsules were already ruined and the fresh seal packet was open. I have been to the doctor and I'm fine I ingested very little of the dust that comes with within the fresh packets. Do invest in the Now super enzymes product, go for the tablets I am 100% sure you will never get a defective bottle as long as you get the tablets.
Doesn't work. Won't buy again.
Came cracked and returned
This tray will not work with the electrical recliner.
Not for drowning out snoring. They will work for anything else.
I don't know how it records the actual distance your moving or how it attempts to do speed, i have to just try to maintain a set amount of RPMs. The resistance is super low and even if you try to manually tighten it, it doesn't do too much. I've had other cheaper desk bikes that i was able to tune to a lot more resistance that gave me a much better work out, and at home I have a much better desk bike that uses magnetic resistance and works very well. I would consider looking for a different desk bike if you're trying to get even a tiny bit of something out of it since this bike requires a very high cadence at the max resistance to even notice anything.
Update: Customer service pulled through and gave me a refund. Unless you're buying a gag gift and don't mind blowing $20, don't waste your money. It's awful!!! It's uncomfortable, the seams scratch, it's just a big joke.
Did not stay on for me. They should make a S, M, and L.
It's not as good as I thought it would be. It's not made for someone who has above average weight.
I have super sensitive skin and it just made me more red.
There are many pairs in package. However, they are not as sticky as the original 3M kind. Nor do they have the rough texture of the 3M kind. I already went through 2 pair of stickers in two months. Just save yourself some time and money and buy the originals.
I had a very avid chewer in my house and these were decimated within a few days. Disappointed.
use fakespot.com to analyze the quality of the reviews after I purchased the product. It is full of unreliable feedback
Worked great used it every night for 3 weeks then the wheel that fired l forces the mist out quit working and it just soaked my nightstand so i threw it out had some great features like auto shut off and super quiet not great quality
doesn't work just made a sound in ears. ear wax never came out. try for better product..
Stuff sucks was not effective at all
Great quality, perfect match to pic. However, this was supposed to serve when I first came home from hospital. Nope, it seemed forever in transport. By the time I received it I didn't need it. Very disappointing.
Great size for traveling, but it never seemed to keep the bugs away. It does repel ticks and we never had any tick problems, but at times we would spray what seemed to be half a bottle of this and the Mosquitoes just kept coming.
The soap seems like it does its job by removing all stains on my stainless steel pots. But this weird smell that was left behind took me off. After one use on all of my pots, I am hesitating on using this product because it feels so strong and unnatural, I am a little concerned about using it again. If you used this, I would recommend you rinse it through and load it with water and few spoons of baking soda and boil the water to take out any of the remaining soap.
These gummies have a terrible texture and taste. I'm forcing myself to take them because I hate to throw away money but it's a real struggle every day.
The idea of this is adorable. The rose gold is perfect. However, I assumed these balloons would work with helium. They don't. They are too heavy. I wouldn't have bought them had I of known this.
I would give these a better review but the description says fingerless and mine came in as full gloves.
terrible taste, I almost can't bear swallowing it once it hits your tongue, must be the vegetarian capsule smelling. I would not buy this brand again.
Tastes pretty bad. BUT still drinking it because...KETO.
The thermometer takes a while to read your temp and has no back light. Not an easy thermometer to use first thing the morning in the dark.
These are beautiful but the glue will not last. You may have to use super glue if you plan to keep them long term.
Bought the L/XL and found it too tight for my legs. It fit my wife but she didn't need it.
I haven't seen much results after using the prescribed dosage
Didn't like this. Returning. Too slippery, I already broke one ankle and I can't afford to break the other leg also by using this slippery junk.
Are comfortable and feel good. The only problem is the split and develop hole to easily for the price.
This was super thin and very very hard to attempt to decorate with. Ended up just using it as a table centerpiece because it was way too complicated to hang up. If your looking for something to put stuff in, this isn't the right product for you.
I think I might have received a bad batch. I normally buy this from Grove. Co. I was out and prime is awesome so I ordered on Amazon and this came barely scented and lumpy, like 3x the thickness it should be. I ordered a bottle from Grove and bought one at Publix and compared to this bottle and there is a 100% difference in the consistency, scent, and overall appearance. If I had received a good one, I would have given it five stars.
One of the few products purchased from Amazon I would not buy again. The boxes were flimsy and very difficult to fit together.
Not the best product, but it gets the job done, when it works. At times it randomly fluctuates 100 degrees, literally. When that happens I have to keep unplugging it, plugging it back in and waiting to see if that fixed it. Sometimes I have to do that multiple times and hope it works. It's functional, but I give this 2 stars because this could completely break at any minute, since it's half broken already.
Havent taken the pills long enough to see if they work truthfully considering they usually take time to build up in the system but in do feel more with it when taking them but unfortunately I've got a lot of capsules that have been empty so not even going to have a full months supply when all is said and done
Product arrived quickly, but one of the bottles was open and spilled all over. Returned and reordered and same thing. Bummer!
It's personally too small for me. The clitoral stimulator didn't touch where it was supposed to and it died halfway through the first use with new batteries. I gave it two stars because the vibration is strong.
I don't think the coconut oil is working well with my skin, I wish it was tho.
Syrup leak from the cap and on the box.
Just expensive stuff that sticks to the side of the cup and gets washed down the drain. It doesn't dissolve and just sticks to the tea bag or side of the cup so maybe 1/2 of it is actually being drunk. OK in smoothies
Balm thickness and quality is good. Not greasy or runny. Conditions beard well. Scent not so much. Hints of porta-potty. Luckily it does not last long.
So far so good. I've been buying it for 3 months and my husband and myself take it. But it's ridiculous how it went from $13 to $30 a bottle. What happened???? It's too much of an increase. It's more than doble. I won't be buying this anymore.
These worked great at first but after wearing them a few nights they started falling out of my husband's nose and he is back to keeping me awake all night! UGH! I had high hopes for these!
Do not notice one bit of help with this product:(
Definitely not as powerful as advertised. And the bulb really is too big.
Probably the worst razors I have used in a decade. Dollar Shave Club is a tiny bit better, Harry's is a lot better.
Not bad I just dont care for these
The main problem with this "hand massager" that it doesn't separate the fingers, so it can't hit a single important pressure point. All it does it put heavy pressure on the top and bottom of the hand, which doesn't provide any practical relief. The pressure is also painfully-heavy, but not in a good way. It doesn't help with any reduction of carpel tunnel syndrome. I end up just not using it and instead continue asking my wife to massage my hand.
Wouldn't have bought it if I had known that each tab is packaged separately.
I am assuming the pills contain what they are advertised to but the capsules leaves much to be desired. It is a very cheap 2 piece coating that must leak. The bottle came filled with white powder.
I read that pumpkin scent is a very popular scent. Since my wife loves pumpkin pie I figured she will like this. The scent is fairly close to pumpkin when you actual put it up to your nose but not exact. However, when it is plugged in and starts to diffuse or whatever the term is it becomes extremely chemical smelling. That chemical smell is very off-putting. In addition, it has this underlying burnt smell to it. We have it set at the 2nd lowest setting. We will not be buying this again.
I liked this product but it stopped holding a charge/stopped charging after using it once a week for about a year. I'm possibly expecting too much but I just thought I would share my experience.
The scent is wonderful! Soap is ok, but very thin. We are going through this really fast. I bought this as an eco-friendly alternative to the liquid soap we were using. I was very disappointed: The bottles are very thick plastic, I can't find concentrated refills, the soap is thin so we use up the bottles faster and they each have a big plastic pump on top (instead of 1 pump and 2 regular caps). Waste, waste, waste!
The Matcha was amazing but they put too much Stevia so EXTREMELY Sweet, I feel like my teeth are going to fall out! I would NOT purchase again. I'm buying my own ingredients and mixing myself. Too bad a nice simple scoop would have been nice...
Not as comfortable as I had hoped.disappointed
It's easy to use and can remove the lint. After removing the lint, my cloth looks and touches like the new one. However, you must put your cloth very very very flat and tight when this machine on it or the machine will hurt the cloth because the knife of the machine is very shape, and the design of this machine has something wrong. Before you use this on your expensive dress, you have to do many practices on inexpensive cloth, such as rag or a towel, and make sure that you are familiar this machine or this machine will damage your cloth with making many small holes on the cloth.
It doesn't continue to operate until the medication is gone. It keeps shutting itself.
Package did not come with wax beads.
This TINY humidifier works well but don't be misled. The original humidifier that I was looking at had been discontinued and I was redirected to this one, which looks better similar to the first I had ordered last month. The price was slightly higher than the one I'd ordered, which we love. However, the original holds 1.5 happiness and runs for a couple days before needing refilled. This cost more and holds only 0.5 gallons. After running it at moderate rate for 6 hours it was completely dry. This does not hold up to our needs in the mountain desert of Colorado. The item is not returnable but fortunately Amazon customer service is spectacular and they issued a refund anyway so I could go to Walmart and purchase the large size.
I should have heeded the ratings, these strips seem excessively long, I always buy the large strips with no issues, these don't do a thing for, I might as well put a piece of tape over my nose. I really wanted to contact the seller before writing a crappy review but there was no option for that route. Perhaps it is because I am using my iPad it could be the website doesn't show all the options. In any case I am returning these.
Not very comfy when worn with shoes & the toe separator does not stay put. Great concept, just needs perfecting.
The quality of these is poor. While I was able to cut them to size, they didn't provide any relief for my feet. No shock absorption at all.
Disappointed because I was excited to try these bars after the great reviews. was sent an expiring box where the bars are too tough to chew. Unfortunately, I cannot return or replace even though I received the order today. I have no idea how not old bars would taste....
I have been trying to get Amazon to get me the the info to do a claim under warranty and nobody can help me, this is disapointed
Purchased for my Mom. Fit wonderfully but developed a hole after one short wear. Easy to return though and got my refund quickly.
Fell apart in less than a month.
I returned this item because the straps were cheap and the whole brace was way to bulky for me.
I would not buy these in bulk again because too many of the batteries are defective.
I took this for a few days and it made me severely sick each time I took it. I wasn't taking any other medicines or supplements, so I can only assume it was this supplement. I discontinued use and feel better. Unfortunately will be throwing it away.
I still didn't received it. It is taking too long
I don't know if product is old and been sitting around warehouse too long, but both bottles are the softner is very think like paste. Clogging my dispenser in washing machine.
I Saw no change sorry
I purchased this item in hopes that it could aid with the soap scum, and mildew buildup in my shower, and not even that much simply regular maintenance. It is not strong enough to even bother using, compared to plain old elbow grease. Not too much more to say, it's non effective for the job I needed help with.. Two stars are a gift, for delivery speed.
It has not arrived as of yet?? No tracking?
Just received. May return . No directions and determine how to locate usb or controls. If you are seeing this can someone please tell me how to access the controls.
Was an okay machine while it was working. Pads stop being sticky after a few uses. Not very multi-use. Probably wouldn't recommend.
It does not work very well. I had a guy scrubbing with that stuff in my 3 year old fireplace for 2 hours with very little results to show for it.
It's alright, but it does move in the chair.
Sending it back..I wanted to like it but it's a no.you can see the tracks in the back and it's way too shiny .i know you can dull the shine with powder but the thinness I can't do .the color is bomb and the cut is cute ..I'm so mad I have to send it back!!
Too large to swallow
You can use it anywhere your muscles ache but it doesn't have a light setting, it goes from hard to painful.
I only gave it 2 stars because I couldn't take them long enough to determine if they were making a difference. My face had a severe break out and I noticed my skin was itching about a week after starting this supplement. I stopped taking the pills and within a couple days everything was back to normal. I'm disappointed because I was hopeful, but it just isn't the right product for me.
Just didn't work for her
Have seen a very slight increase in energy but too soon to tell if it's worth the price.
I normally love the Quest Cookies and Cream bars, but these are 6 months past the "best by" date. I decided to risk it and keep them because I don't have access to these where I live and I didn't want to wait. When I tried one, it was noticeably darker in color, stale, and dry. Why not check the date before sending these out? So disappointing! :(
I use this sound machine every night and for the first 2.5 months there were no problems. Now we are having glitchy issues. When I go to turn it on before bed, the light is on but no sound. We press all the buttons and we hear a quick distortion intermittently but eventually it works. Frustrating to say the least. Should just turn on and remember the most recent setting. It started to happen a week ago and now again last night. So we think it may be starting to break down.
Used it for 2 months and its broken
It said 12 to 18 patches, on my 13th patch my skin became very irritated. I now have a square pattern on my skin where I had applied the patch
Only giving 2 stars because i received a partially opened safety seal. Outer seal was in tact, inner seal was not! I have not tried the vitamins because they may have been tampered with. Fast shipping as always.
I'm very unhappy with this price. I need b 12 monthly & I can't afford this monthly. This is very expensive to purchase each month. Very dissatisfied with this extreme price. High quality however after mortgage, utilities and groceries there not enough for monthly extras that are individually expensive
Worked great for about 2 weeks I have changed the filter and still no good
I see a lot of good reviews, I mostly agree with what people are saying about the good taste. My only downside with this product is that its very chalky compared to other products, for that reason I will not buy this a second time.
$7.99 is a pretty high price for 2 sheets of 20" x 30" paper, but I really wanted the paper for a special gift, so I got it anyway. The condition this paper came in was ATROCIOUS. Someone haphazardly folded it over twice and shoved it into a flimsy padded envelope, so there are crooked wrinkles all over it. It wasn't UPS's fault -- the thing would have fit into the envelope with no folding, but whoever put it in there just folded it like an old piece of homework. Will not buy from this vendor again.
The Adhesive Bandages aren't stay on for long. Even without getting them wet, they would lose grip and fall.
I received the powder instead of capsules. It tastes awful.
Not worth even a buck.
I love scott brand because it lasts forever and it doesn't have that lint or stuff that comes off other tp or tissue. This kind however goes just as fast as any other kind. Ill stick with my regular scott from now on! I bought because it was on sale but now I'll end up spending more money because it goes so quick. I received 2 maybe 3 days ago and I'm already through a half a pack...I'm the only female in the household. Regular scott I'd still be on my 1st roll!
It is hard to turn on and doesn't hold a charge. The company is very helpful and quick to help with replacement
Gave me rather painful gas
It is very flimsy and surely its goes-around wire does not hold up to look like a full perfect circle as in the picture at all. The front part held up kinda ok but the back part is very weak, it keep flipping down which in turn pour down those cuts hairs. This would be a great & useful invention if it been make more sturdier
My feet aren't that big and these socks don't cover my feet very well. Plus the socks are very thin. I purchased some dark blue diabetic socks I wear to work and was hoping for similar socks. Nope. These white socks didn't even cover my ankles. Better luck next time for me.
It is much bigger than the size.
I have purchased several of these. The new carbon filter is worthless. You can see through it thus particulates get to the main filter too fast. Within two weeks I noticed the main filter already turning brown. I had replacement carbon filters and used them. They are 10X better than the new ones.
It could be better. Doesn't really get much out.
Bought these because the reviews said they won't leak at night however they do leak horribly especially since the person I bought it for is a side sleeper and bed ridden we change this constantly so it wasn't because there was anything on it it just tends to leak on the side we had to use pad protection on top of this but what is the point of buying bed pads and these diapers
Noticed very minimal scar reduction.
Good as a gag for someone avoiding hearing assist investment. Does not stay on ears. Does not improve hearing. Hands work better and won't fall off.
Bought these for me,I work at restaurants,on my feet 11 hours a day.lasts about 2 weeks,and that's it!after 2 weeks,unfortunately needs to replace new one to make it work!
does not have the "give" of most latex pillows, too hard
Doesn't keep track of your steps if your phone isn't constantly connected, and you have to refresh it all the time to get the app to update. Some of the heart rate monitoring functions are difficult to use and sometimes don't work at all. Returned and am trying a better brand .
In taking off the top plastic to open the lid the whole label with attached and came off so we don't have that as a reference kind of a hassle
I love the fact they are organic, but they are so thin, not wide enough and short, they do not work for my needs. Gave them away.
Noise cancellation was great. However, the material of the ear plugs made my ears so sweaty they were uncomfortable to wear all night. I sometimes would take them out in my sleep due to the itchiness caused by the sweat. Or I would try to scratch my ears while I was sleeping and end up pushing the ear plug way too far into my ear canal.
I have had this brace for about two weeks and the stitching that holds the metal wrist retainer has ripped already. the metal bar consequently slides out of position and up into the hand to the point that it gouges my palm with the bare metal. Other than that, it worked fine for the first two weeks in relieving the carpal tunnel discomfort. Better design or workmanship would make this an excellent product.
These oils do not seem as strong as other brands that I have purchased in the past. They are supposed to be pure without any carrier oils, but don't have strong enough scents for me to believe that. Also, they were carelessly packaged and every glass eyedropper was shattered upon arrival. Won't purchase again.
The pad works as intended. But, after 2 months of daily use the control mechanism started to emit a high pitched "cricket" buzzing sound. I contacted the vendor who promised to send me a return label, and that they volunteered to replace it, and now 2 weeks later, they have not followed through with their promise. I could not return it via Amazon policies as the return date was long passed. Terribly disappointed.
never recieved the item. Seller was going to send me a replacement - and I never received them
Keeps coming apart interrupting progress. Hurricane scrubber is better and doesn't interrupt service.
These oils hardly smell like anything I had to use like half the bottle in my diffuser and still barely had a smell. I was hoping to like these because of the price but they're not good. 2 stars because they weren't expensive.
Product was what I wanted, large enough for all of my supplements, unfortunately the lid for Friday arrived broken. I used sim packaging tape to rescue it and away I went on my trip. If I had more time I would have returned it, and I know Amazon would have replaced.
Did not fit. I am average height and weight and the straps are not long enough to wrap around size 38 bust .
Would have given this 5 stars but sadly the Velcro has stopped working. Just bought this belt a month ago. Had been recommending to all my pregnant friends because when it works, it does its job.
Didn't clean too well. Left residue on clothes too.
I only use Huggies and thought the "cool and learn" might help my daughter want to use the big girl potty more. She loved the minnie mouse design but it gave her a rash. I'll just keep using Huggies Slip On.
Poor quality. Did not bend around nostrils very well
I took this product as directed but saw no difference whatsoever. No side effects but no good effects either. They refunded the money very promptly though. For that, I am thankful.
Had I rated this after the first two boxes, this would have received a rave 5-star review. The bags were great and the pads were most absorbent I had yet to find. Boxes 3-5 ... actually checked to make sure it was the same manufacturer. Leaks, holes where the tie should be, bags not closing, ties snapping. The pad is pretty much worthless. I won't be giving them another chance.
Good idea, but the sock was not wide enough to fit over my boot and the elastic didn't reach the back. (I had a size medium boot).
This does the job just fine, but the taste really is pretty gross. The closest thing I can approximate it to is pepto bismol (it shares the color too!). Hard pass.
product good as stated packing was about the worst I ever seen and I use to work for a major freight company in usa this was as I say terriable last time ordering
Helps but daughter hates the taste
It just didn't help me at all. My old collar was better but was no longer any good. Thank you any way. It just didn't fit me right. It was very tight and hurt me.
So happy to have found eco friendly stuff for a birthday party that would have created way too much water. Unfortunately they package the products like garbage and this is how my items were delivered.
The number "1" had a hole so it would not inflate. I had to buy another one from Party City. The confetti ballons did not hold the helium.
I will be returning this item.Unfortunately, it was too puffy/bulky for Mother's wheelchair. She was so uncomfortable and looked as if she would fallout. Also, box arrived torn and in poor condition.
I felt like it didn't taste a grassy as I'm used to. I usually buy Pur Planet Just Barley but they were all out, so I bought this one. It didn't mix very well and it was grainy in my mouth. Won't buy again.
Leaves a dry and unclean sense in your skin. There are better products in the market.
The product is fine. The taste is good (though I think Nature's Bounty is just as tasty at a fraction of the price). I can't speak to its effects yet, as I haven't had it long, though I haven't noticed a difference in energy or anything when I use it. One issue I have is the nonstop emails (which I can turn off) since ordering. It's annoying but controllable. But somehow since ordering, they have gotten my phone number, and now I'm getting texts...at 11 o'clock at night. I don't know how they got my personal phone number, but I'm disappointed with Amazon and this company now.
They are comfortable and seem well built. I waited awhile to review so i could give them a good trial. Comfort wise they are excellent. Then after about 3 weeks they started squeaking and it has gotten worse. I wanted to be surprised by the great reviews but i suspect most review right away as initially they are excellent but in a short period the you get what you pay for rears it's ugly head.
Is not working that much for my daughter who's 5years old,finished a bottle and my daughter still have the cough
I took this for about 5-6 days and my supply definitely increased but it made my baby who is normally so chill incredibly fussy. It seemed to give her terrible tummy troubles, where she would just scream after feeding . I am solely breast feeding and was hoping to increase my supply simply to build my storage for her when I go back to work. I've since stopped taking it and am going to increase my pumping sessions instead. After going off for one day my baby is already so much calmer and more comfortable after feeding. I don't recommend taking this if you're only breast feeding. I'd make oatmeal cookies and stay incredibly hydrated while pumping 2-3x a day in addition to breastfeeding to avoid a fussy and gassy little one.
These seem nice when I first put them on. They band at the top seems a little tight at first, but no problem. Then as I start to walk around, they keep slipping down and will not stay up at all. They seem like they are good quality, but if they don't stay up and keep sliding down to my knees, they are useless to me.
You have to assemble this entire thing yourself, it takes hours. You have to needle and thread the happy birthday sign and cut all the letters out of felt by yourself. It was a nightmare. I almost ran late for my sons party because this took so much time, I would have done it the night before it I realized this.
Took almost two weeks to receive the product.
Might want to try Aloe Vera instead to soften beard hair
Loved the concept but was so uncomfortable. I put them on and then put on a pair of regular sneakers. After wearing for about 2 hours, this is what my feet looked like. The gel edges dug into my skin. Then I tried wearing them with loose slippers but when I did that, the gel sleeves would role up or off. Wish I could return these as they are going into the trash instead. Save your money as they cause more problems than what you might be trying to solve!!
Well made but personally I found the rim of the penis where it meets the shaft very uncomfortable upon insertion. Too unyielding and a bit painful with no give on this part when inserting and withdrawing.
Huggies mover is the best and more Power absorption for long time
Product is ok. Is very loud and the shell falls off easily dropping the batteries. Had bought for my son but with the batteries falling out all the time,can't give it to him. To bad.
The listed ingredients list under safety info is NOT the same as the actual ingredients. I was looking for a lube without glycerin which wasn't listed in the ingredients but is on the bottle. I'm sure it's a great lube but glycerin isn't helpful for people prone to yeast infections.
When it arrived it was completely crushed. The tops were in a million pieces and pills all over the bag. I have bought these before and had no problems. This shipment was in a bag and all others were shipped in a box.
Hurts my hands as I try to use them
I been taking Collagen Peptides in my coffee daily for almost a month. I understood it may help with arthritic pain, skin elasticity, and hair & nail strength. I have not seen an improvement but it has only been one containers worth.
Just got my package. Item was not sealed (No exterior seal), lid came cracked and appears to have been opened by someone? Interior seal appears to have been removed as it came right off instead of me having to remove it. Wtf?
Smelled like it was rancid. Not sure if it was stored correctly.
Not working as great as though from reading reviews. Works great in Sunday School. At home pick up all background noise and get a lot of static. If 2 TVs are going I get noise from both and cannot really hear the one I am trying to listen to. Would not recommend for the purpose of trying to hear.
I've had a yeast infection for roughly 6 months now and I've tried 3 different kinds of boric acid suppositories and none of them have worked for me.. I used one for 2 weeks straight and it didn't do anything. I use this when I feel the symptoms get a little worse but I don't think it does anything, can yeast gain an immunity to boric acid? I don't think so.. ineffective
I tried this product out based on the positive reviews and couldn't be more disappointed. Started with one scoop as recommended and didn't get anything out of it. Went up to two servings and maybe felt a little energy/ focus but overall not worth the price.
My kids didn't like the taste. They're not picky eaters and my youngest two literally spit out the gummies. My older son swallowed it but I've resorted to taking them so they don't go to waste.
Item came missing the mouth piece but otherwise cute....
They look great but I can't seem to find the right fit between the two sizes they sent me. I am considering going back to simple foam expanders. The last concert I went to I spent the next day with my ears ringing.
Ordered these for an 80s themed party. They did the job but were pretty small and some had the corners ripped on them. Expensive for what they were.
While it performs as advertised I ordered a medium and the box said medium and the Brace is XL not eligible for return
Three of my compartments will not stay closed so when I travel I have to put this container in a bag so my pills will fall in there.
Cute pattern, no idea which way back or front. These don't have the side panels that you can snap back on so if there is an accident you have to completely undress kiddo for a change. I will say they do hold up for accidents and can hold a fair amount of pee. Not as easy to pull up or down as Huggies either and if your kiddo has any kind of actual tush these will not fit well. They do not run true to size at all so size up.
I got this to help a friend who is transitioning (he felt to embarrassed to buy this) to help elongate his clit. He said it keep falling off and didn't work, so I am going to try and find a better grade. As a social worker, I work with clients who are becoming sexually active and work with them on safe sex and self stimulation. This product was also package so poorly the box was falling apart. Won't get this again.
Have had this for almost 2 months and have only used it once. We keep it in the freezer, of course, and the other day my daughter just opened the freezer door and this fell off the top inside shelf of the freezer (not the door, but actually inside the freezer) and the end busted wide open and the clay that's inside these things got all over the floor! It should not have busted wide open like that just from falling out of the freezer! Obviously it is too late to return and I am very disappointed in this product. I definately do Not recommend this product!
Did not work for me at all. something in it seems to keep me from falling asleep. I will go back to using straight Valerian drops which do work for me; when I can't fall asleep, I'll get up & use a 1/2 dropper of Valerian & hold under my tongue & it works quickly. (Natural tip: the best thing I have found for insomnia is to simmer catnip from my herb garden into a tea & drink before bedtime).
Though soft and absorbent, these towels create layers of white dust underneath where ever the paper towel holder is. For us, this was over our black counter top. They would be a great choice if not for the mess.
Product made no difference in overall health.
This is a walmart brand. Better off ordering from Walmart
These do not go on easily and do not fit many bowls
I buy Dixie brand because I think they are the best. This time that was not the case. About half of the plates were cut and pressed wrong so they had a huge overhang that looked terrible and made it harder to keep food on the plate. The half that were done correctly were the great quality I'm used to.
This quit charging and working after a month.
not strong enough; too expensive for "fair" pain relief
Did not work for my son at all. Made his behaviors worse.
It's like cleaning with water .. not impressed at all.
Large quantity but caused constipation. Stool softeners are highly recommended with this brand.
Used it on various laundry stains (food, blood) and it doesn't get them out on the first wash like the Clorox or Shout stain removers do. I was quite disappointed as I prefer to use natural products, but in this case it isn't better since you have to waste more water and laundry soap washing an item a second time. You're better off getting the stain out the first time even if it means using chemicals. Hopefully they can improve their formula to get most stains out the first time (I tried it on fresh stains not old ones)
Not sure if our kid has odd sized arms but he was able to still get his thumb in his mouth while asleep
Whisper quiet? Nope. I could not sleep in the same room with this thing while it was running. So it's basically collecting dust now. When refilling the water tank, it is impossible not to spill water on the floor because the tank has so many crevices that it's dripping all the way to the kitchen where I'd fill it up. The thing on top of the tank that looks like a convenient carrying handle? Isn't. It even says on it because I guess enough people had their water tanks crash to the floor when the "handle" came unglued. This means that you have to carry it both ways with two hands, while it's dripping all over the place. Well, mostly on your clothes, at that point. Everything else is exactly as described. It makes mist, lots of it, shame it can't do so quietly. Not sure how to contact the manufacturer, guess call their customer service?
The benefit of taking this is good but I couldn't get past the past of fresh dirty or Peat moss. I tried putting it in juice and still no better. I ended up throwing it out. I'll stick with Natural Sunshine Chlorophyll, it tastes like mint.
I got these because someone told me cayenne was good for weight loss, like, helping metabolism, so I added them to my daily regimen. First time I took one on an empty stomach which is a huge major mistake! It burns so bad in my gut. If I take with food it still burns but it's bearable. Also, once I made the mistake of taking two on a full stomach and it was the worst pain ever. So, take one only, with food; though I haven't noticed any improvements or changes in my health or wellness since taking these, so maybe just don't take them at all.
I prefer the original. This product causes my blood pressure to drop when I sit up from the bench or stand up, where the original/ plain does not.
The product feels decent but smells terrible! I would not purchase again.
I like the product. Just one bad thing on this buy. The measuring cup was broken. I noticed this when dust scattered all over my sink. Hope this is a one time thing. Will still buy again.
These gel sole inserts are not bad, but are similar in quality to a generic brand sold here on Amazon (although the generic brand did get smellier). Both brands provided some support but it was minimal. Years ago I had a very comfortable pair of Dr Scholl's sneakers, and even after the shoe got old I was able to reuse the gel sole inserts with other shoes. Those inserts were medium thick--providing excellent support, so durable--quality did not diminish over the years, and did not smell after years of use. I am still looking to find sole inserts like those from years past...
Doesn't stick. Yes I did follow the directions. Pain in the butt to flatten out when it comes in.
Let me start of by saying this product is NOT BAD. It is good and does what it needs too. The only negative to is the ice packs do not stay cold long. So for my son who had all 4 wisdom teeth out. The pacts lasted 10 minutes if that and took almost 2 hours to get a good freeze/cold to them or they would not last at all for time wise. Heat we have not tried yet. As for comfort and what it was suppose to do excellent on that!! Company just needs to update the ice packs.
fit was ok..looses a little, didnt like the rubber on them..sleeve part too long, needed them shorter.
Cute but doesn't really work. They need to improve their production and quality. When you click the middle button, it doesn't always work, it gets stuck. The lid sometimes opens and the pills pop out. It is also small, so not a lot of pills fit in the compartments. I would just recommend buying a tradition normal pill organizer.
My kids did not like them at all.
I ordered this for a friend of mine and for me. We both had upset stomachs with taking it and tried it for at least a week.
Can't figure out how to use them
it smells like burn plastic. I return it as soon as I open it.
I would love to review higher, but after about 1/2 dozen uses my son's hair just folds over the blades? I have no idea why? I've adjusted the gear, I even tried sharpening them. I'm not a professional barber.. What is going wrong? First few times it worked great, now wont cut! Any help would be great.
My Dad's PT recommended this item who had a massive stroke. The shipment arrived on time and nicely packaged. The cane is good quality and it appears as is described on Amazon, however, it was shaky and not stable. We ensured that the tips are equally inserted, didn't make a difference. Then replaced them with a pack of tips that I bought along with it, still wasn't sturdy and stable. It's a real disappointment and will be returning it.
Too tight on my face and irritates my eyes
You have to take this to a professional I'm assuming because this does NOT adhere itself. I went and ordered another set
I wore these for a week doing different activities. They're much smaller compared to other compression sizes and I even got a large - I am 5'1 and 125 lbs. They're okay for non-intensive activity but if you're moving around a lot (for example, jogging or HIIT workouts, they tend to roll down at the top. So, not a fan of the material. This causes constriction and poor circulation - and doesn't breathe well for me. Probably best for stretching, stationary (for pain), light exercises or warm ups.
It did not smell like sandalwood.
Very disappointed. They leave streaks everywhere.
I tried a bottle of it but nothing much changed...
Not as tasty and effective as other brands.
Stale; every time I buy protein bars off Amazon they are stale. When I buy them in the store I love them, but they were hard as rocks when they arrived. Yuck.
Heating feature is a nice addition but falls short of adequate, a nice variety of vibe modes but even fully charged it lacks strength and stamina. The only real good feature is the magnetic charging system.
The material in the middle looks like white plastic sheeting. Worked for what we need though.
Difficult for my grandmother to push in a straight line and the pointed feet get caught in EVERY CRACK on the ground string her off course, I should have returned it while I could, also not very lightweight.
Not for me. Only for expensive jewelry .
Not worth the price.
The pads are hard and don't conform to the curves in my back. I thought they would be soft material.
Very cheaply made, I knew it wasn't a Zippo but would have been better off spending the extra money for one.
Way over priced!!! Would not purchase again! Ripoff!!
Unfortunately this did not work for me. In fact, after using for a few days, it made me feel worse. Ears felt plugged and I experienced dizziness. I stopped taken and tried something different. I started feeling better, but sinuses started acting up again so I decided to give this another try. I thought maybe it was me and the dizziness, I had experienced, had nothing to do with this product. Nope...this time in just a few hours my ears started to plug up and again I experienced dizziness. Product went in the trash. :(
I liked the width but it flattened too much and the sides ripped off after a couple of weeks. :( maybe a better heavy duty pillowcase would help.
So far it seems to be an effective product.
Too small plus most was broken even the boxes
I have fine and not much hair. I was hoping this would help, but didn't work well for me. Made my hair looks worse. Maybe this would work for people with much thicker hair.
I was disappointed as i got to the bottom of the bottle and i started noticing that their was krill oil all over the bottle and the capsules.
The tablets are too small, requiring 6 a day! The slim tabs are best and require only 3 a day. Otherwise, New Chapter calcium is a very good product that I use regularly.
blah. no noticeable effect. was expecting CBD.
I have no idea why most of the reviews claim that these bars taste good, they have a horrible taste; only good thing about them is the macros. I wouldn't recommend getting them.
Lancet is defective.
Gummies arrived all melted together
1 star for good product and works...another star because it contains 5 types of collagen. I docked 3 stars because the bottle contained a lot of cracked and broken capsules. Not sure if I would buy this again unless they improve the capsules.
These did not stay in place as advertised and after one washing any sticky they had on the bottoms disappeared.
I first saw these in Dicks sporting good and was obsessed but this was not as good quality as the ones I've seen in stores. Not as smooth is the best way to put it.
The idea of the product is good, but the magic tape's performance is poor. The seller sent me the second one but still has the same problem. I couldn't return the second one. To me, the product is useless for me right now.
There are better products than this for Lyme
Did not work for me. Took it just as recommended with no results, no change. May work for someone else.
If I saw this in a store, I would not have paid $50 for it. It's small and, despite being a simple design, it was also a pain in the ass to assemble. Slats are a little sharp, shelf not real enough to store shampoo. Disappointed.
Great product. Fit well, but two of them had the Velcro come loose at the seem within weeks.
I found these to not be as pictured. The gel is not stiff enough to keep your big toe in line, and the spacer between the two toes is not wide enough to make the big toe straighten out. Don't waste your money on this. Putting some cotton or felt material between your toes would work better.
I must have got a bad batch, normally I LOVE amino fuel. This time it was much thicker, and stronger than ever before, it was less of a liquid and more of a goo. Almost like they didn't add water or the batch was just bad. I only gave it two stars because normally this product is great and it's the first time it let me down.
Actually made my heel hurt more, felt better without it after testing it on different trial days
I ordered the purple glide balls but received the gray ones. Very disappointed!
Scratches very easily
I can't say if it works because I could not stomach the taste or after taste. Make it drinkable and I can offer a better review.
They kept my son's stinky feet from being overwhelmingly stinky but they kept bunching up every time he would run. Tossing them.
These batteries do not hold a charge for very long. Terrible.
The neck wrap is very heavy and all the fill falls to the bottom of the wrap reducing the coverage you get.
I love these, now I don't have to wait for some to scratch an itch, I can do it myself. But one already broke.
The taste is hard to cover up unless it is hidden in cookies. It over powers most foods and smoothies.
I'm a believer in this product --- that's why I buy it! Amazon used to give the option of leaving packaging feedback and I was unable to find it on the order page. This (less than usual) rating is strictly about the packaging, not the product. Five bottles where placed in a box with absolutely no padding of any kind. They rolled around when I picked the package up and all I could say was "uh, O!" Sure enough, one of the bottles leaked. Who does the packing? Might want to re-train them. UPDATE: Two hours later. We were putting these away in our supply cabinet and my wife showed me that TWO bottles were leaking. VERY UNSATISFACTORY!
They sent the wrong scent in a beat up package.
Didn't like the smell
I like the product. Great for my very thick curly hair. BUT this was very poorly packaged in a box too large for the item. The kids were taped down, but tape does no good if the lid is not screwed on the bottle. 1/2 the liquid had spilled out in the bag it was packaged in. I also did not like that this seller does not reveal who they really are; which is Walmart. I could have bought this at my local Walmart for less. The seller did promptly approve my return. I'm still waiting on the refund to process.
To be honest l am not so happy with this. Maybe they are effective blocking the blue rays but it looks blurry when you read up close. I think they are effective to watch TV but not to read. I'm going to try buying other transparent glasses.
I tried with both of the screen protectors to get the fingerprint sensor to read, but neither of them worked! Changed the fingerprint sensor setting, and adjusted the protector itself multiple times. Yeah it's protected, but if the fingerprint portion won't work.. what's the point? The circle portion is tacky looking.. going with a glue on, what a pain.
The color of Turmeric in my second order is different. It is lighter Turmeric color, and does not smell the same. I think it is a lower quality Turmeric
It came well packaged and on time. Very uncomfortable even with the soft covers on though.
Zip seal on package won't seal First time I've had an issue
Great price on these, but sadly 2 leaked in transit so I ended up with about 3 bottles instead of 4
I haven't noticed anything different in a positive way for me (better sleep or any weight loss) in the 10 days that I've been taking this product. I have noticed it is harsher on my stomach and intestines for sure in the morning when I wake up. My boyfriend, however, has been taking them too and he has lost 11 lbs. We both have changed our eating patterns for the better and exercise. I haven't noticed anything on the positive side but he has. I'm willing to stick with it a few more days. He'll probably stick with it much longer.
Not an accurate thermometer
It dident work like the one in the stores do
Took for 3 months and no change. Maybe I need to give it more time, but didn't seem to work for me.
Not sturdy enough for any weight. Collapses too easy.
I bought these to see if I was in ketosis and the color the strip came out was not even listed on the comparison chart. It was a completely different color. I don't think they are very accurate.
Most of my bottles of polish will not fit. I was expecting the material to be more pliable.
Worked well for awhile, but now the button is sticky and it is making a rattling noise. We have several of the classic version, which have worked great for several years. I will be swapping out for that one. The sticky button issue happened right away, but the rattling happened much later.
The Moss didn't even cover the clear backing. It had a lot of bald spots.
The capsules leak and there is fish oil coating on product and hands.
Looks and feels well made. Fits comfortably and has a strong but controllable vibration. Problem is, the big feature for me was the wireless control and unfortunately the Bluetooth connection (as some others have reported) is not reliable. Seemed very promising when I tested it, but in actual use it repeatedly disengaged, which really ruined everything. Unless you do not intend to use the remote features, not recommended.
Labels never printed the template that was sent for download never worked...
Took these for 10 days and nothing. No bad side effects but also no decreased appetite or extra energy. Wouldn't purchase again.
These are gloves, but tear easier than other brands. I recommend looking for sturdier ones.
I was excited to purchase this because I just started a smoothie cleanse/diet, but I feel no extra energy or suppression of appetite. I'm disappointed in the product.
This handheld massager is much heavier than I expected it to be. It is awkward to use and really is not very effective in my opinion. It has a button for speed but it really doesn't seem to make a difference what I push it all stays the same.
I was using a more expensive vitamin to help with hair and nail growth. My hair was growing fast and my nails were strong. I switched to these vitamins to save some money. I've almost finished my first bottle and my nails won't stop breaking! They are super short again and I can tell they aren't working like the last pills I took. Back to the $22 a month pills I guess. At least the flavor was good with these. That's the only reason I have them two stars.
vibration and the sound is too strong.I wish only the bristle vibrates and not the whole massager , not worth the price.
I'm very disappointed in the taste of this product, since the ingredients (and, crucially, dosages) are all spot-on. However, I found it took more willpower to actually drink this that it does to go to the gym in the first place. I bought the Green Apple flavor; I definitely had another flavor years ago and it wasn't this undrinkable, so maybe it's just this flavor that is a dud.
one of the bottle is leaking
Only used one so far, but makes me think this scar will never go away. :/
Very difficult to apply, unless there is another person to help wrap it around. And the ice pack inside is small. Doesn't chill a big enough area.
The smell only lasts for about 2 hours after putting it in liquid wax
They roll down my thigh and cause discomfort however every single thigh high I have used does this. Other than that the product is fine.
I dislike this item and would NOT recommend anyone buy this. When extended it NEVER stays extended and it constantly turns, so until they make it stay extended and stop the claw from turning when in use DO NOT BUY!! stick with the old one piece back scratcher.
Smaller than expected. My husband is a small man with a small calf and this boot barely fits.
Dislike the fact that the polish is small and looks half dried out will not buy again.
These straws are way too big for me. If you like the experience of putting a plumbing tube in your mouth, this is the way to go.
They were cheap so expectations were low, that said they were uncomfortable and didn't stay in place under my helmet when riding.
Made no difference. Taste was ok. Not buying again.
Does not remove hair well. Disappointed
Add clearly shows a hard plastic 24oz. container but they came in these crappy bags that tore and spilled 1/2 on my floor. Beware false advertising.
I was expecting something bigger. The picture shows a lady and I swear she has the item all the way over towards the camera and not directly centered at her neck base. I swear they used centimeters instead of inches to throw off people who aren't metric savvy! This is a gift so it hasn't been used yet. Will update later.
When changing a diaper u don't really have extra hands to try and get the butt cream out. I cannot believe how hard these tubes are to squeeze. The cream is good , once you get to it, but not worth the carpal tunnel syndrome that will come along with it 😩
Beautiful lighter expected I got someone else's lighter with the wrong name and the lighter didn't even work.
Overpriced its $4 bucks a can at Walmart!!!!!!
This had a minimal stickiness for me, then turned more like petroleum jelly on my upper lip. The greasiness would shape the mustache but there was little stickiness to hold it in shape.
So since I'm not stupid, I did a test patch on my arm to make sure that the cream worked and that I wasn't allergic or sensitive to it. The patch came away clean and smooth, and I was all set to use this stuff. I followed every direction, made sure to thoroughly exfoliate my face and all of that, but not only did the cream leave patches of stubble on my face, other areas were left red and raw. I had an important meeting that morning and had to scrape my usual razor over already tender skin, leaving me with nicks and abrasions where the cream had already damaged the skin. Your mileage can and will vary, but I'm never buying this stuff again.
The capsules are covered in powder. Some capsules are even cracked. Very poor manufacturing process. I'll be looking elsewhere for additional orders.
Our tub is moldy around the edges. I sprayed this and let it soak in and scrubbed. Then I sprayed it and immediately scrubbed. Mold stains are still there. Pro: it did get some of the bath crayon marks that I couldn't get off
I can't really say I noticed a bit of a difference while taking these vitamins. I went back to another brand I've used in the past due to the boost in energy and overall way I feel while taking them. I think vitamins are subjective because we all have different needs and each multivitamin is different. This isn't so much a review of the vitamin as it is more a review of my experience. What works for me may not work for you!
I took 3 capsules once a day for a month. I was told it takes a couple of weeks for them to build up in your system and start working. I never did feel turned on or more alert, or hormonally balanced. At the end of the month, I noticed discomfort I. The stomach and diarrhea. I quit taking them, but the symptoms persisted off and on, so I can't say that Maca Root was the cause. They may be good for you on an internal level, but I won't pay regularly for results I can't see or feel.
Hello .. Good evening! I bought 3 kits with you. I was strolling in Miami but I live in Brazil. Today I arrived in Brazil opened my packages and I felt injured. I was missing 5 packages in each bag. how will we work? thanks
They work well at first and last 2 days max. Then the adhesive melts and separates from the pad. The pad slides off and the goo remains on the glasses. I was willing to pay the outrageous price if they worked, but these are mighty expensive itty bitty stickers that have to be replaced every other day - in a year they would cost as much as the glasses. As another reviewer mentioned the edge can be uncomfortable.
No extra energy resulted after 1 month. Erection harder and thicker, however.
They leak everywhere. I thought it was just one of the bottles but it's all of them. Disappointing
Gave me leg and foot cramps
This vet tape is very stretchy and seems to slip more than some others I have used.
I really like this gloves but I have to give them 2 start now. I have them only for a month and one of the gloves already have a small hole. My hands get wet when I wash dishes.
They weren't what I thought they would be. Not comfortable, I should have looked for a different type of dr scholls foot relief
I've been using plastic covered diapers/briefs as far as I can remember, but thought I would give them a try. The absorbency was pretty good and I actually liked the cloth backed part of this diaper, as they didn't make noise while wearing them... however, I've had the entire tapes on the right side of the diapers (multiple times) rip right off.... I will never buy these again, waste of money when you can't use the ones that have the tapes gone.
SO BUMMED! I bought the woodland animals: owl, fox, raccoon and hedgehog. Okay these are stinking adorable but heads up... don't count on all of them not being defective. I was planning a baby shower and I ordered them in advance. I kept them in the packaging to make sure they stayed in good shape. I took them to Party City to have them blown up for the morning of the shower. When I went to pick them up, they told me the raccoon had a leak and wouldn't hold helium. So I had only 3 of the 4. I was so bummed. Obviously there was nothing I could do that morning to replace it. So here is my suggestion... Helium usually stays several days well so if you are going to get these and have Prime, get them blown up a few days in advance to ensure you have all four. If one or two are defective, let Amazon know but place your new order right away to get replacements with Prime in time. Or... If it's free returns, buy 2 sets and have one back up and just return the other set if you don't use. OR... you have just have money to blow, buy several sets. I wish I would have had a back-up plan. The raccoon one was my favorite one. Boo.
Although I hate negativity I feel honesty is important. I am truly heart broken these products did not do anything for me. I saw reviews and since I can not afford other expensive products I gave these a try. Nothing really negative to report just simply do anything for me. Took as directed and felt nothing and no change in measurements. Sorry to sound negative...I WANTED to work..just disappointed in money spent with no positive results to report
Out of the box: The green one works perfectly. The pink works about 5% of the time, for about one or two clicks, after messing with it. The orange doesn't work at all. I got them to hold my fancy knitting stitch markers. Too bad two of them are useless--I would love it otherwise.
Soaking every day, no peeling after almost 2 weeks...
I bought this to spice things up. It worked once and stopped. Try something else ladies.
It cut outs randomly. Its battery powered and for it to work I have to tap the battery in place.
Not impressed. Didn't notice any difference. Waste of money in my opinion.
Does nothing for me.
Just a basic foot powder.....more like baking soda, feels grainy on feet.
Doesn't do the job. Loses power very quickly.
The seamless hems of this item really bothered my skin for whatever reason. And some gaping happened near my nose. It's not a terrible product, but not up to my standards.
This is my first time ordering a beet root powder product so I do not have anything to compare against. I am dissatified with how the product arrived and I argue that this cannot be called 'powder'. I have large clumps in my bag that will not break up in a shaker bottle, as others have stated. I will not be ordering this again.
I'm really surprised by all the positive reviews. Here's my take. Yes, tastes good- star for that. Another star because I received an email after my order from the company and I thought that was a nice personal touch. That being said, I haven't noticed any difference between evenings I drink this tea and when I don't.
I purchased this product for it's cancer fighting claims. As a breast cancer survivor, reading about Curcumin and it's cancer fighting abilities was very convincing for me. Sadly, it doesn't work. My cancer came back after 1.5 years. Yes, I took this product every day for a year and a half. It's all hype.
It works but this second one in less than a month old n will not stay on... the sticky is gone!!
Unfortunately these glasses came with a large scratch in my sight path and I wasn't able to use them. I would have given them one star for that but they did come with a nice case and a cleaning cloth which was great for inexpensive glasses.
The bell part came without the sleeve, not satisfied at all; Will have to by it as a replacement part.
I love the material of this sister however it's very difficult to clean ceiling fans which was main reason I bought it. The mop itself swirls around and will not stay in position making extremely hard to clean blades on fan! Frustrating and difficult to dust when mop head swivels around. Will not buy again. Don't recommend customers to purchase this item.
Does not stay in place, slips forward. Better cushions on the market
I have worn a cup for 2 years and needed a new one. This one seemed smaller (which was what I wanted) and is which is great. Problem is the pull is so large and flat it sticks into me and is extremely uncomfortable. I will not be using again.
Did nothing for me. Nothing. Might of well of used olive oil.
Greasy, smelly. Not really.
It is small little,rolls,and,hard. I like that,there is,no tube but I prefer the 1000 sheet rolls,which are softer.
Unfortunately with massage equipment, you get what you pay for. I think I used this no more than 4 times and it doesn't support the weight of my clients head. Definitely not a professional piece of equipment and is sadly a piece of crap.
Not very good at all. Hard and kind of tasteless.
This was stupidly packed, put loose in a box with a case of dog food! I hope next time I order, it is properly shipped.
This didn't honestly help with my husband's snoring at all he used it for 4 nights, couldn't deal with it after said it felt annoying and kept waking him up.
I have another product that works better
Got some out but not all
I've tried every flavor in the box and they are awful. I had to hold my breath and chug it to get it down.
The bottle came wrapped very well, however after unwrapping the bottle, is was extremely scratch up as well as the label. I was surprised to see the label looking old and the bottle looked as though it had been tossed around for a while. I chose to only use it for the skin.
10/10 will have nightmares tonight. This thing is missing an eye, and the way they packed it, looks like it broke its neck.... *facepalm* *sigh..* Just why...
The pillow cushions are very thin and not like the image shown, there's no support at all. After putting it on my rocking chair I sat down and the string support at the top halfway ripped off. Also the string support is attached at the first seam of pillows, not at the top. Therefore the very top pillow (where your head would sit) is always flopped down since the string is below it.
purely inspired changed their formula it used to work wonders in 2014 this version today stimulant or non-stimulant just doesn't work for me.
The texture of these are not like a gummy bear but more like a grainy gelatin melt of some sort. The strawberry flavoring wasn't real appetizing and the energy lacked for sure. If you want something better try the Punch'd Energy brand if you can find them. Way more tasty gummies and a better boost.
They are not what my wife needed. She thought that they were but they won't fit her reader. If you read this it would be nice if we could return them. Thank you
Tried this after trying another brand with the same ingredient only cheaper. This one didn't help with cataract either. Just an expensive eye lubricant.
Had to return. Temp and speed were messed up and it didn't sound right. Went with the name brand and like it so much better.
Color is not even close to the picture or description which states it is a Bright Bubblegum Pink. The bottle I received is more like a pale somewhat grayish mauve. Very disappointed.
It was great for about a month.. then the velcro straps stopped sticking and would continuously just come undone. Wish it would have lasted longer
This a good product but extremely costly compared to buying it in store
The product came on time in the proper packaging. Material from which is made is a little stiff to get stretched enough to apply. The penis ring and scrotum rings are a good fit. The testicle ring is way too tight. It's hard to get stretched out enough to go over the testicles, even one at a time. Getting it off is torturous to say the least. It is a good idea and will add spice to lovemaking but the testicle ring needs to be either more stretchy or larger.
Bottle is messy .. soo much wasted because of this bottle . I brought before different brand that is better than now brand quality...
Bad quality came apart after short time in use.
It says that they are the new 11.5 oz bottles but I received the old 11 oz ones
They slide around on bed so defeats the purpose
This stuff is not easy to dissolve so I'm going back to what I was using before. Whisking this thick powder first thing in the morning to get it into my coffee isn't what I want to do. The consistency is lumpy, it sticks to the whisk, you get a lump of it in your mouth. No, this isn't for me.
Tried this product out after seeing so many good reviews of successful events. However, I use this on 3 different days during my fertile window, including the day that I had a positive LH surge/OPK test, and still no BFP. It may be that it works definitely for everyone (of course) and is not a 100% guarantee, but I just expected more. Good luck everyone! :) P.S. do not use the recommended amount of 4 grams-- we used 1 gram and it was still way to slippery/wet (I also don't have issues with getting wet, so it could just be me.. just a heads up)
I was not impressed with this high protein treat. It was practically flavorless, and not cakey at all. I'm not expecting a regular mug cake made with flour and all, but this was like snacking on a spongy, flavorless foreign substance. Not worth it.
Product worked as it should but had a terrible strong dead fish odor to it. It was extremely noticeable and you could smell it from several feet away, took about 2 days of wearing it for the smell to go away. I have bought this same product in stores and it's never had any kind of smell like this. Would not buy again from this seller again due to the strong dead fish smell.
Just be careful, if you are looking for a high protein, low carb bar, this is not it. These bars have 23 carbs. They sure taste gross for having so many carbs in them.
I got two sets of these, and in both cases, the green tea mint lip gloss tube did not work. The lip gloss did not come out when the bottom end cap was twisted. The papaya worked fine.
One of the two roller bottles I ordered came empty
I treated the product well but seam split
I haven't noticed the changes I was hoping. I also don't like having to take multiple times a day.
I ordered the 2 oz prescription and received 1oz. Please send me what I paid for. Thanks.
Made thicker hair EVERYWHERE and breakouts. Gross!
does not fit my cane---too large opening
Thought it was better for my eyes. This actually makes my eyes itch, going back to Bausch & Lomb.
I've tried to other brands and I prefer those over this one!
Not great quality and rolls are small. Thought tissue would be thicker and rolls larger. Upside they fit in my historic homes original toilet paper unit, pretty awesome.
Really disappointed that these wipes are so difficult to get out of the package. I pull one out and several come out with it. Image to try to stuff them back inside, which makes them bunch up and even more difficult to pull out of the package. I probably won't buy these again. Back to Cottonelle. Bummer.
They move around a lot. Not really effective.
don't see a difference
The teeth slides come right out. Do not stay. I put a band on the end to hold them in place.
I was looking for a device that would be easy to use, well-built, not expensive, and that would enable me to get some exercise in while sitting at my computer or watching TV. The reviews I saw for this product made it sound like this was just what I was looking for. I was disappointed. Though it was easy to use and inexpensive, it wobbled badly, slid on the floor in use (even with the non-skid mesh pad that came with it), and the tension knob was useless. I returned it the next day.
After a short time it came off my tiles. I stopped using it.
Fits small and offers little support
These are ok for use during the day. I like that they are natural. But I could not use them overnight because my 7 mo old soaked through them every single night. I wanted to like them...but I found other diapers to be more absorbent.
I wish I read the negative views too... dang it... does not work for me at all. I actually started gaining weight? I have not changed my diet other to more healthier foods and sadly this has done just the opposite. Guess eating right and working out is the best way, was hoping for a kick start to get rid of my last few lbs.... sigh
Didnt feel as good as I hoped. Suction was disappointing.
A nice product -- seems well made and it also seems like it is a very good deal. However, it did not help me with the pain in my back, unfortunately. I really wanted it to work because I am sick of taking all sorts of drugs for relief. I don't want to discourage others from trying it, but it is true that it didn't work for me.
Expensive Band-Aide but does work well
I bought these a while back and held off my review until I could truly get an idea of how well they would work. I think its a nice idea but some improvements need to be made. First off... the bags barely fit into a 13 gallon can. I am constantly fighting the bags slipping into the can. I think a big reason could be that the bottom of the bags are gathered into the center so it cannot expand into the bottom of the can to efficiently take the weight of the garbage being thrown in. Also since the bags are so thin...anything that is oversized or has an edge will slice the bag. Good try but I think I will need to try something else when these run out.
Returning because it caused stomach cramps.
OMG. I was really hoping for a better result. The taste, AT FIRST, isn't bad at all. But the aftertaste.. OMG.. I've never quite tasted anything quite that bad. It was a plastic-y, synthetic, just overall nasty taste. I even tried to hold my breath and it was awful. What a waste of money. I have a whole case of it (minus one bottle) if anyone wants it FOR FREE. Just YUCK.
This is not red, more purple I guess. The handle is not flat so you can't sit it on a counter top (slips off) or lay it again a wall (falls down). If you have mobility issues and don't mind picking it up every time you need 2 hands this will work for you.
Batteries came as indivual sleeves and not boxed. Just a mess and took from Nov 13th until Dec 11th to get them.
Doesn't really produce enough steam and it's a pain to get it out and set it up. It has to sit flat on the counter so you're trapped while you're using it. I think leaning over the sink with the hot water turned up high is just as useful.
The material started peeling away from the foam recently, which makes it uncomfortable and unusable
I noticed no additional benefits from this product over the normal daily probiotic. Certainly no weight loss benefit.
This wasn't comfortable at all. Didn't fit around my thumb/hand. I bought the large and my hands are small. My opinion is that it runs small. Seems to be well made though for the low price. Just didn't work for me. Didn't return it because I don't have a UPS drop off near me (closest is 1-1/2 hrs away) and it would have cost almost as much to return it as I paid for it. Hopefully someone I know can use it.
it expires in December, just several months away
Not thrilled about this scale. It came with a messed up digital display, so some digits are unreadable. I didn't use the scale right away after buying it, so by the time I discovered the problem it was too late to return.
Be aware that the front of this item is cheap plastic. Mine cracked in less then a month and yet it was never dropped. Should have been tempered glass.
im very displeased , i didnt pay 28 dollars to get a package missing its cord instructions and the velvet bag that is suposed to come with it. so what now am i suposed to go to the store and buy a cord and google the instructions?
I used the device about three times with pretty good results but then it died. New batteries did not help and there is very little you can do other than replace the batteries. I wrote the company and we will see what they say. I think it would be a good hearing device if it lasted longer than a half dozen uses.
Almost a toy ,no power and really does not clean your teeth.
When the bag arrived it was exactly that... a bag!! These pills are in capsules and a lot of them were broken and opened! The package should have been sent in a box not a bag!
easy to chew, swallow and tastes great. They seem to make me extremely gassy tho
No compression is offered in these gloves. Returning item.
My shampoo and conditioner arrived but I'm very poor shape. It wasn't packaged properly. Shampoo spilled in the envelope as well as the plastic it was wrapped in. The plastic and the envelope did not protect the items. I'm so disappointed because this shampoo and conditioner is not cheap. I'm very disappointed.
I haven't finished my whole bottle yet and so far have not noticed one bit of difference, but I am going to keep at it and allow my body to get used to it before I make good or bad comments on the product.
I double bagged and the gift actually feel threw! Embarrassing as I was going to baby shower with the gift and had to borrow tape to repair!!! Not sure if I would purchase again or consider using much lighter gifts!
These are almost impossible to get on (anyone have tips?) and very uncomfortable once you do get them on, They are painfully tight -- and I am small: only 5' 2" and 100 pounds with firm legs because I walk an hour every day. Yet I felt my circulation being cut off. Getting them on took longer than getting fully dressed this morning. They're so tight, and the gel so adhesive, that I couldn't slide them up my foot...I had to work laboriously to move them up inch by inch. There must be an easier way to do this and if anyone knows it, I'm all ears. I bought one with a plan to try it out first (good thinking on my part) and will not be buying another for the other ankle.
The bottles arrived in a box along with some other purchases. Soap was leaking from the small box into other areas of the box.
It looks neat. However i would need to have the gel patch so I could get a more accurate review.
Do not like, too thick, too small!
Smells like eucalyptus. I actually like this brand but this particular oil made me very disappointed.
I was very excited to get this oil combination. I had researched the different oils and this was the one recommended for the best price. It is very irritating. My skin reacted immediately when I put a small dab on my wrist. I ordered 3 roll ons and don't want to try them. None are returnable.
I did not like the taste at all
Product is fine but the delivery time was terrible. From the date it was shipped it took 13 days.
many test strips show up as error
Waste of money did not work for my 11 year old full leg cast almost gave him an infection.
The Extra padding has a sharp side, that makes it uncomfortable to the neck.
Roller is great when cold on the skin but it fell apart while using. The bar came right out. I've tried to glue it but no luck. Have only used it maybe 5 times. Price is good but, try another brand.
Mucinex is my go to meds and I was sick so I decided to do a same day shipping. I got them and I was surprised that it would expire in a couple of months. It would be a waste of money if I were to use couple of capsules and the rest goes in the garbage. Thankfully, I got a refund.
Another item not to order from Amazon in the warm months. It was really hot when I got it. Not sure if I trust taking it. I will buy locally until the weather cools off. This is an issue that Amazon needs to address for several products during the summer months. :(
This is too big to sleep in. I never left it on for an entire night. I would always kick it off halfway through sleeping because I couldn't roll over while wearing it.
I had read so much information about how this over the counter medicine could reduce your cholesterol and even lower your blood pressure. It seemed like a miracle drug on paper. I followed the directions and even slowly went up to the maximum dosage, and after multiple blood tests in about a year of taking this product, I can tell you that it didn't do anything for me. my guess is this drug might do something for people that have mild cholesterol or mild blood pressure problems. For people that actually have real genetic cholesterol and blood pressure issues, this probably won't do anything for you. Don't waste your money.
These are not $7 tweezers. They came packaged like something you'd buy at a Dollar Store that was meant to be sold in China. They are a flimsy metal, so if you squeeze them tight for a stubborn hair , you can feel the tweezers bending. The tips don't always come together flush, so actually gripping anything is a crapshoot. I tried to use them a couple times, gave up, and threw them out. If you bought these anywhere other than a Dollar Store, you paid too much...
Inferior packaging, damaged during shipping. No time to return, this was to be a gift and was repaired at home. Nice product, just poor packaging. Will order from them again.
It does look like the picture but it isn't great quality, construction paper and glitter letters. You also have to string it yourself. I probably should have made it myself.
I did end up breaking out from this deodorant, so I don't use it anymore. It also stains clothes.
I can see why the price is inexpensive. I received yesterday, expiration date is for sept of this year. No way will we use all of these in that short amount of time. Very deceptive!!!
The heat doesn't work great, but the message is great.
I came to this product after having so much trouble finding the Twin Lab chewable calcium citrate. I got the berries and cream flavor. It was good in the beginning when I started to chew, but the more I chewed and it dissolved I started to get a bad taste that continued on to become a bad aftertaste. I don't know how to describe it. It's not a bitter taste but it's certainly not a pleasant taste. Another thing I didn't like is that each chew has 4 grams of carbs. I need 1500 mg of calcium per day due to Bariatric surgery, so I would be consuming 12 grams of carbs per day. I'm trying to follow a Keto way of eating and would prefer it not to have so many carbs just for a supplement. It has corn syrup and sugar, and then they added Splenda. I guess the aftertaste would be worse if those ingredients weren't there. I do applaud them for avoiding aspartame. I do like the fact that they used calcium citrate instead of carbonate. I also like the fact that one chew is 500 mg. It has some Vitamin K2 in it as well which is good. I'll continue to take these until I find a reasonable replacement. I'll just have to have something ready to eat immediately after these chews to hide the aftertaste. I've always had very sensitive taste buds. Probably nobody else can taste what I'm tasting in these.
Velcro seems to be loosing its grip already.
Was really good to use, especially it being waterproof but at the 6 month mark it started to glitch where it wouldn't turn on and I had to reset it constantly
Good for kids to play with, not particularly pretty balls or box.
Feel pretty good but condom broke.
The quality is good, I've had them for a few months in a humid environment and in the bath twice and they didn't rust or look like they will rust. It's not very easy to get the tool around both sides of the ingrown toenail, and it didn't work like the YouTube videos I've seen. As I was screwing it tighter to straighten the nail, my nail just broke off, now it did brake off the ingrown part, so I did get some relief at the moment, but it was really short and of corse not straight so it grew back ingrown again. I would not say it fixed my ingrown problem.
These were used as coasters for a centerpiece for an event, but they were not very sturdy. The appearance also looked slightly cheap, and some seemed significantly smaller than the others.
These were a big let down, not because they were not as advertised, but because the Marks and Spencer brand of these biscuits (cookies) are so much inferior to Crawford's custard creams, which you can pick up at your friendly neighborhood Publix in the international-foods area. I bought these to compare and had them shipped from the UK, but on the first bite it was immediately apparent that these lose the contest. The wafers have almost no flavor, and the cream in the middle is on the dry side and also less flavorful than it ought to be. Golden Oreos beat these hands down. If you're looking for proper British custard creams, get the Crawford brand.
It's just ok. It takes some effort to get the unusual shape inserted, and requires some maneuvering to get the right angle. Even then, just ok. I like the basic plastic, non-vibrating option better I think.
Not well constructed.
It ok, not sure its for me. i was excited to try this. when i wore it to bed i felt smelling in the morning. i had to switch back.
This is a great Idea, they are just a bit to small and I don't have a big foot.
I got the wrong product. Instead of DHT Blocker, I received Shou Wu Hair formula. So I cannot give a proper review.
Bought 2, one of the on buttons fell down into the unit, but I bought another because it's amazing otherwise and I'll just try to be more gentle
Could not repair the wound on my heart that my ex girlfriend Sally Sue Janie made when she left me for Roger Lee Stevens.
This had a positive effect on my 2 year old when she took it, regulating her mood a bit. However, it also made her gag, and the other day she threw it up, so we'll have to find an alternative.
I bought this shaker as a gift for my boyfriend upon his request. He tried it out the day I gave it to him with much excitement but when he shook it the lid leaked a lot. He still loves it and is trying to use it but still uses mostly his other shakers as they don't get his drinks all over when he shakes. I wish this had worked better but I'm afraid it will eventually end up in the back of the cabinet never to be seen again.
Makes your hands sweat
I can't stand to smell it. It smells like my hemp oil, which makes me want to throw up. I'm giving it away. I'm sure it's a good Essential Oil, but it's not smell I can tolerate. I was looking for a forest/pine scent
Too fragranced for me...gave me a headache.
I personally didn't see an increase in supply, but I know some other mamas that swear by this. Tastes like hell.
One bottle was not enough to make an accurate review as this product was something that would have to be used over a few months to determine just how effective it would be.
I bought these bc my detergent and fabric softener are on shelves and I'm tired of taking them down to do laundry. I suppose it gets the job done and they must have made adjustments to it bc it snapped perfectly into my gain soap and Kirkland soften dispensers. However, for both, there's a lot of slash that comes with using this which isn't a deal breaker but annoying.
THE SELLER HAS BEEN SENDING THE PRODUCT EVERY SINGLE MONTH, REGARDLESS THAT WE CANCELLED IT 3 MONTHS AGO. IT IS A BAD BUSINESS PRACTICE.
The blew up fine once we filled them with helium. Although there were only 40 balloons in the package rather than 50 like the package stated.
Has a plastic tip in the top that scrapes the top of whatever you're trying to dust. Needs a lot more “fluff” to completely cover& pad the plastic point. I would've kept it otherwise
Scoop is too big. Seriously. I only use 1 scoop per serving when I drink this
I really want to love this product but it caused me major skin rash. The rash wont go away after a month and still suffering. Pretty disappointed.
Work fine. However, shipped on a slow boat from China.
It has a calming affect, but if you're looking to help with sleep issues, it didn't knock me out like other melatonin brands.
This didn't do much to help me sleep. I have fibromyalgia, so I have pretty bad insomnia. I find that other supplements have worked better. Also, it smells awful. Like a barn. I gave it 3 stars, because it might help people who need just a little help falling asleep. However, if you have bad insomnia, I would suggest trying something different.
Not as sticky as other ones I ordered, does work, good value for the money.
Helps with pain. May cause stomach upset. MSM may work better for me.
I liked the smell of these, but while shipped, the lemongrass oil leaked all over the other oils. The labels on the other oils are saturated in lemongrass, and so is part of the box. I understand crazy things happen during shipping, but you would think they would do a better job packaging so this doesn't happen. I also have Doterra brand oils, which are often way more expensive than these, so I decided to give a different brand a try. These just aren't as good of quality, which should be expected from a cheaper brand of oils. They work great for aromatherapy. I wouldn't use them for topical use, but they all have a nice smell, so they will be mainly used in my diffuser which is what they said their product should be used for. I think that as long as yours don't spill during shipment, these are definitely worth the price you pay for them.
They heat up real quick but they don't last as long as the description says.
The product arrived as described. Everything about it was great but after the second use it developed a hole. Seller was quick to respond and offered to replace or refund. Reputable seller.
The tea tastes good but I'm not sure if it helped my supply at all.
This balm works well in getting rid of beard itch, but unfortunately, it smells horrible and the smell doesn't fade like other balm and oils I've tried. I was only able to use it a few times before tossing it.
Came in original box; no privacy. Any and every body at each location/post office saw and know our business. EVERY other order has been shipped in a discreet box/package with no details or description of what is in the package. Very disappointed in the delivery. PRIVACY SHOULD BE A TOP PRIORITY WHEN SHIPPING. No problem with the actual product.
I just got this product this week and have been taking it with Vitamin C 1000 mg for a few day so far nothing is happening to me yet. will update more after 1 bottle.
I got 12 bottles of polish. All of the colors were great, except for Cast a Spell, which didn't actually have any polish in it.
Arrived On time, but it (larg one) leaks
The smell is amazing and fills a room VERY well...the only problem I had is it wouldn't burn the last 20% of the candle. The candle is there and the wick is there but it won't light anymore. If it would have burned to the end of the candle it would have received 5 Stars from me, even though the price was good since it wouldn't burn all the way I felt a little jipped
I was about to run out of this mineral. So, as usual, I bought it from Amazon. I knew that this was not a Prime item and that it was not sold directly or shipped by Amazon. Of course, I did not know that this seller was a Slow Turtle Shipper... Apparently, Amazon did not know it either. The seller was/is WooHoo Natural. And, it was never mentioned anywhere that this item was in back order! Otherwise, I would have bought from another - more expensive - but, well stocked seller. This slow seller did not forget to ship: It took exactly 31 days to ship! A genuine turtle from the pond turned shipper would have been faster...
These tablets work fine, but I was disappointed that they come individually wrapped, since they claim to be "eco-friendly". They say the wrapper is recyclable, but it would be better to not have it at all!
A bit thicker than expected but quality product.
I thought these would be more exfoliating.. They are too soft for my liking.
not my favorite. i tried these instead of what i normally use. i had to go back to my normal stuff. these just didn't work as well. they did work but i wanted quicker results. i don't need things like this often but when i do i want them to work quick and as expected. these would probably be perfect for people that have more delicate GI tracks then i do.
I find that the product meets all expectations except that it flakes. That was never mentioned in description of lip sense. Every one that I have flakes after a few hours.
I've been using this for a few weeks. There was a tear a week in where the Velcro thumb strap wraps around. It's supportive and does what I need it to while wearing it. The large Velcro strap can get stuck to my clothes, which is frustrating.
OK-have to get used to wearing them- sound is good- well worth the money
Came in good time but cannot help my condition. Will see in time.
This item for works about 1/2 the time and then I put it away and try Blu Emu
Shipment arrived very quickly. I have absolutely no problem with the seller. I haven't noticed any change or improvement since using the product, which I found to be rather pricey. Still using it though.
My order was sent to me with one empty container. There is a no return policy so, I could not return. Excellent product, terrible distribution.
The sunrise simulation portion is good. I have to have mine set to Level 10 (highest level) in order for it actually wake me up. The alarm itself is only a buzzer. There is no option for other sounds. This is a good, basic sunrise alarm clock. If you want more variety, I'd recommend Phillips' more expensive version. I had that one prior to having to purchase this one when I moved overseas.
Pretty short but has high intensity vibrations
This didn't really work for me, I had great results with the Boric Acid Suppositories!
Strongly dislike the taste of this. I haven't tried it on it's own but I blend in a vitamix with protein, fruit, spinach, almond butter and you this powder flavor overtakes everything else. Don't like it...I've tried other high quality greens powders that blend much better with my shakes.
Can't feel the heat at all. Don't like the design or the way the rollers are very rough. Actually gave me bruises on my lower back.
I kind of like these.... I brought them because I wanted to tackle mildew and smell issue of regular dish sponges. But with this one you have to use more soap and this it's not very easy to hold when washing dishes. I would purchase silicone dish sponges again but not this kind. Maybe another one with skinny scrubbers. Maybe it would hold more soap that way...
I was really excited to put these up. The sign was really nice and so where the photo booth picture sticks, The only thing I didn't like Where the latex balloons they didn't last long whatsoever. Some were even popping while we were blowing them up. Is they can fix this issue then it's a great product.
It is hard to determine the correct color one bottle was what I expected the other darker, it is still good polish and I would buy again
I didn't notice anything
I loved the convenience of getting at my door step. Used it for pre and post workouts. I first used Alanine in capsules. Be careful NOT to consume greater than recommended dosages, there are side affects. Dizziness and tingling were mine. Once I corrected my dosages, it worked great.
difficult to put on, not at all comfortable
I have yet to find one that does a thorough and painless job.
While it is extremely comfortable, I am able to get a strong erection while I wear this. This cage would be better for people who are more well trained.
the tape is hard to remove. But once installed it sticks really well to the shoe. I was looking for inserts that could be removed. Then again those will not slip out of your shoe. They are comfortable. I use them for one foot .
The product itself is great as well as the shape of the container. The problem is that when I opened the envelope it had been shipped in, there was kale powder all over the place. The soft envelope allowed the container to be compressed in shipping breaking the seal. The product needs to be shipped in a box instead. I'll buy again if they make this change.
Returned to merchant because it came with no power adapter. Ordered by mistake.
Cant tighten it! So it swivels around. Hard to direct it.
We wanted to try something beyond the traditional KY and this came highly recommended. But it's just okay. It's not a terrible lube per se, but nothing impressive either. And even with a towel it can go through and stain. We don't mind finishing it out, but we won't purchase it again.
I haven't used it yet but I ordered it in dark blue and it came gray. Disappointed.
I can't really fairly review this product as it was damaged when I received it and I could not assemble it due to a bent component. Doesn't look like it happened in shipping. Returned it for refund and went to local Medical supply store.
Formulation must've changed. Does not do as good of a job
Made me nauseous, even after taking with food. Hesitant to continue usage.
My dog who will eat anything would gag every time I came near her with these. Even covering the pill in peanut butter did nothing. Her previous multivitamins she would take without anything just chew the pill and be done. She does like the treat ones from this company but I was bummed about these considering it's way more for the same price the treat ones are.
I liked the product, but when I went to reorder, they no longer carried it.
I was very excited to get this because of the good reviews! but to my disappointment... I hardly used it... it was just too much for me... too much straps.. and when I'm wearing it, I cant breathe properly. Although it gave me a lot of support, I wasnt just too happy to use it. I felt bad that I wasnt able to return it right away, now it's just been sitting here at home.
You actually have to down 6 pills to get the recommended dose!
My 18 Year old son has Autism and constantly bites the outside of his hands if he doesn't have a chewy. I got these to try as we have been trying other chews and nothing seems to last longer than a week. My son bites hard and broke through both of these within a couple of days. I can't say they are not recommended, but I assume it just depends on how hard the chewer bites.
Very nice looking with high polish finish. Toss the cheap chain away and get something good. I think a bit too tall to wear as a necklace, better suited for a keychain. This one has a small top and is a bit slippery, so I wonder if it would be difficult to open in an emergency. I give it a high grade for looks and a below average grade for utility.
Unfortunately is not for me, I spend 8 hours in an office chair and I still have the pain on my tail bone, however, it's made of quality durable materials which is why it gets the 3 stars
Product is fine. The package was delivered wet from a bottle that leaked because the top was off. Got it all over my hardwood floor and desk. Very poorly packaged. Need a replacement bottle.
Could be a bit larger in order to surround the ankle of larger feet. The pockets that hold the ice pacs could also be larger so the pacs slide in and out easier.
The artificial sweetener taste is too much to get over for me unfortunately. Won't buy this again.
Helped pain with Charlie horses. It really helped sooth my husbands pain. We purchased this 3 times.
The fit on these isn't as tight as the original, so the brush heads will come off in the middle of brushing at times.
It hangs a little low and doesn't fit cans well. It's okay but I suggest buying something sturdier. There are not a lot of options of this type of product.
wow. these were tiny. my mistake. there are so many sizes sold and quantities and really odd prices on amazon for household products, it gets confusing. thought i was ordering 2 larger bottles of dawn and these are little. the dawn itself is a great product.
Did not see any difference after 1 complete bottle. Never was bothered by taking the supplements as with some brands
I found it annoying to wear, not as helpful as I thought it would be. I have sciatic and pelvic pain issues, but didn't find it to relieve either. The weight didn't seem to redistribute differently. I didn't feel less pressure or anything like friends mentioned feeling 🤷‍♀️
This product was a bit lack luster in power. In terms of value, it wasn't terrible for the price but I wasn't highly impressed. It is designed very well in regards to shape and flexibility but leaves something to be desired. I haven't had any trouble with charging or cleaning. Not terrible but I won't be buying again
Bought for a blind man could not understand the recording
But helps with pain associated with a shoulder problem and sure beats going to the doctor and probably getting referred for surgery.
I haven't noticed much difference but I'm about 20 days in.
Well it's just for a night!
works perfect for me, but I only got 9 out of 10 pregnancy tests......
I got a pack of these because I was having cravings to smoke again after quitting 15 years ago, but I can't have nicotine. The smoke is so thick I couldn't inhale them, and one pack broke me of my cravings, which was great for me. Smells like incense, which wasn't unpleasant.
Was expecting it to be bigger
Mildly flavored not strong enough
Very comfortable inserts. They fit good in my shoes , the only thing I noticed with these , is they made my shoes smaller and fit tight. I recommend on putting them in shoes that are to big for you.
Huggies are by far my favorite, but for some reason lately the last two boxes I've had a lot of diapers with ripped tabs or they tear off easily while putting on the diaper. The box is definitely more than a months worth for me though, so a few diapers that I cannot use isn't that big of a deal. I'm just not sure if these are in any way different than the Huggies that I might buy at the store.
Did not see any effects at all
I've not noticed any difference yet but I will keep using this product
Too big and too bulky. It is not comfortable to wear to sleep. During the day is ok.
Broke about a year after purchase. Seller's response to my inquiry is to ask for my order number when it was sent to them. No more response. Stay away
Worst tasting pill I've ever had, but not the end of the world.
Does PQQ help with MEMORY PROBLEMS? I purchased it because I read an article that says it does help memory issues. Not one review on here has mentioned any of the sort. Please advise. Thanks
The cream did not effect the pain I bought it for but it relieved some of the arthritis pain in my fingers.
I bought this product because it seemed efficient and because it seemed to be plastic free. It even emphasized it on the packaging saying iron and metal are great. Well guess what ? The powder sits in a non recyclable plastic bag. While it has worked so far on removing stains I'd say it's disappointing cause Nellie fooled me.
These are good for a all over wash so really good for camping or long car rides... good fresh feeling I recomend
Definetly not as using adderall, but it gives you a litte boost.
I loved my Fitbit but it was not durable at all. I guess they only make them to last a year before they break apart. I've had two of these and they have both fallen apart within a year. That said I do love the app and it's a very accurate step workout tracker. They just aren't built to last. Corporate greed. Tut tut
I tested the Grab Bar by attaching it to an office desk and lifting it up. The suction was great and I was able to lift the table several times. Afterwards, I installed it on large tiles on the wall outside of the bathtub. I grabbed it and yanked down on it and it held fine. I released the suction and re-engaged it again just in case. Five hours later, the bar was in the bathtub. I think if the bar is re-installed each time you want to use it, it's a fine product. However, if you meant to install it and leave it there for a long time, it might not be what you're looking for.
I purchased this cologne for my baby girl that's months old. This is a new scent that I was trying due to the stores not having the mild cologne in stores. I like it but it's a bit strong compared to the Johnsons mild baby cologne. Good scent overall just strong for a baby.
Look more like a lotion
don't like the sting and itch
horrible conditioner for fine hair. Tangles up my hair
Shipped quickly, but this is the 2nd time i ordered and the 2nd shipment that all the bottles were soaked with the product. There has to be a way to seal the cap to stop this from happening. Why aren't the tops of the bottles sealed like other products?
This product was ok. I probably need yo spend more time on it seems how I have only used it a few times, it has helped to relieve some of my back pain but if you stay on it too long it has the opposite effect and really starts to hurt. I would be really mindful of how much time you spend on it and make sure you keep your hand down next to you. Also do as the instructions say and start with small increments at a time.
They really need to add a sticker seal or something to the bottles. One came opened and shampoo had gotten everywhere because the bag they were in also developed a hole. It wasn't enough that I want to go through the hassle of returning, but that's a pretty major issue to me to just lose 20% of a bottle in transit.
Not quilted, not the most absorbent, but very soft and stretchy. Thicker, not too weak actually.
A lot of the decorations took a lot of time to assemble, but it was convenient one stop shopping. The decorations looked decent one they got up. Good for a small low key gender reveal.
These are impossible to take out of the package with one hand. Unless you are carefully using both hands to ease out and tear off a single sheet, a clump of several comes at once. But since the price is great and quality good, I could live with that. The real issue for me is the strong medicinal smell. Makes me and the patient sneeze.
The steam is too hot to put my face completely down in the face holder. Also, sometimes it spits really hot water.
Great smell. Works ok
The rating I give is for customer service. Product seemed good. But, when I asked for a safety data sheet which is required for GMP (Good Manufacturing Practices), I was rather rudely denied. It is required for the skincare formulation course I am in. I have to provide the data sheet from supplier for any product I use to make my final product for submission. Other suppliers have been fine. Makes one wonder??? Because of poor communication and transparency on safety of product, especially given price, I will buy elsewhere in the future.
One thing that I like about this product is the flavor is good. I do notice that I drink less than before. It is a little pricey, but so is alcohol. I know that the ingredients like Kudzu are good, as well as some of the other ingredients. You must stay on it daily.
My only disappointment is I ordered the Lavender 32oz with a pump ... I have the plastic tubing but NO PUMP!!! Unbelievable! I hope my other order has a pump. Nothing like wasting 2 oz every time you turn it upside down to get soap out! So disappointed.
The product description should note that the quick release type toilet seats do not work with the supplied bolts for the seat riser. If you purchase smaller bolts for these type toilet seats, the riser and seat are not tight but wobbly. You need to purchase a different type toilet seat (I found an American Standard one which works) to enable you to use the provided bolts and secure it tightly. Suggest the manufacturer provide a list of compatible toilet seats for future purchasers. The riser itself with the hinge is a nice feature and it definitely makes the toilet more accessible for those with difficulty.
I have had several of this cushions due to sciatic problems. As of late I have had to get the cushion replaced due to a leak. The warranty is for 90 days but this time I had it only 6 weeks! The seller did replace it quickly and at no cost. The quality of the cushion has gone down.
Four of the batteries refused to recharge after many attempts.
The cap on one of the containers was missing; how do I get another cap or another container? The container was also dented.
The rolls are NOT a big size which are advertised as GIANT, just regular size, which lowers the actual value
Great product just cheaper at Costco for organic unrefined coconut oil
They were great at first but after walking 6 or 7 miles my feet swelled and they were rather uncomfortable. They are very protective though. Please know that I am a long distance walker!!
I had a hard time pulling it out would have to grab the cups its self. Also not a good fit
Used for pain from neuropathy worked to decrease but not completely relieved but better than anything else I have tried! Dis not like that nowhere on bottle does it have how often it can be used,dose is on it!
This makes wide turns, but you don't feel like it is easy to fall off of. The brakes hold well when transitioning between different elevations.
A large container but only filled half way. A bit deceptive.
The smell of this oil is really good, but, I purchased it hoping to use it in Lip Balm. The on-line description does not say if it is safe to do so or not. Once I got the package, it says "do not ingest", so I am not taking a chance of using it in Lip Balm. This information needs to be in the description.
It wasn't quite big enough and didn't get as hot as I would have liked. The massage bit was fine.
These do not work for me.The only plus is they are easy to swallow.Minus you need to take three a day ,they did not work as well as my other brand.So I m done with this brand.
This product smells amazing! The oil is yellow.. I'm not an essential oils master so I am unaware what that entails. I think I heard somewhere that oils should be clear? I don't know. But I do know it smells great!
Gel is good. Constant requests for review bad.
This dust mop just last a couple of weeks, don't buy it again
It actually worked well but now that I have used it a couple of months the Velcro doesn't stay and the metal comes out of the little pouch
They last precisely one use, for one device. If you try to share the wipe with another device, it just smears around a bit and dries out. Would not purchase again.
Tastes good, works well, wayyy to hard on my stomach.
Very bulky. I think it would have good support during activity that requires little range of motion, but if you need to move around a lot still -this isn't the route to go. It is also designed for a larger person. I have really broad shoulders for a female, but I'm not super muscular so it was a little loose and didn't fit quite right.
For someone else maybe.
Some of these batteries were dead and did not work and since I got more batteries than I need that's OK in one sense but really not acceptable in another.
My wife bought this for me. It smells very good, and my wife states that it makes my beard softer. However, it is very hard and and is difficult to get out of the can. You have to scratch it with your fingernail. The gel version is much better.
Cleans. Does not have a good smell like other Meyer's products.
Not much results. It made me gag a bit even with orange juice. I did lose a few pounds with it so not a horrible experience. I may try the capsules though and see if those are any better.
I used for one night. There is a terrible smell from the plastic that made me wake up with swollen eyes. Hope the smell goes away after a while. It does do the job though. Had no trouble falling asleep.
Package was delivered to wrong address. My neighbor brought it to me.
Bulk is nice. Durability is not great. Packaging at least isn't plastered with questionably aged anime girls. There is better quality out there if you're willing to spend an extra 10 dollars and deal with buying something with aforementioned anime girls.
Not sure I can tell the difference in pain, or inflammation... Couldn't give bad review, but no that good either.
Lens size is large, 4 ¼ x 2 ½ Weight is 4 ¾ oz, 1 ½ lighter than a smaller one I have the is probably glass.No little bump with higher magnification which I find annoying when trying to read. Good for Right or Left Handed use. Weight is 4 ¾ oz, 1 ½ oz lighter than another I use with lens that is probably glass. Problem is that the surface is not precision shaped, so test appears wavey. Not a big problem , but gets distracting with expended use.
These aren't much bigger that an alcohol wipe that unfolds to two sheets of to. And quite thin. Does give a very refreshing clean, but you must choose. One wipe is really only good to clean the sac or the back. Not both.
I do really like this mask, it's very cute. the material is thick, but it's pretty flimsy and i was nervous i was going to rip it when i took the muzzle off, so i don't think i'll be using the muzzle at all. the material is also really soft, so i like that about it. other than it being flimsy, i'd say this is a great pup mask for the price.
First pump of item and head part broke off now what am i to do we tried using it but couldn't get enough lube out so cant rate it and wanted to return for a new bottle
I cant tell any difference but no adverse affects, no way to measure it working except all my recent labs were in order, who knows
Was supposed to be a three pack. only got one. Product is great does not stick to wounds at all.
These wipes are not my favorite. They all stick together when you try to pull them out (not convenient when using one hand during diaper changes). They are also not as soft as other wipes on the market. If you are looking for a higher quality wipe, this is not for you.
It is not as good as the official replacement: a little soft, takes a little more time to clean the teeth. But can be used. It is cheaper if you would not mind to clean teeth a little longer.
I would like to add to my comment from yesterday, June 12 2019. It turns out that the product I received did in fact have the safety seal intact. I was expecting an actual sticker type seal or foil seal but all it is is a very small little piece of plastic on the top of the cap where you are supposed to open it and I did not notice that. So make sure you check for that. However I was still sent the incorrect product and the rest of my previous review stands. This is not a review on the product itself and how it works as I have not tried it yet and again, it is not the exact product I ordered.
I used these and other hair/nail supplements for a while and I have no idea if they make any difference. I can't tell.
Had to use almost a whole box to do a bad tub. However, it looks almost new now. Just like other reviews said, it did come apart easily. Also, if it ran across a patch of dried soap, it stopped working as well. Had to scrub hard. Will try a generic brand next, and update this review then. Pics show before and after I scrubbed in one spot.
Box came upside down and leaking. 2 bottles are punctured. Left by my garage door. Wonderful.
they sent me black instead of the white I was suppose to get, plus the wrong style.
Smell is too strong, used it on my sons skin for his eczema and it looked like his skin was burnt, he started scratching even more and irritated him even more than before
The problem is that it is too small, I cannot reach the straps to pull them and it is difficult to put on.
This is a nice material and the weight feels good; however, the scent is way too overwhelming which keeps me from using it more often. I don't want to use it and then go around the rest of the day smelling like incense.
Loved the colors, and great value. The lasting ability was not as good as others, but for the value, it was great.
I miss the old thermometers. Seem to have trouble getting an accurate reading with the newer ones, and not just this particular one.
I chose these over others because of the price, I'll start by saying you get what you pay for but it does the job. These are a little flimsy so I have to be careful when refilling the organizer to keep from breaking the lid. Theres no labels on it so to keep track of which day I'm on I had to take a sharpie and write the day at the bottom of each section, it can just be difficult and confusing if you fill the containers for the month if you take multiple medications because then the markings I made get covered and I have to take a guess. Overall okay for the price.
You get what you pay for. This is cheap so it's not that consistent & accurate.
When it decides to work it's great. I really wouldn't waste your money on this one.
Decent scrubber but I thought it spun and it does not.
I don't know if it's really why, but my son has been showing lots of rashes (look like bug bites) since he recently switched to size 6. We've been using pampers for the last 2.5 years and nothing like this ever happened. We just switched the size this month and he's been having lots of rashes on the legs. Not sure if I can return open box.
Cannot see fuel level
Initially sent the wrong size. Proper size works fine.
Very Greasy but it worked
I have been using huggies since the hospital. I was an admirer of this brand. I tried other brands and i decided to use this one. How ever it made a small wound on the skin. I am not sure i keep buying those
The label that is sewn into the wrist of the glove scratches my skin
The crossbars beneath the mattress hurt my back. I had to buy the 3 inch mattress topper to pad the crossbars & allow a good night's sleep. The guard rails have stopped my falling out of bed.
Haven't used them yet, but they don't look like what I wanted. Will not bother to return. Will use/give away and order a different brand next time.
What you see is NOT what you get. Misleading only one can NOT 3 as shown. But it's 19oz for "commercial use"
It's smaller than it looks
stopped taking it for awhile because of nausea secondary to flu. will not know if it is helping until next labs
I find this product a mystery for a few reasons. The language on the product seems to indicate this is for users with flat feet, yet I need it to support high arches and reduce stress. So the name of the product is "Support Sleeves", yet the text is about "Flat Foot Support Cushions". So what is it? Also - what's up with the two extra pads. I didn't even realize they had a hard plastic sleeve to protect a glue strip. So what is this for? No instructions. Do I stick this down as a permanent insert in a pair of shoes, or stick to the bottom of my feet as shown on the box. If I do that, how many uses should I expect before the adhesive wears off? Lastly, the sleeve curls badly every time I try to pull as sock over it - so it's kind of difficult to use. Would appreciate a response from the company.
For the price it's about adequate. These are not high quality essential oils. These are weak fragrances. Expect to use far more than you think you should to achieve any kind of a scent. With that being said, if you're new to essential oils or if you want to try a bunch of different fragrances then this is a decent little set to start out with. It's not amazing by any means but for the price it's about what I expected.
For some reason this batch (I have bought it in 3 pack before) is not near as thick, in fact thin.
Purchased this unit in July 2017. Discovered that it died in October 2018. Don't know how long before that it quit. The fan stopped working so no air was being circulated.
Maybe its with the search feature on amazon?? Dont know...These gummies dont do anything. Not CBD gummies. Theyre gummy bears, which is grand. I just need to sleep... Just ate 14 of them. Quite tasty.
It works, but if you miss a dose and eat the wrong thing, you are in trouble. It won't start working until the next night. Better price than the name brands.
I think this would be good for someone who enjoys the flavor. I love mango so thought I'd like this but it's disgusting
I love these silicone straws but I purchased these because it was to include a carrying case. Sadly, my order did not:(
Battery charging takes FOREVER, I really wish I would have seen that before purchasing. But I do enjoy that you can charge 8 batteries at once, however if I would have gotten a faster 4 pack charger I could have done 2 or 3 sets in the same amount of time. Also what is up with the yellow battery lite? Red is charging and green is charged ... but what is yellow? Nothing was mentioned about that in the description.
ok but too expensive
The only problem I have is that this came up after searching for some with no smell. Works fine, but still has the smell.
My son loved it but fir me the smell was a little overpowering
started to use them no side effects , but I just found the exact bottle on wallmart.com at $13.00
I would love to say this is an amazing product but in truth it's just so so. I've tried most all the over-the-counter brands and this 10,000 MG, because of price, is comparable with them. The smell is pleasant as far as I am concerned. It goes on easily and covers well. From the other reviews I've read this product is worth a try. I hope it will have an effect on your pain.
Brush was very rough for me who needs a softer brush. The are well made.
I had some k2 that was in an oil form capsule, and it seemed to digest better. I suppose these do the job. Probably won't reorder.
I prefer target brand or Costco brand over these
Not very sudsy. Weird consistency
It is Ok, that's about all I can say--not spectacular but works.
I've had trouble trying to use it. I'm morbidly obese with some physical disabilities, so I think that affects my ability to use it.
They break quick, but the do the job and are I expensive.
Quick shipment. The flavor tasted a bit artificial and too sweet for me.
these were a great buy but super thin and tiny.
It's OK, I borrowed a heating pad ( not this brand), and it was heavy weight and got hot quickly. This one is really light weight and takes a few minutes to heat up. I guess if you have highly sensitive skin it would be good, but I need something that will penetrate into my muscles.
Can't really tell if it's working. The bag is very small and I don't like the taste.
Strip that holds straps in place is too short so the Velcro will need to sit on fabric. Put on once and when I took it off, it took off some fabric too so now it's shredded thin. It won't last more than a couple uses.
In my opinion the run a little small.
I put ten drops in my (cold air) diffuser and found, immediately, that the aroma burned my nasal passage ways. I tried diluting the blend with water and had the same results. On a positive note, the company was very accommodating in resolving this issue. It's nice when someone from the company responds in a timely manner.
Like the batteries but a pain to get the individual plastic wrapping off for this senior.
Tried. Can't do it. Just too creepy.
First the positives. I have a large head and it fits me just fine. Not sure if others who commented got shipped a wrong size or a manufacturing goof, but it works for me. I did get a small cloth to put behind the velcro as it did irritate me as well. (If the seller reads these, I would flip the velcro and cloth pieces so the velcro points OUT!) It has solved the problem for me of my mouth popping open and creating a cyclone noise at night, as my wife calls it. The main negative I have is that the black color is bleeding off. After a few nights, I noticed a bruise above my temple and thought I had it on too tight. After no change after an adjustment, I put a foam make-up pad under the area by the size adjustment clip. The next morning, it had a black outline of the strap. Since then, I have noticed discoloration on my CPAP strap and my pillow case. May try washing it to see if that resolves the issue.
I personally got flushing and very nauseous on them.
I didn't realize this would be as large as it is. I can swallow it okay, but it might be too large for some. It does have a taste, but it's not unpleasant at all.
Many came apart in the packaging or in use. Cheap- pay more for a better value. I just needed to use them for a shower game, but nearly 20 were unusable.
Have been taking it for 6 months and going to the gym. Maybe it help me, but can't confirm
How can i possibly evaluate an insurance I have never made a claim on? For all I know I could make a claim and they disappear. Who's to know?
Magnets not strong enough.
i bought this for my boss and he is trying it. it said can help regular the blood pressure. it seem nothing harmful
The second day I wore them I broke out and had to skip a couple of days. They have silicone in them and apparently, I have a sensitivity to it. Keep a watch on them for that reason. Otherwise, comfortable on a warm day
At first they seemed fine. I can not keep on my feet.
I already wore these diapers but those last ones have had some leaks.
The ring balloon was adorable, the sash was very cute, and the balloons with confetti were great. But the puff balls were impossible and the tassel garland took so long to put together. Definitely DEFINITELY do it ahead of time, and if you'll be short on time, don't buy this kit.
Not as comfortabel when I used them on a 10 mile hike. I replaced them with a different insole.
I like the saccharomyces with mos cuz it doesn't make me nauseous! Good product though if you don't have that issue!
My review is for the combination specifically. My husband loved the full size clippers but he said the trimmer was terrible and useless. The only plus with this set is the nice case it comes in.
Comes nicely packaged, but the build quality is nothing exceptional. It feels like a most of it is held together with glue similar to cyanoacrylate, which doesn't have much flex /impact resistance, without using screws. For the price, I would have liked to see an extra gasket, or at least for the one supplied to have been thicker. It is honestly pretty thin, which seems like it would be more prone to tearing. Also, it's not going to provide much cushion against the rigid edge of the polycarbonate main cylinder which, by design, will be pressing firmly against the body. My final gripe with this is that again, for the price point, this really should have been USB rechargeable; not even including a couple of AAA's just seems downright cheap, on the manufacturer's part.
These items were not suitable for my elderly mom, as she can't tilt her head back far enough to use them.
feel fine for 30 minutes and I vomit
Just okay, we tried once and switched back to Huggies.
The Smell is weak and I want something strong so that it can keep me awake when I too tired to work.
This product here I'm going to be honest when it works for me it's great I feel like I have a lot of focus and drive but it just doesn't work everyday for me I don't know why that is
Allergic to material
The silicone sponge doesn't really absorb. Also it doesn't last very long as small pieces fall off leaving fragments in the sink. I like how easily removes dirt and grease without damaging your dishes
These work pretty well and I'd give the product 5 stars, except for the fact that it is SO HARD to get them out of the blister pack they come it. The plastic is so thick and springy that you need scissors to get the capsules out and then they sometimes bounce out and across the floor.
Everything I read says 1 tbsp per 1 cup of water. But the second I pour the hot water in, it turns to super thick gelatin, like jello. I understand it should be gel-like but so thick it is almost like jello? Is that really how you are supposed to drink it? Or is it really a teaspoon per cup?
Very thin sheets so I will stick with Bounty moving forward.
Works well, however the Velcro is really long and the underarm pads are very awkward.
Ordered prints and they came as solid white
She liked it but it is hard to get adjusted and positioned. Once placed it works fine.
Not impressed at all..... I shall NOT order it again
These work fairly well, but they still leak. Not really for large amounts of liquid.
ok product. Helps a litttle
I wanted it for my neck, but I couldn't walk around with it because there was no elastic strap that attached to the other side. A towel has to be used also. The whole product is plastic.
Does not stay cold long but does help.
Only been taking for a couple of weeks So far everything is fine
These work pretty well, but they wear and break apart into little sticky balls on your feet and in your shoe and they relieve little pain
I wanted to use the strips for testing fermenting foods. Im having difficulty differentiating between the orange colors. My ferment is supposed to stay below 4.6 in order not to get botulism. There's a big gap between 4.5 and 5 and I can't tell which color my test strip matches. Unfortunately I won't be able to use these strips for my purpose.
For the price these are great. Although, the thigh binds are literally an inch bigger than the wrist and ankle binds. They don't fit anyone's actual thigh (have tried on my ladies 90lb friend, nope no luck). Other than that, they are sturdy, well made an comfortable. Just wish those thigh straps would have came in adult size.
It doesn't have a snap to hold it closed and is a bit stiff.
I tried these first at a 5K where Nature Bounty was passing them out. The sample I got was delish, silky and dark chocolate. The product that came is not at all the same. It's almost as if the product is old or went through extreme weather. It's discolored and flaky, nothing at all like chocolate.
Package good no leaks. Good price for the product. Smell isn't very strong. I have had a bit better product but paid twice as much. So again for the price it was reasonable
Was easy to apply, not so much helpful. Used for 2weeks now, but still using. Expected faster results or at least some better progress.
it did not last long.
For comfort. Didn't live up to expectations.
It's weird that it didn't come in its original packing. Gave it 3 stars because I got more than 36.
So so life, shoulda bought a name brand.
Works good but not the best! I have a lot of issue with these staying on they are not as good as the originals! I mostly use these on back, neck, and hands. Hands and neck really have very little luck with staying in full contact with my skin, the back works pretty well!
The tips get connected to the hose with a screw on adapter. this is nice but the adapter kept coming off the hose when under presser. You will need to glue in place for it to work well.
I am glad I found this it is a great game. But I am very disappointed with the lack of stickiness on the back of the boobs to put up on the women. I expected them to already have something to stick them together.
o.k. but my pain is more severe
It was good, but something in it gave me diarrhea. Had to throw it away.
It let water get in. I was taking a shower and it was fine but then I got in the hot tub and just barely laid it on water and water started rushing in on my caste.
Health products this kind of thing is generally insist on eating will be effective.
wife said the material is not as soft as the others she has
Pros: Nail Pen easy to use, relatively inexpensive, instructions easy to follow. Cons: I saw no changes in white tod nail fungal infection after weeks of use and following directions.
Product doesn't come with the 3 plastic transfer pipettes ADVERTISE ARE MISLEADING!!!! BEWARE!!!
I thought worked almost as well as Afrin, but the dispenser is definitely not as good. The Afrin pump is more of a mist and definitely no drip. This pump causes a drip.
Since my body does not seem to absorb fett soluble Vitamin D, my Dr. recommended the water soluble kind. We will see at my next exam whether this works.
Love this formula! This was the first time I ordered formula from Amazon received container with lid broken off. Disappointing! I would give 5 stars for the formula!!!
Got these to replace Sterling brand that I have bought at the grocery store. Said Sterling on the shopping page, these did not say Sterling anywhere on the package. Shows silver I got gold. I think I could of gotten same ones for less on Amazon. I paid almost $2.00 a sponge and there were others for less that said made in Israel. Hope they last as long as Sterling brand.
Sticks in your throat, bitter taste.
This is way bigger than I thought it would be. I purchased it to keep in my purse for a backup between charging and it's a little too big for that in my opinion. It charges my phone from almost a dead battery which is nice.
Will not buy again. I bought these for the few different flavors that aren't in the drop form, and was super excited for the Lavender one since I usually get nauseous and sick later on in the night. No lavender in the box at all like advertised. When I opened the box, two of them were also opened, so now I'm down to 5 without even using any of them. Just get some of the Preggie Pop Drops from Target and save yourself the headache and waiting time.
Not exactly as pictured. I thought it would go back toward the neck more.
No basket to hold items. Easy-ish to fold up. Light weight. Brakes very hard for my aged mother to operate. Don't buy this if you might return it. Amazon is not allowed to ship it back to California because it contains paint that California deems cancer-causing. Very strange rule as it was shipped FROM California! I am donating this one to charity as my mother can't operate the brakes -- they are very stiff and awkward. This is different from the one she used in rehab from Invacare.
They look so dressy when we had lunch on the patio
I purchased this solely for the purpose of providing a little stealthy added pleasure for my girlfriend - but before I've even got to try it I can see a major shortcoming - instead of it powering up gently and quietly - it goes FULL POWER - you then have to flounder through a series of button pushes to tame it down. WTF were they thinking... I doubt most people purchasing this are using it for a muscle massager .. wink wink. So I'm thinking all the buzzing and button pushing is going to completely RUIN any kind of intimate moment before it even happens.... time will tell I guess but so far I am not super impressed. I don't know too many women that would not jump out of bed if this touched them on full power... LOL and since there is no settings memory of any kind, that means it powers up full vibe every time.. really too bad because it is pretty nicely made.
Very thin bags, low quality finish and thread.
Like others have said, works well if the 3m tape holds, which, if upside down or on a trash can wall won't hold.
It works but not accurate
Not great for daily use, it breaks easily (went through 2 in a few months), but if you're someone who uses it 1-2 a week it's a good option compared to others. It's bigger and more pressure.
The button was hard to push. Lots of spray. Not invisible.
Very vague results, not enough information
Using for neck painted
This stuff works but you will be changing it all out again in 6 months max. I got over 3 years out of the original roomba brushes that worked when I replaced them and less than 6 months out of these replacement brushes after them seizing up.
I prefer the probiotics from this company. This one doesn't seem to have enough probiotics and didn't seem to have any change in my body.
Despite getting a couple defective needles in this batch, they get the job done.
This works OK for regular socks but I wear compression socks and using it to take them off is bending the metal end and unscrewing it from the dowel.
I found this device to be a little too direct and intense for me. It has very strong vibration for those who like that.
These are not great for dish cleaning- you have to reapply soap after almost each item and they make it difficult to manage the dishes while you are wearing them. They are however good for cleaning tile, the stove, etc.
The taste isn't exactly as I expected. Maybe I should have bought chocolate..
The flavor is disgusting. I had to stop taking it however, it does work. The taste is just not right.
In general terms this is a nice product. The short and medium range works well. In the building, but it does not cover 500ft as indicated. Sad that base station does not have a cord, in case battery is dead. also, It would be better if the base station had a display that was visible in the dark.
I am using in hope that I can use as much as possible before it is expires., which is less than 3 mo. On the product, it appears to be ok, it is yellow in color and I am hoping that I can use most of it during the time period. This cream has MSM, DMAE & C-ESTER among other excellent ingredients main reason I ordered it. So I will use this twice a day on my face, hands in addition to applying it to my legs in hopes of using all of it in the next 3 months. I am looking forward to improvement with this product it is a collagen builder
Great with a ton of lube otherwise inserting is difficult for men. But great stress reliever for both couple and solo adventure.
I can't see with them but I return it with no problem. Thank you.
The cleansing pads are normal and what was expected, but the tinted cream is incredibly dark and doesn't blend well at all with makeup. It's not even close to the shade shown on the picture. I might be able to use it towards the end of summer with a tan but I'm not counting on it.
my hand is on the small side and it seems a little large for me, I like my other brace better. I can't wear this at all when I am typing or using a mouse so it is only used at night and has a tendency to irritate my hand between the thumb and first finger.
Product is good, but when I went to order it again a week later, the price had jumped $20. Needless to say, I didn't order.
I thought it tasted terrible. I wish I had a sample pack before I bought so much haha. I had my husband try it and he likes it, but won't help him in pregnancy hahaha.
Did not work as described. Very disappointing... Would not recommend. I was expecting better than this.
Not a great fit for my husband his head is too big. The nostril pieces were a little hard to use as well
Sturdy but didn't help with my daughters servers disease.
I was expecting something close to a granola bar. It is more like a caramel bar.
Whenever you cut a pill, the splitter is extremely difficult to get back open. You also have to line up the pill just right before closing the splitter to ensure an equal cut.
I've wanted to try menstrual cups for a while and finally got one! I was super excited to use it but ran into so many uncomfortable bumps along the way I'm a little timid to use it again. I found the only way I could remove it was while I was laying on my back. I relaxed my muscles as the removal instructions told me when i tried standing up, but even though I could feel the rim it was like it kept slipping out of my reach every time I tried to grip it! This panicked me because I was in public and couldn't just lay on the stall floor to fish it out. Also, the cup seemed to disappear up there the first few days (my cervix height changed which is normal but made the whole removal time a pain). If anything I'll try the soft cup because i did notice slightly uncomfortable pressure on my bladder making it near impossible to use the bathroom. I don't want to give up on saalt though!
I have used 2 sticks in the same day placed 4 days apart. 1 week later the bathroom sink drain still is slow to drain and not improved from before.
Very large diameter! To large for small mouth
This diffuser has a smaller water recepticle than expected so it only runs for a short while. The on/off switch doesn't always work, I have to press it several time to get it to turn on.
Not as good as other brands. Took longer to fall asleep.
Smells so strong and hard to be accepted by the baby
When I ordered the last time, the price was about $20 less than it is now for 6 canisters. The last time I ordered, we had to throw one out as it was damaged considerably. That was the only time I had a problem with this product. When I went to purchase this last time, the product price had JUMPED by about $20 and the product was shipped a week later, not immediately like it was all the other times before. I still don't have it the product. If it was one thing that changed, I might continue. But with two huge term changes, I cannot support this seller.
The second day I tried to open the Tuesday pill dispenser the plastic lid broke off for Tuesday. I have another pill dispenser just like the one I purchased for years and it has never failed me. I was very disappointed.
Irregular and wide ranging reads
Looked at the reviews, thought it'd be great but it didn't treat my issues like other probiotics did. Cheaper option sure but not as effective. Might as well spend the extra money on a better probiotics.
Still taking initial box. Will report back later
One of the two cans the spray nozzle fell off when I opened the cap. My husband was able too fix it with a few tries.
Love the lemon flavor. I tried this because most is flavored with mint, and I hate mint. It seems to be milder than others I've tried. Not really relieving pain as much as others with less potency.
These are not the mega rolls! I'm very disappointed. The toilet paper is good quality and doesn't break easily, but still not worth the price paid.
Just put them in my Streamlight. So far no complaints. Will update post after a couple of weeks of use to see how they last.
I liked the product but lost it before I even got a chance to use it. I had it on my pocket to remember to get butane, but lost it some where before I got to use it
Beautiful set of decorations... but there were no instructions of how to put everything together. I had to come back to this to look at the photo to figure out what all these pieces were supposed to go to. AND... I must say... the white(ish), gold and blue tassel banner was next to impossible to put together.
It was a nice product but packaging should have been better the customer service lady was nice but the product came in a padded envelope and got squished
I've had this bad boy since April and had gotten it to replace another wand I had. It lasted well for about a month until the motor started to not work as well. I'd charge it for the appropriate time, no more or less; I kept it clean and enjoyed it while I did but as mentioned the motor just stopped working as well. I'd have to recharge it for longer periods of time or it didn't last long at all even after being fully charged. It's frustrating using a product that fizzles out on you half way through. The vibration when charges is powerful with good settings, but my complaint is how often I'd have to wait to use it or how weak it became over time. I wouldn't buy it again, but it's not a bad product. Just not for me.
This item serves the purpose for what I need. The product description was accurate and easy to assemble. easy to assemble and no tools needed/
I was trying to order individually wrapped devices suitable for travel. I got two big bags
I thought these would last longer than they actually did.
Babies were fine. A little weird looking but did the job.
Leaves something to be desired. Maybe in the future warmer longer hot pad would be better
Very weak citrus scent.
Comfortable and fits ok. It doesn't seal around your eyes well, letting in some ambient light. For the price it's decent.
Nice 4pk bottles. Could be bigger.
This is very expensive, not sure it is worth the high price. It comes in single serving packets & in larger containers but even getting it in bulk it is expensive. It reminds you of koolaid & it probably costs them as much to make; so why is it so expensive??? I have had grape, raspberry and lemon & they all have a good flavor but as mentioned by others there is a lot of powder that doesn't dissolve fully. Thisis not a huge problem for me, but it seems to be for others. It is hard to get past the price. I think they could charge half what they charge and still make a huge profit.
Cannot tell if it has done anything, but the uv light stopped working after a few days of use. Very disappointing...
My family (and I) like the way this air freshener smells. It really does remind us of pine trees. We would buy more, but they are too expensive. OK for the holidays, but too expensive to use all year round.
Unfortunately this did not fit on the cane we purchased.
I gave this product 3 stars because the applicators didn't get all the cream out and left a lot in the applicator
I prefer these prenatal pills, they're easier to swallow and there's not after taste. These are soft tablets and I prefer those instead of the hard white pills... ugh. They're inexpensive as well and I'll be taking them as long as I'm breastfeeding or until the bottle runs out after delivery.... whatever comes first. It's a large bottle...so it's going to last me a long time.
Just ok. Seem to work fine but don't understand the hype around these things. Clearly the result of strong advertising for an average product.
I've had 5 false positive! It's very annoying when your trying to have a baby and you get these results that turn out to be false! I was so excited because i have never had a false positive only time i had a positive was when i was actually pregnant... I was excited to get blood work done to only have them come back negative...
Does not work. Would not recommend this product.
Thought I was going to get the one prefilled to take on trip. Not what I wanted.
I purchased two packs (total of 10) to give my coworkers. The price was exceptional, but the quality... not so much. Most of the handles were scratched and some of the point covers to actually massage the scalp had come off (which is weird because I'm pretty sure they're just paint). Moral of the story: if you're not giving them as gifts, go for it. If you are... maybe you should look a bit longer.
They were okay. Not great for heavy flow. Will stick with my usual
Product is fine but it appears seller sent me previously returned items as both packages were completely opened with the refills floating around in the box. Bubble wrap was in the box and doesn't seem like this was due to shipping.
Too aggressive and uncomfortable
The clipper is too noisy. The beard trimmer is really good.
I guess it helps with a smoother shave, but even after washing my neck with a gentile soap and wash cloth after shaving and using this stuff pre-shave I experience massive skin irritation in the form of clogged and irritated pores like I have never experienced before on my neck... and I've tried to give it an honest use over the last month or 2 of shaving... Not going to continue to use... I have pretty sensitive and oily skin.
Small but nice smell
I bought this because my naturopath doctor recommended I take DGL for my leaky gut. I went with this brand because I have used their other products and have been happy with them. Unfortunately this DGL product caused me severe constipation and gas, I did not change anything else in my diet or supplement regimen. Once I stopped it constipation/gas went away. I also have IBS and gluten sensitivity so I read that DGL can sometimes make IBS worse or better. I'm guessing since this product is at a pretty high dose it was just too much for my system, everyone reacts differently. My naturopath also recommended after I told her I had side effects that I should use a chewable DGL because it needs to interact with saliva to be more effective. I'm hoping this brand will make a chewable lower dose version someday because they do sell their products at a reasonable price. Unfortunately I will not be buying again.
IT DOES NOT SUIT MY NEEDS-- THE ELEVATION WAS FINE, BUT THE PLASTIC SHOULD BE SOME KIND OF MATERIAL THAT DOESN'T SEND YOUR GLUTEUS MAXIMUS MUSCLE INTO A SPASM. CHANGE THE PLASTIC MATERIAL SO THE LARGEST MUSCLE IN YOUR BODY DOESN'T FREEZE
They are really, really hard. The lozenges are too big to swallow but uncomfortable to chew. They taste fine and work fine. Just getting them down is an issue.
Not very comfortable but does help with pain and stress on shoulder.
It seems thinner than I remembered
I haven't had it long but the first time I wore it it gave great support, but I had help adjusting it. When I didn't have help adjusting it, and I put it on myself, it wasn't as good. It was painful to drive with it on. If you have help putting it on, I would recommend it. If not you may want to try something easier to adjust.
It's a nice compass, but I set it out in the sun all day, and it still doesn't glow at night as shown in the ad.
Its an easy and straight to the point product. This is my second time purchasing. I purchased my first from the dentist. He told me use only 30min, so that is what I did, until the prescription ran out. I noticed nothing but slight discoloration on each tooth and a bit of sensation for a minute. I went to amazon and read reviews on it and seen some people did follow the directions and did 2-4 hours and had better results. So I purchased again in hopes of seeing better results with a longer duration. Four hours is what I did. As I took them off, I felt sensation and seen a little results but not all the way around. SMH, I guess I'll try again.
Cheap price, cheap quality. Not great value. Get the Red Cross Brand. These are thin and may require more of them to do the job depending on what you use them for. Not goot value.
I didn't receive my product the next day like I was supposed to and I'm a prime member and I paid full price for the product
I was expecting this would at least feel as good as my own fingers massaging my scalp and really hoping it would feel even better than that. I was disappointed that it didn't even meet my lowest expectations.
I love this product, so I'm not trying to disparage the actual product, in fact I highly recommend it. However, in my last order of the Vitamin multi-pack I received two tubes of blueberry pomegranate and zero of tangerine lime. I was very disappointed, as that was the flavor I bought the box for. Other than that, great product!
This lace glue is alright it is my first time using, but I will go back to the glue I used before this glue. If you plan on keeping your wig on for a week this is the glue for you, the glue dries fast so you have to apply a lot of the glue in order for your wig to stick
Its ok; did not really notice any improvement to symptoms. I was not getting up thru the night anyway but wanted to reduce daytime frequency; can't tell it this helped or not. did not see significant improvement
It works well but I think it's not worth the price
Still looking. Thanks anyway.
I got this for my husband who had knee surgery. It was a bit smaller than I expected and didn't get as cold as I hoped. It would be better suited towards someone that needs to ice their back because it really isn't flexible enough for joint areas. Short of tying it to his leg, it really didn't help with our need. But it did get cold, which was the purpose I guess.
Love how it works and I was buying to keep my medicine stocked up, however now it's $14 a box? Cheaper by 1/2 at any drug or grocery store, and even more at wal-mart.
This brace has great ankle support. Only problem is that it is not made for people with broad feet. It is way too tight at the front around the ball of the foot. Actually cuts circulation and hurts at the sides. The problem is a wide elastic band. Hopefully this will improve as the brace ages. But it should be a great brace if you have narrower feet.
FYI these do not have a flat bottom, so the basket in the picture would never fit inside. They are better suited to flat things like books or board games for wrapping vs. irregularly shaped objects like a basket.
the aftertaste is pretty funky to me. maybe its the way it has to be, but just ok in my mind.
Not sure this is my fault or the pillow's, but I slide down this at night and by morning I am essentially flat on the bed, which does nothing for my reflux.
I do not feel anything. Been taking this for a week now.
Don't see where the big deal is
Ordered from GPS Medical Supply and the mask was not in a sealed package even though the condition was listed as "new". It doesn't look used but I am not too thrilled with it not being in a sealed package.
Bought this for an elderly relative and installed it on a clean flat (non title surface) in the shower. It worked for about 1 week with only very limited usage (basically 2x) then it randomly fell off by itself. Since then it's fallen 2 more times on it's own. My suggestion is that each time before you plan to use it for a shower, check the light indicators and give it a slight tug to check for sturdiness. I would give this 3.5 stars, because it's not 100% reliable and I wouldn't put someones entire body weight on it.
They come loose pretty easily, but they are really soft.
They are weirdly way smaller than any wipe I have ever use probably about 3/4 the size of a normal pack of wipes. The work well and the box lasted my one year old the whole month. Pretty reasonably priced. I imagine if my daughter was younger and her poo was runny the suze would be a way bigger issue.
They work but they're not as strong as I thought. I broke one by accident and it didn't take much to do so.
It's definitely way more sturdy than the average broom. It's just a lot larger than I expected.
Scent is so faint you can hardly smell it. It is diluted. Won't purchase again.
I've used these for years and couldn't live without them! I have dogs that track stuff in the house all the time. I use this to roll the mess up and to clean their hair off the couch. Chihuahuas. However, I think the quality has gone down over the years. Sometimes more than one sheet comes off or the sheet will not come off in one piece. Never used to have problems like that.
So, it looks like the picture and works as described. I really like the sensation as it is tightened down and my wife loves my reactions and that she can see whats going on. BUT, the plexi has sharp edges and they hurt at the insertion points. I know that's kind of a crazy thing to say about a CBT device, but it gets irritating after a while and we stop sooner than we might have otherwise.
Our first purchase of this was a 5 star. Making certain it was emptied each morning, it lasted for a year. It was wonderful. However the second one we ordered has only lasted 5 months. In addition they changed the opened to make it smaller and the bag hanger is much more cumbersome. It is sad that the quality has slipped because in theory it is a great idea.
Smaller than expected. Single person size
Very poor packing. Cap was broken. Several caplets broken in half. Love the product. Normally buy at Whole Foods. Supplier should improve packaging.
I've had 2. This 1 has a few problems, set cover is not on the cushion correct, lift keeps going down, real problem.
I bought this product since I was training for a marathon. At first I really loved the product as I felt it gave me energy for my long runs. But then as I continued to consume the product it would make my stomach uneasy and gassy. I felt like I had to stop to burp every so often to feel good to continue running. I still like it for short distances but for long distances not sure if it's the product for me.
Recommended by Bosch but I find on occasion they do not dissolve.
My last 2 orders came packaged in bubble envelopes and the product box was crushed in both cases. The blister packs that the capsules are packed in were okay this time, but the last order I got had a few blister packs that were damaged. So a few capsules were damaged and not usable. I think this is my last order of this product through Amazon, as you are taking a chance on receiving a damaged product with the use of envelopes. I took 2 stars off my rating for the substandard shipping.
Actually, I like Nature Made supplements in general. However, this particular supplement is not effective at all, as to the benefits. I am going to re-order Doctor's Best Brand Chelated Magnesium again, which I have used for years, and works just great. I will not bother returning this product.
Just tried them in the shoes where heel is to big. Did not use the adhesive. The did not hit the correct area that is too big. They were soft enough, just didn't make the shoe fit any better.
Cute balloons but they were a pain to blow up. You have to really take your time to find the opening at the bottom or else you'll rip them easily. I messed up maybe 4 out of the entire set, so I just had to tape those flat to the wall. However, I'm glad we got them and they served their purpose.
Rigid sole. Not very comfortable.
Smells good but the hold doesn't last very long
Product appears to be okay. Box had obviously already been opened product head obviously already been removed from its own box. Late delivery and poor condition when it arrived
I have rheumatoid arthritis, was hoping this would help with both buttons and zippers. While it works okay for buttons, every time I try the zipper end, the hook comes off.
The head felt apart after a few uses. The head is attached to the stick with just a small screw.
Would be great if it didn't feel so awkward.
I don't know whether is this product to make my cotton clothes shrinking. But so far I can't find any substitute products
If only they would package them with something that doesn't pull out the threads of the socks. These were delivered with sticky paper wrapped around the socks but when you try and get the paper off it pulls the threads out.
I've used this for almost two year the charger had to be bent for almost the hole time and the wand has stopped working
I have worn the product for a week. The buckles and form shows through my work shirts. The product is not easy to put on and is not giving during my work. I would not purchase this product again; and I would not recommend it to others.
O.K. Haven't finished my project yet though
Skin feels amazing idk about size change yet but we shall see lol
Was hoping for a bit more of a change. Feel a tab better, but not the drastic change I was anticipating.
Just got product 2 hours ago, to soon for an opinion.
I usually buy the Costco pack but I didn't have time to go, so I ordered these on amazon. They arrived the next day which was great, but the first package I opened and the plastic was ripped down the side and has a weird smell to them. I'm wondering if they're old. :(
One of the batteries was smashed and leaking acid. First time trying this brand of batteries
I've tried several BSN S6 flavors and this one is my least favorite. Taste is mediocre and sprinkles feel more like trash that's fallen into the powder. I'll go back to my standard BSN flavors.
i believed it worked for the most part, i'm still taking the supplements and using the gel.. i would recommend anyone who's willing to try it.
this item description is very deceiving. it says 2 pack of 9, which i thought meant i was getting 2 packs of 9, but instead i received 1 pack which had 9 sponges inside. where is the 2 pack part?
These plugs are pretty small. So small that they got lodged way too far in my ears accidentally. They aren't easy to remove. Had to have my partner remove them with tweezers they got so far in after I tried to remove them. (Trust me, I didn't purposefully push them in that far). Almost had to go to Urgent Care... Besides that whole mess, they are pretty comfortable, even when they are pushed right against your ear drum. If you have smaller ears, this would be perfect! Sound was dampened to a comfortable level, and the quality is pretty solid. They hold up really well, even after being picked at by tweezers for 30 minutes. I just can't recommend for the larger ear crowd out there...
it tastes very good. but it's too similar to frosting and not very slippery.
I was willing to try anything for relief - unfortunately, this kit didn't do it for me.
These came in an envelope so they arrived bent, I was able to get them to a somewhat normal shape but wasn't giving them as gifts all bent up. The kids and I play with them.
To small for 1 year old ears
The mask was not as comfortable as I would have liked but was very effective at blocking out the light.
My order arrived on time however ups put it in front of apartment 1 door not second floor.
Heavy duty. Chin pouch long for my face. Angle of cut about 1" back from other I've tried. Not very elastic. Just doesn't fit well due to angle of cut.
This is my second time ordering this product. It mixes well, tastes good and has ingredients to be proud of. I had no issues with my first order last month, but this second one arrived unsealed and starting to spill in the box. I would normally return it, but I'm completely out of BCAA's and I don't feel like waiting or dealing with the hassle of an exchange.
I have been a big fan of Evlution's products for some time now- having used their pre-workout as well as stimulant and non-stimulant far burners in the past. All of which were quality products. However, this particular supplement has been a huge disappointment in terms of quality control. When mixed with other pre-workout powders or even on its own, Evlution Pump Mode does not fully dissolve in nearly any practical amount of water. I have mixed it into both 8 oz and 16 oz containers respectfully and in neither case had Evl's product completely dissolved, but instead left a very off putting mush of non-dissolved particles on-top of the liquid in the glass/shaker that I was drinking out of. Moving onto the taste of the product: I don't really have much to say. I had bought the unflavored version so I had expected it to taste poorly due to it just being pure ingredients (and trust me, it did taste poorly). I am still giving this product three stars because despite its flaws, it does continue to give me solid pumps in the gym which is exactly what it is intended to do. That being said- I will not be purchasing this product again as there are other pump products out there that do the exact same thing but have much better execution.
I think the company should put more of a disclaimer out there about the reactions your pet could have from this probiotic. My pet really had a negative reaction from taking the recommended dose. I cut it back per the instructions but the directions could be more clear in my opinion. He seems to be getting better lately with his GI issues and I would like to say that this probiotic was part of that success but I have no way of telling.
I really have no idea!
Leaves a shining, glue like trail on the eyebrow, so must apply makeup over it.
Eh not my favorite in terms of taste or how it bakes in recipes.
Consistently seeps liquid. The bag itself smells unpleasant.
Order this to make jello shots and out of 500 cups at least 50-60 cups, some how they had a tiny hole on them? I was disappointed.
Stretchable and soft.Not that much gripping as required but seems ok only.
These felt pretty nice at first and seemed to have been the solution to my aching feet. However, after a few days and uses, the effect went away. Now while these are quite comfortable, at the end of the day I'll still have aching feet.
I like the product. However when it arrived, the individual plastic bottles had leaked product so that each bottle was wet. The packaging needs to be improved.
I am A stim junkie when it comes to pre work out. This stuff was ok... it worked but wasn't worth the price. Also the taste is horrible. Absolutely gross.
Hasn't helped my cravings
Gives you the added height that you want, but it makes it kind of uncomfortable to wear the shoes since your feet aren't really able to breathe that well. I can only really stand to wear these for a couple of hours.
I was very disappointed that they sent me something to go in my mouth and the original packaging was open and stuffed into another bag, how disgusting! Amazon took care of me as always. They are very thin and can really scrape your tongue sharply so be careful.
I took them religiously like the directions said, but I had an adverse reaction to them, and had to stop
Didn't notice any difference and I'm pretty serious about my training
This came in a nice box, compressed. It expanded to its normal size once plastic removed. The feel was very firm and not very springy as I have experienced with other Talalay Latex pillows I have owned. I am hoping it will soften up but I do like the shape of it for a side sleeper.
Good quality, and comparable to the sonicare brushes, but the bristles are too soft.
I purchased this to use on an international flight and touring of older buildings. It was great on the flight. I was not able to determine its effectiveness in some of the exposure in older, musty buildings.
THE PRODUCT IS GOOD BUT TOO EXPENSIVE AND I HAD A HARD TIME TO CANCEL THE AUTOMATIC REORDER. YOU CAN IT MUCH CHEAPER ON EBAY AT LEAST 50% CHEAPER.
These bags serve my purpose pretty well, I don't have much compost so by the end of the week the bag itself tends to decompose and leak sometimes but I line my container with another plastic bag to catch anything that might leak out.
When I first put them on today they felt good on my arch. However, the ankle is very tight, felt like it was cutting across the front when I walked. After about 5 minute my toes started to go numb. I had to take them off, it was painful. I do have a very high arch and anything tight across the top of my foot is painful. These are very very firm. I am a women's size 7 medium, and bought the small size which should fit per the package. The package says Designed in the USA, made in PRC which I believe is the People's Republic of China? I was looking for American made goods. I gave them a 3 because maybe part of the problem is my feet.
Receiver overnight diapers instead.... still using them because I needed them, but they are way different than a pull-up
Kind of pricy, the scent is very light, so j can really smell it
One reason for thigh-high compression hose is to avoid blood clots in the main feeder arteries. These hose are unfortunately short and barely come to my mid-thigh. I ordered "medium" although my doctor gave me "small" of another brand, and the smalls are longer than the mediums. My search for reasonably priced (which the doctor's were not) hose continues.
While these do an adequate job of scrubbing, they brake down into little bits that I cannot see being any better than plastic. I have a septic system and these o doubt these are good for it.
These were a little difficult to make out what shade of color these were on some of the squares.
I tried this product because of the good price. I haven't noticed any improvement in my health maybe it will be better over time
I liked this set but I found myself not using them as often as I would have liked to! For example there's not much in the set that works for an older person's birthday (I thought the say yes to new adventures was a little bit childish). Overall, a good bargain for a decent product, just not as versatile as I would have liked.
Seems thinner than “other” brand, but sticks better with sweat and after shower
No as powerful as it use to be and seems somewhat cheaply made. Great idea, but needs work.
We did not purchase this item
Very large and hard to swallow
tastes good, but kind of sticky
I purchased based on the great experience I have had with other products Think Thin has out but this one is Very chewy and had a weird aftertaste. Not a product I would purchase again.
It makes a weird sound like this one was refurbished. I bought another one after this one and that one is perfect.
It was good, but it upset my stomach.
this was a second order and it was different than my original order. the design has changed making it more comfortable, but the material in the bottom makes it feel like walking on ice, very slick and dangerous.
Didn't feel a difference. Too many pills to take to make this work.
used for body building
I bought these because I had seen them at the gym and was currently only drinking the regular small ones. They definitely give an amazing boost and you'll have a great workout but I find them too strong, even if I'm only drinking half. They don't necessarily leave you crashing but you definitely feel yourself coming down and it's a strange feeling. Also, I've drank a whole one before the gym and couldn't sleep that night so limit your intake until you know what your body can handle. Very yummy flavors though.
The description said 3 count (pack of 3) which clearly means 3 package which I only receive one package of 3 count. Customer service said the description is no accurate. Well it needs to be updated. It's very misleading.
This is a well made brush. It is very small.
Worked really well for about three months of running 3-4 times a week. I've noticed lately that they no longer stay up after the first mile. I'm not sure if that's normal for these types of socks or not. Otherwise very happy with them.
Does the job but a bit flaky. Don't really like the little rollers under the feet.
Everything is good, but the writing comes off the tubes after a few uses...
Quality needles and good tubes, the grips slide when in use
Haven't used the product yet but are arrived open leaking with some of the stuff coming out
Good price but the one i received expire in nov 2018. I would have prefered a longer shelf life. I'm pre-diabetic and only test about 2 times a month to insure my level has not increased. If you test daily it would not be a issue but if your actually diabetic your supplies would likely be covered thru insurance.
They are good, one broke already tho after only a month.
It wasn't for me but it might work for you!
Purchased to help relax and get better sleep. So far, nothing negative. Too soon to tell determine benefit.
1/2 the package was broken - the delivery box was wet on one side from broken freezer pops
I was so excited that I finally got my first massage table but this handle is not right. I can't push this handle down and so not stable and dangerous!
A few times now I have ordered items from Amazon in plastic bottles, they sometimes arrive with what I assume are distortions to the bottom of the bottle from being out in the heat. The bottles won't sit flat.
Tried giving the product a shot. Leaks between the legs and overnight leaks up the side. I'll give it longer and update the review if that stops. It also makes a strange squeeking sound on my little one. I always think she farted but it's just the diaper material making a sound. LOL.
Easy to use - did the trick! However - the clamp was a bit broken and so I had to pinch the hose myself which can get... messy. Water squirting everywhere out of the hose is not something you're looking to deal with while also trying to administer an enema. Further - the box was damaged. The products were unopened and unused, but the box was thoroughly beat up - scratched, dinged, torn at some corners.
Great product except for natural flavors
Still waiting for results
These are OK, but be sure to take them with food, since they are a bit hard on the stomach.
Worked ok, but didn't really stay stuck for the entire night of use.
It says there is 60 grams of product in a 120 gram jar but my jar is only 1/4 full. I would think it should be at least 1/2 full. But I don't have a scale.
I have migraines and headaches all the time, and usually go for ice packs with wash cloths over them for my forehead, and a clay based ice pack on my neck. It's a bit difficult to hold an ice pack on your forehead for an extended period of time, so I thought it couldn't hurt to try this. Pros: stays put, and elastic band is not too tight on what I would consider a slightly larger female head. Cons: takes too long to re-freeze and will drip water on your face as it thaws. If I had to buy another eye mask, I would find one with cloth on both sides to reduce condensation. It was very irritating to have moisture running down my face while I was in pain.
The price is good and it's very light. However, the blue tips at the end are not aligned at all. The materials look like they can fall apart easily but we will see after repeated use. The magnetic tip picks up a key in a small keychain easily.
This product has a lot of pieces to try to figure out how they go and I found I preferred using my smaller one for this. It is well-made but would not buy it again.
This is good for the price. The directions have no words, just pictures, and can be hard to follow. There is a trick to this shower head. When you attach the shower head to the hose, do not tighten it all the way. This causes the shower head not to work properly. Water can't spray out because the 2 parts press so tightly together. It has to be tightened and then just back off a bit. This took us quite a while to figure out but now it works.
Ordered 4, one was broken
First of all, these taste amazing! If you happen to like those red hot candies, then you will love these. I want to just eat them as candy, but of course they are way too expensive for that. I bought them because I have all day nausea with my pregnancy. They don't really seem to help with the nausea, but I do enjoy them! I guess I would say that I don't notice the nausea while I'm eating them, but I'm looking for something that has long-lasting effects. Chewing gum or eating a piece of buttered toast is a good quick fix for me. I guess I'll stick with those for now.
It's was okay... the smell wasn't that bad.
Do not use it for how I intended. Very touchy and the slightest mgmt causes incorrect readings
I had high hopes for this healthy drink. But my 3.5yr old refuses to drink this gross drink. Waste of money if he won't drink it! :(
i was trying to get my free bottle after 2 weeks i bought it,but having trouble and then i tried again after 3 months still the same.though i don't notice any improvements in my hair.
I cut them in half and take AM & PM. In the morning I take it on an empty stomach with no issues.
I've only been using for couple weeks....can't tell if it's helping. I purchased this with the hope that it would improve my libido. I need to give it more time.
What is this 2006. Maybe I'm doing it wrong.
I just got my package and its leaking. Thats why i only giving 3 stars. Good product, bad shipping, ugly outcome.
Leaves a white residue and it was very annoying and looked ugly.
Smells good, too soon to say if it will help my hair grow. Arrived fast!!!
bottle was opened but they are replacing for free
Difficult to use and complicated formulas for determining body fat percentage. I decided to buy an electronic scale that uses body impedance to measure body fat percentage. Not sure how accurate either product is, but as long as it's consistent, I aught to be able to track up and down.
Zip an advantage. Socks tear easily and zipper catches on backing so must be very careful.
It has all of the equipment that it states is included but there are no instructions.
This says its for children. It looks exactly like an adult one to me. It fits loose on children in my opinion.
Light to carry, easy to assemble! Not very sturdy tho if you tip it'll tip with you!
I don't care for the way the eyeholes are cut. I needed them to be close to my lid and undereye areas and they are not. So I have to move them up and down. The seams are sharp. I don't wrap it around my head because they don't cover the area I needed covered. I keep the mask in the fridge. I cant keep it against my eyes for very long as my eyes start to dry/hurt, I am thinking because of the coldness? All in all, I wont buy again. But that doesn't mean you wont like it, just me.
Gave this as a gift to a gym goer who drinks a preworkout and protein shakes. She likes it!
I used two of them and threw them in the washing machine. Was told I could. But when removing them after washing found the edges are unraveling. Now just threads from the edges. How do you avoid this? I only have one left that is any good. Sitting down and cutting off the threads from the edges was not something I was planning to do.
Not really worth the price.
I didn't notice any change in energy, stamina, or sense of well being. Therefore, I didn't order again after finishing the product.
They are really cute but not good quality
These are nice hard gel pads, more suited for walking. My feet started going numb when I used them in my tap shoes during class. I think they were putting too much pressure on nerve endings.
It's hard to review this product because I have no idea if it is even doing anything. I've been taking the 200mg dose now after first using the 100mg dose...and I see little to no difference. I've been taking this product for about two months now and I don't see any change in anxiety levels. I was hoping this product would help a bit more, but I think after my current bottle runs out, I won't take it again.
This is the second shipment of this product that the bottles have not been properly sealed so the entire shipment is covered on dishwashing liquid. This time, half of one of the bottles spilled inside the box because the lid loosened on it. Very poor packaging! I was hoping it would improve after my last complaint.
It's nice but got broke to soon
Used these for a pair of shoes I bought for a wedding which I didn't know end up using, but I wore them to the synagogue this week. The traction was fine, but I just looked at them now and noticed that the pad moved on the bottom of the shoe! Was very surprised. Photos above are after only one use. Also, very challenging to remove the sticker from the pad.
Great for cleaning woodwind pads!
This was great and a life saver! Then it died. I thought something might be wrong with my electricity but see other people leaving similar reviews. Maybe they just don't live forever. Super effective, but might buy a heated blanket > replacing one of these every 6 months
Great design and it worked pretty well for my should but the cap cracked when as I tightened it. It would be better if the cap can be make with better material.
I don't really trust the blood glucose readings on this meter. My vet has the same meter and suggested I get this one. When I tested my dog in the waiting room 3 minutes before my vet tested her, mine said 55 points higher than the vet's meter said. One time it showed 42 (very low for dogs) when my dog was bouncing around wanting me to throw the ball. At 42, she should have been crashing so I have a hard time believing she was really at 42. I calibrated it correctly with the strips it came with and I even bought new strips and calibrated the meter for them. I just don't trust the results. The test strips are super expensive too. If you don't get enough blood on them, you have to use another one. I have used 3 before, just trying to get one test result.
Decent for what you pay for, but the sticky line doesn't stay stuck 85% of the time.
The socks fit well and were comfortable for short walking distances. The big problem is the logo is on the bottom of the foot. After a mile I got a blister from that. From then on, I had to wear them inside out and upside down if I was going to wear them outside.
Received item but eye dropper was broken in bottle.
It takes forever to disolve in coffee. I've tried other collagen powders and none of them are so difficult to disolve.
These do not hold up real well. I bought these for my daughter for some swelling she was getting in her toes and calves. She loves the color and look. But they get holes pretty easily. She has had to throw out a few socks. Being a teen, she doesn't mind mismatching socks, so she just pairs the good sock with another. If you are looking for good socks you could have for a while, I would recommend buying a different brand. These are cute, though.
This definitely cleans the toilet bowl, but for me the smell of bleach was so strong in the beginning that my eyes would water. I don't know if I would order this in future.
The product arrived on time but after installation, my fingerprint ID does not work. That was one of the reasons why I purchased this item, thinking I get the privacy and security of fingerprint recognition. Also seems like I have to tap my screen a little harder in order to get into an app. Screen sensitivity is definitely reduced with this product.
The dollar store has them cheaper with the same quality. I should've read the dimensions more carefully because it's not as wide as I thought.
Product as described but the taste is rather disgusting. It is a cross between a mineral citrus trying to be disguised with a sweetness. The taste will stay with you for awhile. You will need a chaser. I will finish the bottle but won't buy again. I am not sure of the absorbency.
Products (do not use seal )was broken upon receiving this item, I have read there may be tampering by this distributor...will not buy again
This protein is awful with milk and almond milk. Only water doesn't give it a bad aftertaste.
the product is cheap, but does not ease the pain, so do not waste your money
Didn't have the results I was expecting for the price. Almost no effect and with that didn't give me slight edge for long
The operating system is a total buzz kill literally and figuratively.
I love Mrs Meyers cleaning concentrate. This scent didn't work for me. I sneeze every time I use it. I'm not allergic to lavender so it is something else that they use in this specific blend. Be aware of that if you struggle with seasonal allergies. I do love the other scents and I do not have a problem with them.
OK, got this just for soaking only, No frills. Basic construction. Plain. Simple. Doesn't warrant the cost though...
Very sticky, not like gummies, took 4 days more from arriving day
I bought these for if/when my blood sugar drops too low from insulin use. I don't need to use them often.. in fact, I haven't had to use one yet! But, as I finally opened the package today to stash these in different places like vehicles, work, frequently visited friends/relatives homes, etc.. I noticed one of them had this white crust in the corner. It seems as though some of the gel at some point has leaked out and dried to a sugary, crusty powder. I'm glad I noticed. I don't know if this was a problem that occured during manufacturing, or if somewhere along the line the package was squeezed hard and the corner seam split and allowed it to leak? I don't know- I'm just speculating. Anyway, the other pouches seem fine. But since this one has been "exposed," I don't feel comfortable eating it. Check your pouches closely. This is probably a one-off, but I wanted to mention it for others. I'll add photos if I can figure out how to-
Have not felt a significant difference despite taking them daily.
Bulky and annoying but it did it's job and brought my muscles back together after being pregnant. Good if you stay in all day for about a week. Not for under clothing due to it being bulky and the Velcro band corners curl back no matter how loose you have it on.
A CPAP mask keeps the cap from sliding down, but if you are wearing it by itself it turns into a blindfold during the night because the chinstrap pulls it down and forward over your face. A pro is it is made of cotton so it breaths and won't smell like an old gym sock in the morning. A con is it is expensive compared to other products.
goes bad quickly if you don't keep it closed tightly
really really easy dry, even I sealed cap
Honestly, the flavor taste like cough medicine; bad after taste BUT it really helped put that much needed boost to my run and helped with with the last couple of miles at the Chicago Marathon dropping the pace by 2 full minutes! I wish the manufacturers would make it taste better!
Does work well and gives teenage years hardness for 3-4 days. The negative for myself was bad acid reflux and lower back pain
Hard to review after only 15 days but I will buy it again and give it a chance.. package of 60 does not go very far at 4 per day!
I tried this on the recommendation of a friend. While I haven't noticed a huge change, I think it's helping- granted I could probably use more in my smoothie. I thought it would have a 'green' taste that wouldn't appeal, but it blends in fine and isn't gritty. I will continue to increase the amount I put in my smoothies and report again later.
They don't fit my unit, mine are rectangular and these are round! Thanks
From day one, the hinges squeaked (I did not get it wet) The velcro from the metal bars ruined my jeans, so I would recommend getting a leg sleeve.
Its a nice feeling messager however for pleasure not powerful enough.
Good source of protein, but high in sodium. It raised my blood pressure.
I'm still on the fence right now. I generally think supps that require you take 4 capsules as 1 dose are suspect. I will return with a review later
I like the energy drinks themselves however upon delivery, 3 of the 12 cans were busted open and spraying out. The box was saturated as well. It turns out to be a very expensive drink when you only get 9 for 29 bucks.
I love the idea of this, but the reality didn't quite pan out. The screw-on dildo is a great idea from a stability standpoint, but it's a little hard to use. The base--and the dildo--are very stiff and it's hard to get in a spot where it's comfortable, at least for me. And because it's such a stiff material, you lose any sensation. We tried it twice and then just made a trip to the store to buy a better one. My advice: skip this one and go with a o-ring one. You'll get far more pleasure and you can change the sizes to suit you. This one turned out to be a bit small for us, too.
My roommate recommended trying this out after seeing YouTube reviews on it. I have straight, non curly hair, but I wanted my hair to grow fast. So I gave it a try, do not try this if you have straight hair. Save your money and get something else. Because I washed my hair like 3 times before it got out with vinegar. But, my roommate does have curly hair so it didn't go to waste and she has been using it for two days. The STRONG smell doesn't seem to bother her, and it doesn't look greasy like it did on mine. This wasn't a hair product for me, but it seems to be working for her. But the smell is incredibly strong, if you do have curly hair but are sensitive to smells. I wouldn't suggest this either, it is incredibly strong. Opening the tube and having some out fills the entire room with the smell. That's my warning.
I received the basic dark pink razor not the one shown in this picture. I messaged seller and they said the polka dot razor is no longer available. They are offering me 15% refund. Giving 3 stars because I did receive a razor just not the one in the picture. Please update picture so that other people don't have to deal with this disappointment.
Delivery service stuffed the box in locker. Both sides of the box we're ripped opened. M
Things I like : it's both a heating and cooling option , the belt stays in place, automatic timer . Things I hate : it doesn't get hot enough even at max setting . If the heat setting is increased this product would be perfect
After giving this product a chance for one month, I can see that the white specks on my nails are gradually fading. They are also growing stronger which makes them hard to break. Although I am not seeing big results on my complexion, for now, I can still notice a few changes in achieving the healthy glow and some of my acne marks are starting to vanish as well. Being patient and consistent in taking this product plays a huge role if you want the best results from it.
I really like his, good smooth draw and seems to somethings work but sometimes not :/ it lasted me one day. One single day. I like it I just wish that it lasted longer, no signature required, the flavor is ok, makes my head hurt after a few seconds though. Overall an average product in the sense that it has good qualities and bad :)
It's comfortable but doesn't do much for pain
It is a wonderful device, and nice for some teasing play, but it is personally not powerful enough for me. No complaints about it though.
When I can get a reading, it is great. However, the trick is getting my finger and the sensor to seemingly be friendly with one another. Too inconsistent in operations.
It isn't that strong but it works
Nice and works fine, but a bit too flexible and soft. Also the glue is not the best
Delivered on time! Very clean fresh smell. Only problem is too strong for me. It could last for two weeks. But I think I would try different one next time .
would love to be able to mix an match sets but this will do for now
I bought this brush to use as a re-usable lint roller, since I hate creating so much waste with the tear off strips. It works for that so far. I have yet to use it on a lot of short dog hair. I bought this one since it was made of wood and not plastic. It's getting three stars for materials and packaging. Unfortunately, the chrome looking piece is definitely plastic (more likely to break) and the materials don't look as nice as they do in the picture. The packaging was RIDICULOUS. It came in a plastic padded envelope INSIDE Amazon's plastic padded envelope. Inside the two envelopes, each piece was wrapped in plastic... It was so wasteful. I'm grateful I had to only buy it once, but I really dislike companies who are unsustainable and don't think about how much unnecessary waste they are creating.
Not as large of a roll as expected. Paper towels are great, just not enough of them.
I love that it is natural, and I bought it for my toddler who hates having bowel movements. He will literally hold it until he has an accident. I was suggested this product. It seemed to do nothing for him. (I am not sure if my son fought harder to hold it, or if it didn't do much.) I also took a dose so I would know what it would do to my son, but it didn't seem to do much for me either.
I guess maybe I wasn't using it for it's right purpose because I just used it anytime I went outside in the morning. It made me sweat a lot and it was hard to breathe in while walking. Other than that great product.
Provide okay insulation and are low profile so not too much bulk added to my shoes. Did not provide as much insulation as i'd hoped. Used these in leather boots walking around NYC thus past December/Christmas.
Thought that it came with the incense holder, I was wrong, only the incense. Incense smells good and burns well.
This is a nice paw patrol canopy but we had a hard time keeping it straight over the bed and ours did not glow in the dark at all.
This product didn't do anything for me that I noticed. It didn't bother me in any way, I just didn't notice any results after the first bottle. I am getting so much better results for my issues of gas and bloating now with a digestive enzyme. Not a bad product, just wasn't what my body needed.
Much larger than anticipated. The top is difficult to pull off. I really have to twist and get my fingernail in the crack to separate the top and bottom. The mist output is good and the variable times are nice. Glad it doesn't beep when it turns off. I have other diffusers that I like better.
Really good but price too high
The light is great but the mirror does not seem to be glass as stated in the answers to questions. It scratches easily.
I changed to Senna-S as it is both lax and softener
I can't really tell that I feel better taking it.
Did not loose any weight or see any significant changes even when combined with exercise, and healthier eating
Everything inside is great but the red parts that's are supposed to keep it shut slide easily and don't lock so have to tie something around the handle to keep it closed so everything doesn't spill out
Came in box you could tell had extra space but not enough packing
It's okay, doesn't really give me that tingly feeling like other pre workouts I've had. It does taste good(fruit punch).
I ordered this in a small/medium. The pad would get 5 stars if it fit correctly. I wanted it to wear when barefoot in the house so I would not have to wear shoes with a pad and it slips around and works its way up over my foot after a very short time. It also cramps my foot when sitting so I will just go back to using the corn pads for my metatarsal pain which are cheaper and can be put right where I need it.
The fabric was a little itchy and not really breathable. They were not as tight as they needed to be, but that is my own fault and not factored in to the review.
The pill boxes were exactly what I wanted but one of the lights was very faint and the other was strong. The reason I like these pill boxes is because of the light. I feel I didn't receive what I paid for.
This stuff made me feel really bloated, I haven't used it for a while but may try it again.
Didn't see much of a difference.
Second time purchasing this product, for the price it's a great. I have 2 distinct lines on my neck, this really helped one of them look less dominant. The other has remained the same, curious to see what another month will do.
Hate the taste... very sweet.. I kept them however undecided if i will order again
It's ok and works if you have nothing else. I use it at work but the smell reminds me of lemon pledge. I guess there are worse things you could be smelling..........
The silicone seems to be of good quality, but I can't say I love this sterilizing cup because 1- it's not easy to fold it back 2- I didn't fill it all the way up with water, I just used enough water to cover most part of my cup and still, after microwaving it opened and leaked (as I show in the picture). I had read a review saying the same thing before but I chose to give it a try anyways, so I guess it's my fault.
They are great but had 4 great were bad!
I get these bars at my gym all the time and decided to buy in bulk to save some $$. I love the peanut butter ones they have but the one that I ordered was really hard to chew on and that's why 3 stars :/ these ones are way off in flavor and texture than the ones I'm getting at my gym. Back to the search for protein bar
These lids require adjusting to make them fit. And even after I finally get them onto my various to go cups, the lid slips off easily.
Not really noticing a difference yet but haven't been taking it long
I don't really see the benefits in using it, but I am not taking it everyday. I think I like Calm Spirit better.
I don't think the lavender smells that great and its smell doesn't linger either, it's more like spraying coloured water, and it doesn't clean that great either, I've purchased other Method sprays that did work well, I shall not be buying this again. All these great 5 star reviews caused me to expect more than the product is worth.
Product arrived on time as promised. Tried it on and had to adjust the straps to be just so or light would enter through the area just under the bridge of my nose. I imagine the strap behind my head will slip when sleeping but do not know as yet and will post another review after use. The product was soft and felt comfortable on the test run. Will be the first time I have used a sleep mask so am looking forward to seeing it performs as intended.
Works well just for the first time, then is like the others chopstick.
Only 1 of the test worked. The other started the blinking dots and then completely cut off and never came back on. Very disappointed.
It's a good massager but needs a little more power.
I'm someone who suffers from both Fall and Spring allergies and have been for years. I've been using Claritin but decided to give this a try for the price. Very quickly after switching to this product I noticed my allergies get significantly worse than when I was on Claritin. It's better then nothing though, but if you can afford the Claritin, I'd recommend that over this generic alternative, especially during the peak of allergy season.
Kind of bummed it came with a bristle missing on the brush. Other than that it's great.
This might be a good thing for pcos females, but I wish it would make a more filling feeling. It was not bad either. It made me feel somewhat lighter and guilt free, I suppose.
I can feel it slowing down or stopping when it hits my brow. Just not strong enough
I am so bummed! My husband got me this for Christmas and after using it only a couple times it completely stopped working. It won't charge and I followed all the troubleshooting steps online and nothing helps. I did like it the couple times I used it and it seemed really awesome to see your progress with the app. I would've loved it if it would have kept working. Amazon customer service was really helpful solving the problem.
Not that soft. I expect softer bristles.
I like this product very much. As a singer it is useful for vocal health. However, the last package I ordered arrived with one of the bottles broken and the other a sticky mess!
Its alright, its not metal as i expected
A similar product seemed to work last year, though I don't recall the manufacturer. This year, I placed a bulk order. I wore 2 bracelets (left wrist & both ankles) - I still go bit. I have to use mosquito spray with the bracelets....... they don't seem to keep them away.
It did not come with instructions.. So not aure if I am using it correctly..
I had high expectations for these after reading all of the positive reviews, but unfortunately... The coals break in half while heating up or 5-10 minutes into your session. They get the job done, but there is definitely better quality out there that won't fall apart on you.
Used only a few times. It's already broken. Stopped working.
Used for muscle cramps. It worked, but I developed a new issue, joint pain in both baby fingers. Stopped using and the pain lessened dramatically.
LOVE that the soap isn't full of chemicals and fillers. Don't love that it isn't super effective at washing those sweaty workout clothing or sock stench. It takes several washes with the Suds alone. We have added in Vinegar and it's much better than before, though still not great. I'll take it over the fake scents and petrol in traditional detergents though!
Nice pre rolled tips. They did Forgot to send the tube. Gave me a me full return though.
I've used three so far, none of them got too hot...maybe lukewarm at best....my mom used one...same thing except only one of the pads got noticeably hot so I know it's not improper use. It's just random which ones will actually heat up. A little disappointed actually
Not sure the quality or if all the good stuff as claimed is really better than less expensive prenatal vitamins as I am still taking it and am hoping baby is healthy when born. Pill-wise, you have to take 2 daily which is annoying as I already have pregnancy brains. Many days I forget to take both or forget how many I had, which was the reason for the 3 stars. Won't do me good if I'm not taking the amount I need. The pills are also big, which may be on par with other vitamins but I took a prescribed mini pill before and was not used to this one for awhile. This also has a slight fishy smell and taste but it doesn't really bother me, just tells me it has the fish oil that the baby needs so I'm fine with it.
Work good, just larger it covered more of my forehead and temple area. Nose pop out was too big for normal sized nose
Can't say it helps a whole lot. Was expecting better results.
Didn't dissolve well
The product was great but very expensive
Fabric is not a deep grape like purple. It's more lilac. Fleece like fabric is quite thin and doesn't add much padding. Only thing it helped was my knee from sticking to the plastic scooter pad.
Other product I use is far more effective for the use!
The menthol is definitely felt, but the numbing isn't as strong as some other products. It also doesn't last as long.
I only ordered one but the next month I received another shipment. Not really happy about receiving auto ship.
I've been using this product for pain relief after knee replacement. When refrigerator-cold, it conforms easily to body contour. When frozen, the beads are surrounded by ice crystals, and you have to wit for them to warm up a bit before they get pliable. the "sleeves" for them are velvety and won't slip around, but are a little too thick to allow maximum cold-penetration. If I were designing them, I'd make the packs twice as long.
the product was fine but the delivery took 6 days and my map said it was a 38 hr trip. i realize there were stops but i think it took much too long.
This air cast / boot sock is well made and tall enough for me at 5'3" but the fabric is a somewhat thin and I found that it wasn't giving me much of a cushion between my broken ankle and the boot. There are other socks out there that are a little thicker and more comfortable inside of a boot.
Price is good, you get a lot of matcha. The taste however wasn't as good as other brands I have tried. I will order the one I like instead even if the cost is higher. Not sure what to do with all this matcha though
Didn't come in the packaging that was shown, and they were a different color than pictured. On the small side for my head, scratches more than massages for me. Good quality though.
Not too impressed. The third time I took it off, some of the stitching on the Velcro came apart. It helped a little with the pain but not a lot and started to roll up on me during the day after a week. Could be helpful for others but not for me.
This strips need a little more blood. Easy to use
Product came in a timely manner. However, it wasn't packaged properly and had leaked in the box. So I really ended up only getting a bottle that is about 1/2 full:(
the broom itself is very low quality imo. the advantage and reason to order is if you need the dustpan that has tall handle if you have issues that make it hard to bend, etc. for that it's great but takes a lot of room and the broom itself is not good quality compared to what i would buy from home stores.
They work great. Would have given 5 but I and to re-glue the rubber ear piece back on keeps coming off!
I did a test upon receiving this to see if it stayed on as long as other brands that I like without any problems. It stayed on until I pulled it off for church after 48 hours and the edges did not curl off. It also did not cause significant irritation or itching to my skin like a few brands have. However, it is made of a different material than every other kinesiology tape that I have used or seen. Whereas the others have a cotton-like appearance, this is made of a material like spandex / lycra - think of the shiny bike shorts from the 80's. This causes it to be significantly stretchier than the other tapes I have used, which means that the performance could be different since it will move more easily with the skin and not pull the skin away from the muscle as strongly. Until I know how this works for me, I will most likely use it in a few longer practices until I know if it is effective or not. If it works, it is a very good value for the price, but until it has been tested, I wouldn't use this in a performance situation just to save a few dollars.
Just got these today. Will try to keep using for the whole bottle and will update! I have perfect 20/20 vision, got tested recently. If anything damages my vision while using this, I will post.
Product requires more than usual scoops to get same affect as others. The medicinal aftertaste lingers.
Just another me-too product for my husband and me ...
i just dont like the taste of this taste like dish soap,
Work well but Too small for the job.
They did the job nicely to hold our candy coated pretzel rods, but I prefer the ones with the adhesive closure which are way more convenient and easy to use then have to tie a ribbon on each one : (
Doesn't stay up as well.
This is a great lotion. However, the bottle looks like it has been ran over and is pretty scratched up. Lotion squirts out the side of the bottle. The shipping package the bottle arrived in looks fine.
Bought this for computer and tablet use based on some reviews. My touchpad, my tablet, and my phone don't respond.
Not what I expected - my bad.
Wasn't as strong as a normal bullet style vibes
These are small and kind of cheap. They're better than nothing, which is what we had before, but they fall apart easily, even if you're just using them on a chip bag.
Tissues are a bit rough. I will stick with Ocusoft Lid Scrubs...and more economical too.
I have it only 3stars cuz the color was really off for the pic. It showed light aqua an what came was green aqua.
Worked ok but unfortunately it popped at a seam.
I bought this thermometer based on reviews here but it stopped working properly after just under one month of use! The thermometer fails to beep even after I wait longer than 2 minutes for my temperature reading. I would question the high ratings here and look for a better bbt thermometer. Update: The tried to use it one last time before returning it for a refund and it started beeping again and working like it did when I first received it in the mail. I've decided to give it another chance. One week later and it is still beeping and taking my temperature. Hoping the temp readings are accurate! Customer service has been good so far. They got back to me about a replacement / refund. We'll see how the one I have continues to perform...
There are very few things I won't eat but I really don't care for the taste of this shake. I was looking for something cheaper than Shakeology. This doesn't compare as far as flavor goes.
Am missing the part to connect to the wall only have the car one
We did not like the taste or the texture of these gummies. I wish I could return
it seem to be working ok. Thank-you.
Fast shipping...good price...but sent wrong tip.
I SHOULD HAVE STAYED WITH MY GAIN OR TIDE, CAUSE I DONT SMELL A THING FRESH FROM THIS !!!!
Good price but does not mix well at all
I did not like it very much because the entrances are very wide
I'm mixed on my feelings towards this unit. The price is amazing. It works really well, especially on relieving my lower back pain when I have it. (Main reason I bought this unit) Unfortunately today I accidentally dropped it from a very short height and the screen broke. The glass screen looks to be incredibly thin. I'm not blaming the product. I dropped it. But just making others aware that the screen is very fragile. The unit is still working but with the screen braking so easy, it does worry me a little about what else may have gone wrong. Warranty does not cover accidents so if you do get this unit, be extra careful with it.
It's a toilet seat cover so there's not a lot to say other than the perforation tabs are much too big and it's almost impossible to separate the inner section from the seat cover without tearing the whole thing.
It calms my kid down the effect is just too fast ! Maybe last 2 hours
Bigger than I expected it holds a lot. The one thing I don't like is that gel caps ,i.e, iron and co q 10 get stuck. And small tablets like aspirin don't stay in place
Too expensive and you don't get the subscribe and save price. Subscribe and save says $42 but I was charges $49. Did not really notice anything after 3 months. Mike
We've been trying to find an environmentally friendly sponge. These work well if you don't need to get into small uneven areas and you don't need to an anything otherwise you have to put a lot of effort into getting any dirt off.
So it did feel really amazing after I got it. But it wouldn't dry after cleaning no matter what I used. It also lost a lot of its suction and wasn't as tight within the first week. Overall a great starter. It'll help you decide if you want one better and it feels amazing. It's noisy after the first few times and the suction looses its grip after a few goes. But all in all when affordable toy.
This is a very good product my problem is that this and many other Prime products now seem to be much higher than it's available on other sites and in brick and mortar stores. This seems to be Amazon's new policy - pay a premium for Prime and then the highest prices on many products. I have seen others asking sellers why the prices are high and "wasn't Amazon supposed to be lower competitive prices" and the response was has usually been something like: No Amazon is not for lower price competition. I do still find items that are competitive however, for Prime that seems to becoming less and less. So like this product I am purchasing elsewhere. Not to mention the employees now selling our information and removing "bad" reviews when paid for by sellers so this may never be posted.
Still sweated through
I noticed they flake and shed some of the material after each use. My daughter's skin is super sensitive and this one sadly still gave her a diaper rash so we will have to keep looking for a wipe brand that works for her. Also the closing of the bag isn't super great because it's just a sticker so at least you waste one wipe after each use because it drys up.
Appearance not as described. The handle was not pink, white and beige "marble". It is just beige and white marble.
I am on my 3rd of 6 bottles. As of yet, I have yet to see any of the advertised benefits. I would not make a second purchase of this product
my husband has Parkinson disease and has problems getting the food to his mouth without spilling. these tools have helped him in eating. the one problem we found (too late for a return!) was the knife that seems to be loose and bent. He hardly ever uses the knife so we did not notice the defect until recently. otherwise the utensils are great.
To light for me but very nice
This device helps with my tinnitus , but it is not the whole answer.
Not as soft as the original.
Not for me. These plugs may work for others so this is solely my opinion due to what I prefer. It's really not about the product itself because others may love it. They came packaged nice. As I removed them I noticed right away that they were a play-dough or clay-molding type consistency. From reading others reviews I only used one and split that in half because I have small ear canals. I molded them per the package instructions and put them in my ears. I did not like the residue that they left on my fingers from molding them to fit my ear and putting them in and the thought of that being in my ears bothered me, but I wanted to give them a try. They went in easily and formed to my canal perfectly. I can only compare them to the foam earplugs that I normally wear which are the green ones that look like a torpedo - they have a little extra rim on the end that I use to mold to the outer area of the ear canal to help block the sound. I was not able to do that with this product because it was too pliable and spread too thin. I found them to be the same comfort level as a foam earplug overnight. I sleep with an extremely heavy snorer and found that they did not work as good as my foam plugs to muffle the snoring all night. I woke several times and had difficulty going back to sleep because it just didn't quite block out enough decibels for me. As I removed them in the morning, I used the twist motion so that it would not suck at my eardrums when I removed them and that worked fine. It felt like they left behind a residue in my ear, although that could have been all in my head because of when I formed them the night before and the residue left on my fingers. Also it really wouldn't be a big deal if there was a little residue because it would be cleaned out with the morning shower anyway. Just not for me - others may try them and love them. It is all about personal preference on this one people.
Not impressed with this item. Not sure about the accuracy of it. I use a regular arm unit to monitor my BP on a regular basis. And was hoping this would make it easier to do so. But when I compare them reading between this unit & my regular arm unit, this unit is always proving a considerably higher reading. It is consistent with its readings though.
Nice replacement. Bristles too soft.
Didn't work still healing after stopping it for months my skin dyed around the treated area. Wort is still on my toe
feels pretty good but arrived very sticky
I don't feel anything or notice any weight loss. I'm not sure what else to say.
this can give you a rough baseline but it is far from accurate. I bounce from doctor to doctor and this BP monitor is not in the same ballpark as any of theirs. If you have a serious condition that needs a lot of attention, don't buy this product. If you just want a ballpark number that is easy to use, then this is great.
I took these for a month and did not notice a difference when compared to cheaper brands.
Liked the product. But when I received product it was marked $4 less than what I paid. I called the sender and they would NOT budge on the price. Personally I though that was kind of Crappy! wont order from anything from them again for that reason.
Could be a little tougher. Not real great if you have large arms. Also very hard to adjust to
Update: I'm changing this from 4 stars to 3 because I can't seem to get a full nights rest with these lately. I tried sleeping on my own without these and they worked! These do help me take a nap during the daytime though so that's why I won't make it any lower. I hated this at first and was about to return it but I held on because these were comfortable. I had a problem with the straps because they get uncomfortable to wear and I had to adjust them around until I found the sweet spot. The straps are a little too big compared to others I've used but I'm getting used to it. I like the top cover the most because it's comfortable and blocks out all sunlight. I'd recommend this!
I've been taking this for about 4-6 months. It's been good but I don't or cannot say it's the best since it's the only one I've tried. My nails are stringer and skin looks great. As far as pain I'd give it a 3 out of 10
I don't know what it tastes like but baby doesn't mind taking it, so I suppose it's ok. I prefer the dispenser that has the long dropper that can be put in baby's mouth rather than this type of dropper. I find that the only way to use this one is to place a drop into something the baby is going to eat/drink since you cannot effectively dispense the amount indicated if dropper is in baby's mouth. And if it's not in baby's mouth, product ends up in the drool that is forever coming since baby is teething. Very inconvenient for a 6 m/o.
It's ok... I didn't realize it did not include a battery since another reviewer said it did so I had to wait to get batteries to try it out. It does vibrate but it is kind of too rough for a pleasant head massage.
Feels okay with a lubrication even though the body is fairly hard. Not strong enough to bring to climax for my taste.
This product is rather small but comes in a pack of 3. It looks and smells great, but the scent is one that can only be smelled up close. It is super faint when placed in a room (and I have a pretty small room). It was almost like spraying air freshener in a musky room and both scents just weigh the room, existing in the same area, neither strong or better than the other. In short: it's cute but faint/barely noticeable
ok I think can not till
Scent is nice, not very much hold.
Putting in two sheets to help prevent wrinkling.
It arrived on time and very neatly packaged. Unfortunately several of the balloons had holes in them and wouldn't hold air including the most important large Black balloon. I put a lot of effort into making this a great occasion for our Family and was really disappointed that the centerpiece of the entire party had to be strung dangling from the rafter and couldn't hold much air after having to tape up the holes. Needless to say the confetti didn't pop out of the ballon, it just plopped. I would have definitely given this item a 5+ star review if the large black balloon (and several other smaller balloons) didn't have holes in them.
The box didn't look this exotic just came in tiny box - I guess they optimized the image. Saw it on Vitamin Shoppe just now for 27.99 so I felt like I got a deal. I love these bars but don't fool customers about the look. Honesty is best as we females love things to keep us motivated.
I use this size for dinner napkins, but everyday is too thin. I got a refund and I placed a new order for the 3 ply--thicker and very good quality with great absorbing capacity.
more directions are needed about using contents
Gloves fit, are fairly comfortable but the side seam on the right glove has started to pull apart after one wearing, of only a few hours.
Ok. Beats going to walmart
They are very flimsy. Bend easy and always snag a piece of my hair between the frame and lense, which is annoying because spend a lot of time trying to remove the piece of hair due to tickling your nose none stop.
It seems to work, but it's not very comfortable. It isn't painful to wear, but the stick is awkwardly long. You don't just forget about it. It would take some getting used to, and I'm not sure I want to unless I have to.
Price was more than what I paid last year
Not at all what I thought
Product arrived less than a week with the free shipping option. Bottle had an outer seal and an inner seal. It had exactly 100 capsules as described. I included 4 pictures in this review. This melatonin did help me fall asleep faster on some nights and other nights it didn't. It was hit or miss with me. It also didn't help keep me asleep. I still tossed and turned all night. Maybe I will increase the recommended dosage of just 1 capsule and see if that works. I can't recommend because unfortunately, it didn't work for me. For the price and fast shipping, it gets a solid 5/5. For some people it works and for others like me, melatonin has no effect. Hopefully it works for you.
If you buy the belt buy it just for the belt part because the heater does not work. This is the second bell I've purchased. I received a refund for the first one that had a heater that didn't work and now the second one the heater still don't work I'm not sure whether it is the pin in the connection where the cord goes that is a bent or the cord itself. but I have tried everything I can think of and still the heater did not work on the first one and the heater doesn't work on the second one so if you're buying the bell, buy it just for the air portion that seems to work fine thank you
Like product fairly well. I use on my feet to soften callouses.
the bars were delicious. The box, however, came smashed.
Not as strong as I thought. Magnifying was average.
The seller was very responsive and pleasant. The mouthpiece was very large, uncomfortable for me, and molding it was difficult; I found that the molded piece disconnected from the plastic body after heating it up and molding; I was afraid that it would separate completely eventually. I returned it.
Like the smell, just very weak.
I think it's the smell of the ozone, but it irretrievably changed the smell/taste of the system. If you get used to it, fine. But I'm having a really hard time. It's super simple to use, but the smell/taste just doesn't go away.
Not sure if it performs it's fuction or not, nor does this have a good scent.
I don't think these work and they numb your mouth and you can't taste food.
Although I didn't get or see the results I was looking for, the soap had a pleasant fragrance.
Great product, but the packaging is annoying. The resealable bag is useless upon arrival as it is caked with the powder and it is impossible to get it clear again. Why can't the bag be sealed like shredded cheese at ahead of the zipper area? Or, let's just put it in a different sealable container. I'm going to try reaching out to the company to see if we can't get this fixed.
I like them well enough, but only 5 of the 6 arrived, in a torn package, so this comment is more for amazon delivery people than the seller....
It was ok but I but it was the taste
These glasses are great. They really cut down on the glare of the computer. I am on the computer all day and can tell a huge difference. However, the side eye piece broke off. on one of the pairs and on the other pair, they are really loose. But, i did order them again because for the price they are a great bargain.
I got them cause i wear a brace on one foot so i needed to balance the other side so they would be equal
It's Hydrophobic and hard to mix
Doesn't pick up hair as well as I thought it would
The material of the hose is very hot and snags extremely easy
Okay for the price, but would not buy again.
I go through a lot of these so I can't complain about the price. However. I did have a few wonky pregnancy tests that gave me hopes for a few minutes because there were two lines (in weird places). I don't know if I'll purchase again.
I did not like the size. I'm tired of having to swallow such large pills. Can you leave out some of the fillers and make the tablets smaller
They are very soft and don't blind legs but are cheaply made. Won't last long.
I just started taking this. I will not know if it will help until i go back to dr
Some of the gel balls inside came bursted. Other than that it's a great mask. I work 3rd shift and it blocks out light as well as helps my under eye bags
I am happy with the fast delivery. Also the directions say the mouth pieces only stay in for 15 mins. My Problem was the mouth pieces. I followed the directions to mold the impressions and had a terrible time fitting them. It took much longer than the recommenced time. I did the best I could. Trimmed, removed the excess and tried them that day. Not a good fit. I got a mouthful of product because of the poor fit. I did notice a whitening effect but it was hard to keep it in my mouth even for 15 mins. I tried to mold them again. Now they are unusable. Now I have whitening product but no way to use it. Very disappointed...
Arrived within two days. Looks to be fairly well constructed and easy to put on. My wife put it on and has had some trouble with keeping it in place. I tried it and it pulled my shoulders back. We are going to try it for a few days and update our review. It may be my wife is too small for this.
These are good but several of them were hard. Expiration date was fine.
THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE PRODUCT - NOT THE SELLER. SELLER IS GREAT! This MIGHT be a good product, I purchased it because I thought curcumin would be a good thing to take. However, when I opened the bottle it was SMURF blue! The manufacturer felt the need to add FD&C Blue #1 to the product. First - WHY; and second, if you're adding a DYE, why BLUE? Isn't curcumin orange/yellow? I strongly feel that if it is not necessary to the quality or performance of the product - keep it as pure as possible. I've got to think (and I'll research this) that the DYE is not dangerous, but I question the necessity to add it at all... Not sure if I'm keeping it or not - was just VERY surprised when I opened the bottle!
I used it for overnight work shift and work out first few times excellent. After I feel my body got used to it quicker than other pre-work outs
My husband and I are trying to have a baby so we were both recommended to take Maca. So we did and we both got water butt (diarrhea) for quite a while after taking it for a week or so! We stopped taking it then it went away.
its nice and easy to fit without shoes. the hinge portion is very bulky and will not fit in shoes.
Nice but stick to clothing
Straps too long and not that durable
As an anti snore devise, it didn't work for me. However it does comfortably open up my nasal airway. It takes a bit of getting used to, having something shoved up your nose, but I like that I am able to breathe better as I sleep.
This product is a fabulous size and I was very excited to try it out because of its flexible head and nice size but it seems to not hold a charge for very long. It does charge quickly though.
Very hard to work the triggers my wife couldn't work it !
Just not enough power and force (I guess that is the correct word) to accomplish what I intended with it which was some deep cleaning. I returned.
OK, nothing to write home about!!
Probably 1/3 to 1/2 of these came broken, but at the price point it's still a good deal.
I gave it three stars because the cap came broken AND lots of pills are broken in half also. Not sure if this happened at manufacturer ends or in transit but Amazon please improve your packaging when sending glass jar packaged product, which in this case came in just a paper envelope.
Really cute, just doesn't hold the aroma scent for more than a day
Folded cane kept expanding during flight as it was stored in an open top canvas carry on for the flight. The cane needs a strong velcro strap to securely hold the folded legs in place when in church, traveling, etc. It is well made and folds easily.
Over rated, not that of a difference from other products
Very, very liquid-y. Not as much suds as I would have hoped for but smells nice.
I've used this nightly for about two weeks and it still works. Other thoughts: Pros -Small, great for travel -Fairly loud if you want that -A full charge keeps it going all night while unplugged -Recharges quickly -Inexpensive Cons -Most of the sound options are useless--the lullabies are annoying and the "birds" sound fake -There's a red light while charging (okay) but when fully charged the blue light stays on all the time. Research says blue light is the worst for sleeping so this makes no sense. -I'm a bit annoyed that the seller tried to bribe me into a 5 star review, against Amazon policy.
I had been taking another B12 lozenge that you held under your tongue. Maybe that experience affected my view on this, but I found these to break down very quickly and was rather gritty. Was rather off-putting. Will see how they really work when I get my next run of blood tests.
after a couple of weeks the velcro becomes weak and always seems to come off.
purchase for a friend. they think its great, the aroma of it gives me a migraine.
Works good but the velcro wore out pretty quick so I added another piece to keep it held together
Super meh. Will try a different brand next time.
Inks came opened and spilling out. Machine works well though. Not sure about using the ink on the skin. Doesn't have good reviews online about the ink.
So many other things I already take like Alpha Lipoic Acid, Turmeric, Lion's Mane and a few others also do nerve repair. I wonder why this one alone would make any difference ? How do I tell if it works better than the other supplements ? There is really no way to tell. This sup did not harm me, but I cannot categorically say it did any good. The jury it out.
This is the only product from this company that has not smelled as good to me as I had expected it to. I love their Egyptian Musk and have several of the patchouli combo oils and was expecting the Musk in this oil to smell like the Egyptian. But to me, it has too sharp a scent. I'm confused by the smell honesty. I like all their others but this one just slant do it for me. :(
Good thing is you have multiple heads so you are found to like one of the three, but the power was not sufficient and was stopping on contact with body. Overall massaging scalp was more effective than face .
Only did a fair job. Too much junk left on dishes.
The weight is pretty accurate but the fat percentage is off by 3% that's huge !!! I gave it to my husband to use although it's small for a man !
Smaller size was better.
i'm a petite female & it's just not the right fit compared to my softer less firm memory contour pillow that sinks more- made my neck stiff & achy unfortunately
The vibration no longer works. Even after it's fully charged. Very disappointed. I bought this in July, and it's now October.
Nice but not bifocal. The entire lens is magnified so you can only use them when you need to see close up,which is not a good idea for sunglasses. Probably my own fault for not reading description correctly because I wanted bifocal sunglasses.
Did not work as well as I expected.
Good work out seems to be good quality so far. I can't rate it higher because you can't contact the manufacturer it was supposed to come with an ebook via email. I never received mine and from what I've read neither has anyone else
I like it ok but the smell is very weak.
this Brace is ok. I got it for my wrist tendinitis but it fits my hand awkwardly. I also can't bring my self to give it more than 3 stars as ever since I got it, I've been spammed with mail from the seller asking for reviews. I'm sorry, but if I'm going to give an honest review, sending me letters every week isn't going to help that. It's just annoying.
Bought for plantar fasciitis. No information/instruction in or on package. Bag for arch pads Is not resealable. Correctly Placed pad on foot (I think). Comfortable and relieved pressure. Reduced pain but in a couple hours it fell off.
It doesnt fit everyone's wrist very well not does it read very low blood pressure very well. I'm a nurse and bought it for work but I end up having to use a different one for those that have low BP. Not to mention the first day the battery compartment cover became loose and doesnt close well.
Nothing against these caps but I prefer the actual Essiac TEA itself. I will use these because I have them but will not be buying any more.
The material is good and also the adjustment straps. But does not fit snug enough: poses an issue when i fell asleep with it.
I haven't noticed any changes in my skin with this product and I have been using it for several weeks.
I wanted to like this, based on the reviews, it seemed like it would be easy to use. While the texture did polish my steel appliances, it was not nearly as easy as advertised, and not better than microfiber towels I previously used. Disappointing.
As expected but I don't feel like this did anything for my OCD
Could be bigger. Otherwise, good concept. Has issues since the control button ON the device is in a location where it's easy to turn off if you sit wrong.
Gives you energy but the only problem there's side effects. One it effects your mood I remember I was angry one minute the next I was crying so be careful of this don't use it everyday. Also higly addictive it's almost like a drug
Wasn't the standard size. Bigger than usual masks. The ear straps are long, the mask has more material, overall bigger. Can't use, maybe I can find someone I know they'll work for. Good material, cute design.
Not the biggest fan of the chai flavor in it. Especially in the morning. Probably sticking with normal vanilla from now on.
I bought these for a friend after he raved about their quality. We didn't receive one of each color, but rather two oranges, one green, and one purple - no blue. They also looked a little banged up and dirty, and my friend discovered that they were not solid plastic but rather a colored sticker wrap. He peeled one right off to reveal a plain black lighter underneath. Disappointing (even though the solid black does look nice), considering he remembered having one in the past that was solid colored plastic and not just a sticker. We either received a knockoff, or the bottom of the barrel from the warehouse! Luckily, they all work and feel nice in the hand.
Poor quality smell is not good.
If this mask had been bigger on the sides to actually cover the sides of the face in front of the ears it would have been great, as I was using it post facelift. The velcro straps were of odd lengths too. The one's going around the base of the neck were super long to the extent that there wasn't enough velcro to get a closure. Also, I'm 5'3", 118 pounds with a small face... Oh well, probably made in China.
These were stiff and not as pliable as all others I've used. Not so comfortable. One size fits all should not be sold for the nose.
was fine but very short expiration date
one bottle spilled open and the box was wet when it arrived..nice scent but it doesn't last long.
I got an opened empty package
I'm disappointed with these. I want the old diapers back. These don't hold well. They're just not snug and small poops come out the sides. This wouldn't happen with the old overnights. Its as if they just took the regular diapers and put them in the overnights box.
Excellent for respiratory problems. Water is expensive and it tends to leak. You cannot use respiratory oils, only those expensive cartridges from the company.
Flavorful. Too many carbs and chemicals
Everything is fine, I just don't know if it is working.
I guess it does what it's supposed to do but it doesn't help my sinuses at all. The product is fine it's just not what I need
Product seems to work okay but the advertised product was an Ultra battery but I received only a Super battery. Also tracking showed product shipped on May 5th. If so it took the post office 12 DAYS to get it here. Will probably not buy from this seller again because of misrepresentation and slow delivery.
I used for long distance travel..it was great for 2 hours..then it started changing shape and became uncomfortable..I am 5'3. It came way short in seat..not for prolonged sitting
Warning before you buy this device make sure that you are at least 5' 7 or you will not be able to use it I received it and it's good quality merchandise actually very heavy but again if you are shorter than 5' 7 you're not going to be able to use this
Nice looking watch and easy to put on with the stretchy band. The voice is male with a slight British accent and it makes it hard to understand. Could be louder too.
All of them came in 2 bags, and individually wrapped in bubble wrap and then in a black drawstring bag but one was still broken. Please replace this item.
Sometimes upsets my stomach but it works well at controlling hunger.
I thought its gonna work better
Very good value. however this is too strong for my stomach, if you have sensitive stomach don't order these .
I thought they were to small in diameter
Bought this to help lower BP - -didn't work.
The product was great and worked well but unfortunately it stopped working after 3 months. Still not bad for the price but would've expected it to last longer. Probably won't buy again.
Think i made a mistake by wearing for 7 hours. My cellulite was minimal, after 7hrs. of wearing wrap patch it's terrible. The patches aren't as big as you would think... they are shaped like a big maxi pad with wings. So, the wide measurement is in the middle of wrap. I think wrap may have reduced cellulite, then since i had it on for so long, cellulite was not able to go anywhere.... but, back on my thighs. I should not have listened to the comments of people that said they left on for hours.
Lasted about a month and by the end was clumped and holding dust. Inner sponge was also done.
Not very sharp ...dull
I just received one box today. It will expire next month. So close . I would recommend buy one per month. Updated: i bought the second one: it still is the same exp like before i got. After a month using, i don't feel anything change ??? Does anyone have any change for that?
no fishy burps! The kids chew them like candy-eww- UPDATED July 2nd. We are only halfway through the bottle and it has turned rancid. Not sure if this is because it was stored in an Amazon warehouse or something like that or the product itself has cheapened with the addition of soybean oil. Pretty upset that we still have 100 capsules gone to waste.
Tastes decent, not bad product i am just annoyed that it doesnt dissolve well in water and it leads to waste at bottom of cup and a lumpy drink!
Tastes pretty bad, but works okay in milk shakes for a kid who can't swallow pills
It comes with the yellow color wall ground for 'HEAROS', not like the red color in the picture. Y
I wish they were a little bigger, they are pretty small. It's for a nurse graduation party favor. My label barely fits around the bottle due to how small it is!
Did not think it worked that well long term. After 5 minutes the pain in my leg returned
These are nice. They look just like the photos. The only issue I have with this is that the wind can blow it away. I have to razor / cut a slit on the hanging decor so that the wind doesn't blow it off the door. Because these are so lightweight, I have to staple / tape the bottom against the door. It is a bit of a pain point with the extra work to hang these. Other than that, it is good quality.
Nice size, but I would prefer a wrap that fits over the ice pack that you can Velcro to instead of having to first put a wrap on than get the icepack wrapped around that.
I don't know if this is really working.
Doesnt work well in house. Needs to have knee contour sideways as well. Works good in snow.
I got this for the vitamin c acid, but the vanilla extract is so strong, that's all I can taste
The lemon smell is very strong and there isnt a hint of eucalyptus, actually it smell like furniture polish.
The mask is silky and comfortable, but as other reviewers have mentioned, it puts a lot of pressure on my eyes. When I loosen the strap to lessen the pressure, light can come in. It would be better with two straps on the top and bottom than the one thick strap in the middle.
They worked in a pinch but if you need compression gloves on a daily basis I'd try something else. They did serve my my purpose though since it was short term.
The cushion does not stay in one place and it really needs to be thicker for my purposes.
Slighly uncomfortable, but they block noise.
I know a few women have commented that they didn't like the taste in cold milk but to me it tasted just like chocolate milk. It is hard to mix when cold so I used a fork instead of a spoon which helped to break it up. Only reason for three stars is that I did not see an increase in my supply but I would still highly recommend
I ordered this cup because I thought that the ring design was an awsome feature. The ring is the highlight of this cup for me unfortunately. I cannot get this cup to open. I've tried several different folds and still no luck. I most likely need a firmer cup but this one is a no for me sadly.
This did not come with all of the colors pictured .. wasted money
Due to mulitple knee surgeries, I wrap both of my knees daily in order to exercise so I know what I am talking about. They are the Best....Only wished they had hook closure on BOTH ends. That is why only 3 Stars.
Didn't work. Seemed soothing at times, but actually got worse with use.
Works okay - but my daughter rarely uses it
Love the fragrance, but the bottle is shape makes it difficult to dispense. Shipped and described as advertised.
My husband and I were unable to continue taking this because it caused constipation in both of us. We were disappointed, but realize that it is not the fault of the supplement.
I have hard water and really have to scrub due to calcium and lime buildup. These get most of it but not all and fall apart to quickly to get a good scrub. I'm afraid I'll scratch the porcelain with the handle. I'll use until they are gone but am not sure I'd buy again. I love that they can be flushed and the handle just rinsed and put away. If the chemical cleaning agent were better for my needs, I'd never go back to a regular toilet bowl brush
The pill isn't easy to swallow. I have to cut them in half.
In regards to the eye covering, best light blockage yet, I suspect this would work great for men or women with larger heads. I have to overlap the strap so much there is barely any velcro contact ( less than an inch) and it slips off in the night. I can sew it to stabilize it, but you should make one with a shorter strap. But do not change the size of the mask itself. I am not an unusually small person. Head circumference is 22 inches
I'm a little disappointed, its much smaller than anticipated and the magnification was not as good as I had hoped for over all good guilty nice and clear easy to read.
It is too dry for oily hair
I am a disappointed in these ear plugs. I started using these because my of my husband's snoring. The ear plugs worked for me, but are a bit uncomfortable. I have to reposition them a few times for comfort. They also causes my enter ear to itch. I wish they came with a cleaning solution. Something to drop them into after each use. The most disappointing aspect is that the base came out of the plug. Tried to put it back in, but it just keeps popping back out, very disappointing. One ear plug is worthless.
Not really sure how to rate this... I've been taking it for a week and I've lost about a pound but I dont feel any different when I take it...it doesn't curb my appetite at all and I have been limiting my calories. I think it's too soon to tell...there are definitely NO side effects!
The mop itself is convenience to use, however, after one machine wash, the cleaning pads really started to fray and fall apart. I looked on Amazon for replacement pads and could not find it.
Very gentle yet effective
I have been taking these ever since my kidney stone. Whether they have prevented another stone, I don't know, but I will take them daily forever because I never want to have that pain again, and many testimonials have vouched for their efficacy. Time will tell, if I get another stone. I really hope not.
Very soft. Hard to use for projects. Nice for putting in packages.
Probably OK for some folks but I didn't notice any particular energy boost.
It's ok. Kinda hard to use. Slips around too much.
Please stop the auto ship immediately. I had no idea that was what I signed up for.
Wanted tray for my walker but it didn't fit although it would have been a great help if it had. Seemed sturdy and stable. Just wouldn't fit.
Although I like this product and take it all of the time, this was shipped without the cold packaging. This product is supposed to be kept cold so now I don't know if this was always on a shelf or just when shipped. I will order this again but from someone else
I was looking more for copper pain relied, than structure support ( I have right shoulder pain. and the shoulder support brace was uncomfortable and this brace didn't help. I am a real supporter of COPPER COMPRESSION products, they really help me with knee, shoulder, feet and hand problems.
Bought this for my 85 year old mother whose arm swelled up after an accident. She felt weak and needed support. This worked well, and came as described. My mom liked it and used it for a while daily . Would recommend it.
They are very thin and were not what I was expecting .
60 days into taking this. I have been faithful about taking it every morning. I would say the hot flashes haven't gone away but maybe lessened a bit. I have have no weight loss. I am going to keep taking to see if thing get better. I have a friend that swears by this stuffy.
Arrived on time. Don't use it as it's uncomfortable to sleep with
Ehh, I'm conflicted with this product.. Only handled the neck and a little lower which disappointed me I obviously didn't look when I purchased it my fault. It does the job need be but wouldn't buy again and not worth the price.
not impressed with this product. did not really care for it. did not really seem to get warm - I've returned this product.
Works but was not very effective pain relief
It's aight help fall and stay asleep as for Testes don't notice any difference maybe it's just me..
I'm very happy with the product. I sleep on my stomach and the nasal strips do make me breathe easier at night and wake up feeling refreshed. Just wanted to point out how big the box was it came in. Kind of ridiculous.
three stars because the cover layer easily peeled off.
I don't know what happened but right now it's almost two month since I received this product. And my pumps would stop working suddenly by itself when I was pumping, which happened couple times and I have to restart the pumping. I really don't understand why this pump would have this kind of issue, very disappointed.
Does not make me jittery, but also not super energized.
I generally like this brand and thought I would love this, but it's too watery for me, I prefer creamy. For a baby lotion it's very thin.
I've been using this 1-2 times daily for months for a fingernail that did not respond to prior prescription treatments. It has helped reduce pain/discomfort at tip of finger & it's 2-step procedure is easy to use. But thus far I have seen only limited improvement. Nail still has not fallen off again nor is it fully cleared up - but it does seem to be somewhat stronger & clearer near the cuticle. I will update..
Other brands are better. I'll continue picking up paper towels at the store.
No better or worse than any of the other supports I've tried. Very pricy for what it is. Not enough arch/midsole support for me.
I bought these for lining waste baskets/trash bins, and they should have fit, but all of my bins flare slightly at the top and these bags do not. They have no stretch, so they always tear if I try to fit them over the brim of the can.
This workes for under the tongue, but completely inaccurate for armpit temps. It seems to stop way to soon and will be several degrees off for a kiddo with a fever.
I actually waited to do this review and I'm glad that I did, a couple of the batteries lost charge pretty quick and the wrapping around it comes off super easy
Works great for short straws. The tip doesn't have enough bristles to properly clean, only the sides can clean properly. Also, bristles fall out relatively easily
been using the blue one for a few months. No change except my bruises are gone.
Gave away...wanted a month organizer
Not comfortable for sleeping because when your ear is against the pillow, the hard ear plug post digs into the skin. The more you shove the plug into the ear, the more noise is canceled. They are nice because they can be washed although haven't tried that yet.
To early to tell working on the replacement bottle first bottle was open when I got it
Product was dirty upon receipt-had to wash it!
Loved the grenade bars, the picture made it look like its more runny but it has the consistency of peanut butter. The balls just taste like some kind of cereal wedged in. Flavor isn't bad just not what i was hoping for.
They are rather large and the taste is awful towards the end. I ended up swallowing them rather than chewing them.
All four of them stopped working once they were lit for more than 10 seconds had to consistently mess with them to get them to work
Almost done with first bottle,seems to be working if you follow the directions. Eager to see more improvement with the next bottle.
Kit is amazing. I have used it twice and noticed a difference already.
Uncomfortable design, can never get it to fit just right. And after working in it a few hours it becomes almost unbearable. Might want to try the full back brace before this.
I am giving this product 5 stars but taking 2 stars away for the constant increase in price each time I have ordered. I am happy with the product but extremely disappointed that each time ordered the price goes up. I posted questioning why only to have it removed. Very sad. Will have to look elsewhere.
Pretty heavy duty. Will be to hot for summer outdoor use.
I mix it with my hot tea and it makes it creamy but almost too thick. I do not like the consistency but I will reorder in a different formula! Love everything else from this company!
If your looking to find a magic weightloss pill or pills this is NOT it. However it did give me lots of energy and the tummy pills helped with water weight and bloated feeling. I would recommend it if your constantly tired and fatigue and need a little boost with no crash side effects. For weight loss definitely not. I did pay for them so i'm using them till there gone but I probably wont re-order the whole set.
Haven't seen results but I also don't use it regularly. After a few weeks, it started to burn when I applied it as instructed. Not sure why...
Easy to fold up and hide away when not using. A little clunky to use a first but smoothed out after using.
Didn't loose weight ( big surprise) but it was a fair price and worth a try
I think we all understand what I used this product for. The only issue I have is my S.O. doesn't like it as she says it's way too loud and distracts her. Other than that it's great, I can use the suction cup to stick it to the shower wall or simply hold it with my knees while it does it's thing.
ok for money use for bikini wax
Product does leak sometimes and gets hot to the touch be careful
I live in Atlanta and have really curly hair. I was hoping to find something new to help with the frizz and dryness. This actually has made my hair drier and will not help with frizz once summer sets in. It may be good for straight hair or mine in the winter.
You get what you pay for. Good quality construction, good price. Very hollow or tinny sound quality.
I liked product unfortunately Saturday container was missing. which makes it basically useless for pill organizer for cancer patient
Can't feel the energy, been over two months now , need to change.
Okay detergent, really cleans the dishes but doesn't do a great job on pots. Especially the hard water stains from boiling water.
Worked great for about 12 days. Glad I REGISTERED my product because it stopped working!!! Very inconvenient because it stopped working at nighttime and didn't wake me up the following morning. Good news is that I contacted Philips support team and they will be sending me a new one because I did register my product.
Had high hopes for these but they have not been met (yet). I've never had a problem with swallowing pills, but these are difficult to swallow. Anyone else have this problem? I've tried breaking them in half (which is easy to do) but it's almost as if they are too dense making them difficult to swallow. I've resorted to grounding them up and taking as a shot with water, which is nasty, but I like everything about this product otherwise (plus I spent a lot of money on vitamins to let them go to waste).
Ok I quess. Didnt see any results though
Instant relief, only problem is that they don't stay in place after a while,but they work great
Haven't tried the product yet, but thought it was really odd that they came in a regular cardboard box and not the goodnites box 🤔 makes me second guess the authenticity of the product.
Would of rated this a 5 star but could not get sprayer head to open....had to transfer product to a container with a workable sprayer head....
It does reduce noise, but not to a level that I would like. Its good for traveling if you don't have a water tank to reduce the noise.
Spend the extra $2 and get a better quality. Its super thin and the layers always separate really easily. But it still does the job....
I bought this product because of the quality of ingredients and mild formula. So far it does great at detangling and has a pleasant smell that isn't too strong. I like the fact that the ingredients are mild and not full of synthetic harsh chemicals, but the container arrived with the cap halfway unscrewed and about a fourth of the product was spilled into the bag that it came in. Really wish whoever shipped this would have taken the time to make sure that the cap was screwed on tightly, and that the squirt nozzle was securely locked and taped so that it didn't unlock during shipment. This would have been 5 stars, but losing a quarter of the product means I lost that money and dumped it in the garbage. I would have sent it back (and probably should have), but for the price and the fact that we were out of conditioner at home, made me come to the conclusion to at least try it out. It wasn't worth the hassle of returning the product. This conditioner is super mild and does an awesome job detangling my 9 yr old daughters thick hair. I've tried other expensive products, but this one has done the best job at detangling so far.
With my 4” tiles the suction cups overlap slightly onto grout lines! Had to return.
We bought these 2 XL's believing they would fit similar to the 2 XL's we buy from a drugstore (their brand) same size 2 XL. These are SPEEDO'S as it turns out. My poor brother had a major blow-out with my poor Dad in the men's room, trying to get these off of him. We were under the impression the size was correct, and the care staff did not alert us they were a tad "snug". Our bad for never comparing the sizing-as you can see by the pictures-WOW!!! We still have 2 unopened packages (we stupidly opened all the others and put them in a supply cabinet), so we can't return the case. Lesson learned! These are more like a roomy large to XL ONLY! Be aware.
it was lacking in taste and effect!
worked for a week then quit working. was pretty good for the first week though.
This product provides little to no hold, so I would probably classify it more as a beard butter than a balm. On top of that the scent was not to my personal liking. Other people obviously like the scent, but it wasn't for me. It does do a great job of conditioning both beard and skin however.
Good concept but I had to squeeze sponge still after running it through rollers several times.
Arrived promptly, well packaged. I filled my meds for the week. After the 3rd day letters were rubbed completely off some of the compartments! Not sure if it was lotion or oils from my skin that did it. I knew the letters would fade, but not after 72 hours! Cases latched well, and you could just rewrite the days of week with a sharpie. Good case for price.
honestly, masks are made so nicely nowadays that if you have a current set up you won't need them. If you have an older machine an mask you might want to give these a shot - maybe.
These don't exactly seal and the lighter fluid still evaporates. Like them more if they actually stopped the evaporation.
Didn't notice any difference
I'm giving this product 3 stars because it didn't work for me. But if you've tried everything, you might as well give this a try too; it might work for you.
i didn't really notice it working?
Flavor wasn't great but apparently healthy to use as a good product
I tried using the Toffee in chocolate but it had an alcohol strong taste. I suspect that you have to only use it in foods that you are going to heat up to evaporate the alcohol taste.
works well, wish it lasted longer.
Expensive. I get them elsewhere.
Bought to crush pills for my dog. One pill that I have to give my dog is harder to crush and this wouldn't crush it at all. Any pill that isn't a perfect circle will not sit in the holder to be cut correctly, either. Useless and overpriced.
After reading the write up on Amazon, I thought this is the right thing for me to treat my stiff neck and shoulder pain. Upon receiving the item, there were numerous warnings that were not listed originally before I purchased it. I am not too thrilled to try it out.
I've ordered these tooth brushes several times and they are wonderful but the seller does not let you choose the color which I am super picky about. 5 STARS for the toothbrush but ZERO stars for the company that's doing the selling.
This is thick but extremely linty. I don't like it. Going to try to find another better deal back with Charmin
Gives me the jitters and a headache. It might work well for people not sensitive to caffeine.
i dont' know why, the first time i used it for few days it really helps get the smell away, but afterward. second times i used it doesn't do the job, so your mileage may vary.
Taste of "Fruit Punch Blast" is VERY strong, I didn't like it.
The style is fashionable but the lenses and frames are flimsy. Other reviews I read suggested the yellow tint of the lenses was not noticeable. I disagree. They do the job but they are noticeably yellow. I just wear them in the privacy of my own home when working online, so it's not a big deal. They did arrive in a sturdy case that zippers, which was a pleasant surprise.
works better than biotene.
They got lint on fabrics so not sure I'll use them again.
Works well in small cleaning tasks
minimal energy, that's all I can say. I was hoping for stronger pick me up, I won't buy this product again.
It's came in good condition the Box was packaged Vine it just took several days to charge it and have to reset it several times for it to connect to my app
Product came in fine but shipping was not good. After several weeks of being nothing, Amazon notified me to contact seller to possibly cancel order. I had to contact the seller to ask why I hadn't received. Then it showed up a couple days later.
Didn't like the smell of this.
I received your product and I feel that I am going to like it except that the steel was broken and it leaked all over the Box the lid has something dark and it like burned I don't know if from the transport it got too hot or what but I'm not sure if I should use it I feel I would buy it again but you need to send it by itself with bubble wrap so it doesn't leak all over.. picture above. I had other pictures but could only send one. I would like to know if you are going to replace my order since I cannot return it but it was already opened please let me know what you are going to do I know that I liked this product I'm sure I would but I don't know
The tube was incredibly small in Diameter and actually caused my husband to bleed.
disliked the fact that the product was all over the inside of the packaging upon delivery.
These look great and hide any scuffs that you may have already gotten on the heels of your shoes. Not very durable though. I wore them on my heels for a few hours and eventually my heel started poking through the bottom of these protectors.
It definitely whitens your eyes. However after I put the drops in my eyes water for half the day. Really frustrating.
They are what they are, everyone deserves a little.
They work well for washing my dog but the pair I bought to wash dishes won't work out dishes slip out of your hands. All in All I like them and I'm sure I'll find many good usages for this buy.
This item does not heat well, and it is non returnable.
This is my first time using this product, so I can't give good results yet. But all other information about it was very good,taste, price etc.
I feel like the product worked very well. My disappointment was the bottle of lotion was only half full when arrived. . Is this normal?
I have drank ACV for some time and I love this supp much better! Not seeing the changes it says however.
WARNING: You CANNOT put them on if your glasses with leg tips.
It seemed to work okish. Still testing out the product. I wasn't super impressed.
Gross. Muscle milk is still my favorite.
Order these 3 times.. the first 2 times the lighters were good but the 3rd time I got a different set of lighters that were hard to spark & seem to be of cheaper quality
These are soooooo small. Not even sure what size I could order just to cover my bum. Sucks because they are very well made. Order up 2 or so sizes.
Ordered 2 bottles, received one, other one lost. what do we do?
Loved how snug it was but zipper broke 3rd time I wore
Very small, very expensive
Very flimsy plastic, luckily I just used it for mini cream puffs so it held up fine. I wouldn't put anything heavy on it and keep it away from edges, if it is bumped it will topple over.
Don't fit properly around the buttocks.
This mask is a thinner version of the 1st Mercola sleep mask I have. It will work for me, but I am disappointed that it is not the same.~ This seems like it is an expensive knock off.. Not worth 15$. I wonder how long it will last?
Bought 3 and one was a dud and the needle didn't work. They were good on the hike and love the color
This stuff works well. I normally take it once before my workout and again 12 hours later. I know it's a raw amino acid but man the taste of this is really difficult to mask. It even overpowers my peanut butter smoothies. I've had other raw arginine powders that weren't quite so overpowering so I'm not sure what's different about this one that gives it such a strong taste.
I ordered a hose from Roscoe Medical thru Amazon. It seems my insurance is no longer covering my DME supplies. The hose is "usuable". The quality is "meh". Not the same quality as what I'm used to.
smaller than expected
Was a bit disappointed because a lot of the soap leaked out the cap as it was packed on it's side. So, long story short I only have half of the bottle but paid full price
Like this but rubber insert within the clip keeps falling out
rather cheesy but the kids did love it for our photo booth.
Very strong perfume smell that lingers for days.
Probably wouldn't order again. I've used much better non-plastic straws in the past and these were just meh.
3 out of 3 dogs will not eat it like a treat.
I am waiting until I get my next lab results to decide how well this product works. It does have a really bad smell and I try not to taste it. I have lost a couple of pounds since I started taking it and have had less hair falling out.
If you are debating between 4 or 5 gallon, go with the 5.
I bought these for my dad because he's blasting the TV and rattling the plates. They absolutely provide a volume gain, but even with the several earpieces included, it's impossible to get a good fit. And when you don't have a good fit, there's feedback - lots of really loud feedback. If your ears happen to fit the earpieces, these are probably great, and worth the gamble. But don't be surprised if you end up giving them away.
Work fair ,a little rough on the stomach
Very pretty, but when i opened it, bulb was in pieces. Hopefully they can send me a new bulb...
Smells good, but doesn't seem to soothe my headaches.
Has to be plugged in while in use, which sucks. I thought it was a chargeable unit. You can't feel the heat at all, it seems like it's just a red light. Massage it pretty good, helps get knots out a little before they get too big.
This has been my second time ordering this probiotic and I am happy with the effects on my digestion. The bottle is dark glass and "cute" and all but mine didn't come in an insulated bag either time and I live in desert area so by the time I got it out of the mail box and opened it the bottle was super hot. I hope it doesn't lessen effectiveness like everyone is saying...
This flavor is OKAY... It didn't hit the mark like other Quest bars do for me. I'll eat them but not sure I'll purchase again.
brace is to big . i need a size large and have to send ist order back on my dime . i hope i get reimbursed an my size large will be automatically sent to me with out having to re order.
Love the oil , just wish that they could bubble wrap items so they don't get broken. I do not have a dropper now . It broke in the shipment.
there ok for being a thinner diaper but not as good as some brands. The tapes are really the down side to these as they do not stick very will. I had multiple incidents were the tapes fail while out and about and the tapes pop off. Sure you have the second tape when the first one fails. But if the second one fails your (sol). They work in a pinch when the budgets tight but I going to stick my Dry 24/7 's for now on... unless other wise.
Ok wish it was as little bigger. Holds my clipboard and nursing supplies. Not my lunch, or much of anything else
How great my skin looks with it. Dislike the smell& taste.
These are great quality inserts, but be careful if you have narrow shoes. The heels are hard plastic and they didn't fit in some of my shoes without pushing out the sides. For my other shoes they work great
I have bought different brands of this in the past that worked really well, you could see a noticeable difference within a week. Unfortunately the brand I was buying I can no longer find so after doing some research I went with this brand, I have taken for two weeks and it just doesn't seem to provide the same results. I'll keep trying it and if I see result I will update this review.
How would I know? No changes I can see.
Worked well, lasted a few years, stopped worked.
I brought this for my elderly brother for his pills, but it's not really big enough for all of them.
Love the product however the packaging came in a little damaged and leaking
The toy is a great size but it could be a little stiffer.
As much as the reviews said these pills are not fishy, I burp up fish after taking them :( I still take them though the burping doesn't last long
It is comfortable, but the inside lining started peeling away from the foam after a few weeks of wear.
Love the colors but was pissed because the black polish busted in the bag and got on all the other polish. Did not feel like sending it back but it could have been ups.
Doesn't hold charge for long.
Not really too much to say about this product. It's just average.
Leaves residue on glass ware
Poor quality. Cheap.
Would work great if it wasn't so uncomfortable to have on for a workout.
I love these pads, but they don't stick well and come off after awhile. I have to safety pin them to my underwear. Please use stringer adhesive. Thanks!
Does not work that well for me. The no-mess applicator is a mess; too porous and solution drips and runs. Hopefully it will kick in.
This review is for the refill bottle itself. It is awful. For a refill bottle, you would think they'd make the bottle pour out the cleaner smoothly. But I spilled a ton trying to refill the Bona spray mop cartridge. I had to purchase a funnel just so I don't spill so much any more. Bottle sucks, but cleaner is decent so far.
Glasses frame came bent and could not be bent back into place.
Pretty neat little things haha. They're not terribly useful or necessary but fun nonetheless
ordered this bc i read it can help with weightloss. tbh it looked gross and i thought it would taste just as it looked ...but ...wow... i added 1tsp in my unflavored oatmeal with unsweetened almond milk...it was seriously so good. not hugely flavorful, but def added a hint of sweetness to bland healthy oatmeal, now lets just hope it works :)
Good quality, however it does lack proper space for any extra items. Also, the hydration bit could use a different form of securing as it isn't as easy as a magnetic one.
I've been on this for almost a month, taking it every night. I can feel a little bit of a change. I went from absolutely no drive to an occasional twinge.
Died not long after installing.
This didn't work for me or change smell...
Nice little machine though it's not what I expected. I don't like that there is no volume button on it and it's pretty loud. It also beeps every minute which is annoying. As for modes and intensity, it has plenty of options and the pads that come with it are great. I o problems with them falling off or becoming unsticky
I should have checked pricing -- Thought the price was for 3 units -- no --- just one unit. Next time I'll check properly.
I love the fragrance, but it doesn't last long on clothing, and these don't do much to get rid of static cling, either. I usually put a regular dryer sheet in with one of these just to get rid of the static.
Doesn't work on all clients have to leave on at least 30 mins or more
As advertised... I like the product
My husband has been taking these pills for about 4 months and I can't say it's helped us conceive yet but we are going to still give them a shot. On the downside these pills smell awful, very potent odor.
Love the bars and when I bought them at Costco they were soft and fresh - the box I received in the mail from this site was hard and stale.
A sugar free alternative to pedialyte, gatorade and other electrolyte forms of hydration -- 2 stars off -- the taste is pretty awful unless you cut it with water and even then that takes some getting used to.
When it arrived the 10X mirror was no longer attached to the handle, which has me concerned that the other side may come lose too. Luckily the glass wasn't broken so I used some glue and reattached the mirror.
These are often recommended for those on the keto diet. I was doing lower carb, but not necessarily keto, and these bars were recommended to me. The flavor is fairly accurate for maple donut, but I find the texture to be unappetizing. They are dry, chewy and everything I hate about nutrition bars. The sweetener doesn't bother me as much as others, but the texture makes it very unappetizing. Not for me, but if you do enjoy these, they are great for keto/low carb dieters.
The heating element NEVER worked.
So I'm assuming this is an Amazon issue not a product issue- or at the very least the title should be revised by the seller- but I purchased the extract and the title specifically says 'odorless'..but, it also says 'pills' for some reason despite the fact its not. I can tell you with CERTAINTY that the extract is NOT odorless. It's quite pungent. Its a formidable scent....stings the nostrils.. I'm gonna be honest, that smells like pure garlic. (bonus points for anyone who gets the reference). Word of warning- as strong as the smell is, the taste is ....moreso. If you're going to get the extract- do so w the intention of MIXING it with something. I can handle the taste of just about anything without grimacing. And I was able to handle this as well- but immediately chased it with about 4 gallons of fluids. If you're not going to mix it? Just get the pills.
I wasn't that thrilled about the taste as others had reviewed, I find a faint taste & odor I don't care for. Also a bit disappointed in the container. It's very large and doesn't have a shaker cap to sprinkle out the cinnamon, so you have to spoon it out which is annoying. I don't think I'll be reordering this. The best thing about it is that you get a lot of it, & only great if you like it.
This did not remove stains as quicly as i thought. Tried it with baby poop stains on clothing and it was so so
It was suggested that we purchase this particular piece of equipment because it would extend enough for a tall person. Indeed it was good for height however, the wheels are terrible- they literally flip around as you are pushing the rollator so we've been disappointed with that aspect. Not the easiest to set up from a collapsed position
It looks nice and is well made however the beads are smaller than expected. It's listed as a necklace for adult however it came in a package that says amber teething jewelry. The beads are smaller than a pencil eraser. This would make a nice bracelet but I bought it for a necklace for a present and it doesn't really fit what I intended it for. Unfortunately I will be returning it. This may be the right product for someone else. This is unfortunate as I wanted to support a small business.
Leaves a somewhat bitter taste to the bread...and darkens it
not too bad but also not too good
Has good ingredients but should of Checked closer. With the cayenne & ginger was about to strong! So I Found something I could chase it Down with. Won't order again will Find similar formula in capsules
Probably a good probiotic but did not affect mood.
The scent is a bit overpowering. My husband loves scented detergent, but even he is not too keen on this. We'll be switching to something else next time.
It did not come with the plastic piece to hook the hose in to.
works for what i needed
Just an ok product was not as good as the prior brand I used
Received it and it was in a ball,not like picture on here, haven't had to use, hope it is good, disappointed
The flavor was quite strong, but the effects were good. Just blend with smoothie and it disguises the taste
I haven't used it yet but the inside lid was broken, smells good though...
This gets the job done but is not stable. I'm constantly having to readjust it. Also, it's not big enough to accommodate a small bowl. There is a cup holder of sorts but it's fairly flimsy.
Need a better case to carry them in
It was cheaper at the wig store
Still learning how to use..they are convenient..I won't leave a bad review because it may just be me..I still wear pad until I'm sure using correct becasuse a little still comes on tissue and sometimes if I sit bit real comfortable but I'm keep trying compared to wearing multiple pads n changing often it's worth it
They break very easily
It doesn't feel too secure because of the incorrect fit.
Thought I would try this. CBD OIL is better and my pain is relieved much better!
I didn't expect much when I purchased this item, so I'm a bit surprised it lasted as long as it did. I bought this for post partum uses and it served its purpose. It wasn't the most comfortable seat cushion, but seeing that I only needed it for 2-3 weeks until I healed, the price was unbeatable. It doesn't hold air anymore, but I no longer need it, so money well spent for the comfort it provided for those first couple weeks.
It's ok for women but dries too fast
I don't like much the lip scrub, too small and doesn't scrub my lips much
Liked some of the recipes. Other recipes weren't practical. Did not care for all the photos of her. Some photos were odd, like you're posing like that for a cookbook? Yikes
Mor on the size than the product... but got these for my dad and he said they are just too small to use. He smokes out of a tiny pipe too. Recommend the 3/4 instead unless you know these will work.
This works great, but check it out on the EWG website to learn more about its actual toxicity. Turns out that it's not a safe, non-toxic product. Even though it gets out all stains, we're no longer going to use it and are switching to something non-toxic.
We bought 4 packs of 10. They are cute! Shipping was quick. However, I'm a little disappointed as to each pack has 50% with the same images, and 1 pack has only 1 pink and the rest are blue. These are how they were packed, and I just put all the faces up to show.
With all the reviews stating how hard these are to remove I'm surprised the first two I've used worn stay stuck to my skin. Packaging could be better but there band aid.
Wear out pretty quickly for the price though . Jobst is the brand DR's use for circulation in the legs or swelling after vein surgery , So I did expect more.
I just started.give me a couple of weeks .
It works but even if you shake it vividly vigorously it comes out oily. I would not buy again.
bought this for my FIL and after using it just for 2 times, the walker ski fell off somewhere in the parking lot and the walker is almost non usable at this point.
I love the bottles. However, I was not able to get the pump to unlock. I tried everything. I turned it in either direction for about 2 minutes or more. I would not unlock.
None of the tubes of toothpaste contain a seal closure once you remove the cap.
These can be difficult to pull off the packaging, and often I leave a crease making it not stick as well. They also cannot be reused, they fall off after the 2nd try.
tastes awful but I think all spirulina probably tastes aweful
Love this product but it came with craked lid which will make using it more difficult nothing added that will increase your blood sugar no chemical either just geeat electrolytes that can be added to water or other drink
Neutral review. My wife like it. I doubt in benefits provided by supplements in general. I'm just skeptical cancer researcher believing in hard data not claims.
I don't like the taste. To me it is chalky and overly sweet. I have to mix in coffee to gag it down.
Have battled insomnia for years and was hoping this would work for me. Just received and tried for the first time last night and alas it didn't help though it smells wonderful. Will keep using and update if my experience changes.
It's ok but I thought the cup was going to be better quality and tooth brush more appealing for my son to use for the price it's a bit expensive 😟
This seemed to work for me. I'm 27 years old and I have crunchy knees. Taking this three times a day was improving the clicking and crunching of my knees, until I realized towards the end of the month's supply, I was 5 pills short. I would like to purchase this again, since the crunching and clicking has returned, but I prefer not to get ripped off again.
Although this is lightweight and easy to use it isn't very good quality. The way it attaches could be better. Everything about it just seemed minimal to me and that's the best way I can explain it.
Didn't work as well as I hoped.
I used it once but wasn't as expected
If you want something that helps you drop pounds and kill any sugar cravings, this is it! I was loving the awesome benefits it was giving me and it is so disappointing that I have to stop taking it.. it was giving me horrible migraines! As soon as I stopped taking them my migraines disappeared but unfortunately that meant my craving came back. I waited a few days and tried taking them again, to test the waters but the migraines came back...
They look pretty. But the base is WAY too small. Do not wear them during sex. You risk... losing it and frantically trying to recover it to avoid a trip to the Emergency Room. First hand knowledge. Made a memorable hook up. It'll always be the night I got a jeweled plug stuck up my body. They're weighted well, so that's good.
You can't use it in the shower: doesn't conform to your body It doesn't soften after many times you use it I bought a total of 4 sponges hoping that I would get a improved sponge.
The adhesive wears off over time and the bottom part of the heel pad just made my foot height uneven as I walked. I ended up cutting that part out and using super glue to stick the ankle part of it back to my shoe. Wish I would have just bought the ones that just covered the ankle part of the shoe.
Doesn't mix as well in water and liquids as other brands that I've tried. My pouch also didn't come with a scoop like it was supposed to, so I have to eyeball it. I do feel like the collagen makes a difference in my skin, which was the reason that I purchased it in the first place.
These are really cute and work pretty well. They are pretty cheaply made, and don't hold too many pills per section. I also added my own day lables to help keep it clear which pills are for which days.
I don't like the smell of this lemon soap. To me, it doesn't smell lemony at all. It has just a faint smell and it's not a good one. I can't even compare it to anything. It's just strange. I had purchased the basil scent of this brand before and didn't like that smell, so I opted for lemon this time thinking you can't go wrong with lemon. But apparently you can. The soap cleans well and I like that it is made with natural ingredients, but I would not buy again due to the strange scent.
quite expensive for the two little vials you get.as a person in my early twenties, i have a congenital cataract in my left eye and it has steadily been getting much worse since the end of high school. i purchased one order of these in an attempt to ease my symptoms or alter the cataract in any way, but to no avail. i understand they recommend it for months on end; but it was too expensive to have such a *blind* trust that it would do something with multiple orders. i kept my vials in the fridge and used them twice a day in my left eye; then keeping my left eye shut for a number of minutes before continuing with my daily activities. cons: it did not do anything for my cataract; understandably, after only going through two vials of the product. it consistently burned my eye with a very strong stinging and watering sensation for about a minute after almost every application. i would shut my eye and tears would just be streaming out as i clenched my eye shut. for some reason very few applications would not sting.
Not a good choice for overweight people or thigh-highs or compression socks. Works well getting regular mid-calf socks on
I was ordering these needles in past and had any problems before, Whereas all It looks like sealed, the box containing needles was broken and looked used several time. It came opened and all needles were lose
Good scent and clean the hands very well. The bottle looks good as well. --Update After some time, the push feature stops working as it starts to get stuck. It happened to 2 out of 3 bottles. I wouldn't be buying again.
Not what I ordered. A piece of Junk! Definitely did not worth the list price.
I'm very much a beginner and this is the first toy for this purpose i have bought but i found this extremely small. Doesn't give a good pleasurable full feeling just feels awkward like a pinky just sitting in there. I'd recommend this too someone who is very tight down there or uncomfortable with any bigger of a toy.
I used it the first round twice a day and it irritated my skin more so I stopped using it BUT willing to give another shot but starting with 1x day
Patches did not stick to me, on clean , dry skin. Bracelet hurt after I put it on.
The stripe bags stuck together and smelled AWFUL! I would NOT put food into those. The Poka dot bags were great and didnt stick or smell. Nice sturdy gift bags. I wish the stripe ones wouldn't have been so defective. Customer Service was excellent in helping me resolve this issue.
It does help with some stuff, like feeling a bit less groggy throughout the day, but 2 stars off just for the taste. I think lawn clippings might actually taste better than this. It helps to mix it with a reds powder or really sweet juice, it does not go down well. But it does mix really great in water.
I really enjoyed the frankincense, but the myrrh won't drip out. I'll have to break the bottle to get it out.
Thought that this would be pretty amazing having the rotating head. Great idea, but I dont think its powerful enough. Once inserted it doesn't feel like it really does much. Either the body moves with it or the head isnt powerful enough to rotate when inserted, not sure. Also the inserted portion doesnt vibrate, it only does the rotation. The outer one does vibrations and heat. The vibration is fairly strong, but would be better in. One thing I didnt think about was the handle, with these toys I prefer being seated, which the handle makes that harder. Kind of my own fault there not considering that. Not sure if the handle is really an improvement for other uses, but for mine its a negative.
She apparently puts them ALL in ONE bottle, like a chicken who has just one basket. Whew, is this stuff powerful, like OMG! If you've ever watched that show Queer Eye...the way they tell people to put on cologne...Spray then Walk away...yeah that's how you have to clean with this stuff! You literally have to spray the surface then skitter across the room or you will start choking! My fiance laughs every time I use this stuff (it's the first time I've tried this scent, I normally get the Honeysuckle) but we watch Little House on the Prairie with the kids all the time and Charles is ALWAYS talking about Lemon Verbena so I saw this and ordered it lol. On a positive note whatever crap you put this on, well it's beyond clean when you finish, and the weird thing is the smell doesn't really linger once you're done cleaning. So it's worth it for the money with the amount you get for sure, but as for me, I prefer the ability to clean and not have to run away from my spray bottle!
Works ok still cant sleep all night
Fit fine and worked well for the first week. Then I noticed it started to get looser and slide down my leg. Kind of disappointing how quickly the elastic wore out.
Very tight. May not have been meant for an adult
This tastes fine but it leaves a powdery texture to smoothies.
Very thin and takes multiple wipes to clean baby's bottom. Love that they don't have all the chemicals but not our favorite wipes.
Great but the Tin was all banged up. Sad
My zinc levels were still too low after using this so my doctor is having me try a different kind.
I've been using this for a few weeks, one side for me one for my husband, and it's okay. Not great. I can feel that some of the tabs are going to break off sooner rather than later, but for the price it's ok.
These are good and I have seen good improvement since ordering, but they (the gummies) came in all stuck together.
Burned out a little too fast but a good candle.
I wanted to love it. The flip top was so convenient, the smell wasn't awful, and it applies really well. It, however, does not create a thick protective barrier. It's too easy to wipe off and coats the diaper more than their bottom. Other diaper creams have been difficult to remove without baby oil, which is good! It means that it's doing its job to continue to treat the rash and protect it from further irritation. Unfortunately convenience in package design sides not beat out performance, so back to the Desitin it is!
Easier to get than going to store
I thought these would work better than inserts. Unfortunately, they scrunch up as I tried to get my booties on. I have narrow feet so maybe that plays into it. They offer cushion, yet can't get into most of my shoes- bummer.
The lemon in this package was not sealed with the plastic and the lid was loose. A 1/4 of the lemon oil leaked all over interior of box. Can I get a free replacement of the lemon?
These are OK. The flavor is pretty good, but there is a bit of a grainy texture. I am not thrilled about the sugar content, which I somehow failed to notice prior to purchasing. However, it's hard to find gummies with fewer sugars and even more difficult to find options that don't have you eating 5+ gummies per day.
It didn't look or feel terrible when worn, but it only minimized my snoring...it didn't stop it.
This particular product smelled decent, and was less messy than prefers I've used, but didn't work so well, with my particular body chemistry. That, and the sprayer leaked, when pumped. While this may not have panned out for me, the company was super responsive, and kind enough to send me two free bottles of their foot powder, which smells and works much better (1x lemon, and 1x sandalwood; both 4.5 stars).
When I started using I noticed that it self inflated even with the valve closed. So I partially deflate to my like and then close the valve. Now it will no longer hold pressure. My wife has one also and it's fine.
Does not relieve nerve Pai
Not like the ones from the hospital. Both of mine sucked slowly, you know when you squeeze it and your waiting for it to suction but it won't.. and you wait... and then finally sucks. Yeah it's like that.
Tastes good but doesn't stop heartburn at all.
It wasn't soft. Scratchy and made my face itch.
The dish soap is okay. I'm not sure if "foaming" is an actual selling point but I found it to be kind of useless.It cleans fine but sometimes when I wash bottles that has breast milk instead of formula, I feel like there is still a little bit of residue.
The box came banged up but the spray itself is fine. I haven't tried the taste yet, but I was pleased to see the spray nozzle is protected by a plastic peice you can take off and on.
Hi i thought let your company know UPS guys didn't deliver my package at my doorstep at all ! they did drop of my package at the place which i cant found at all. i wasn't happy about this deliver service & some one is open my package too this main reason i was pretty upset about that ,i hope this not go be happen to me next time i reorder again hopefully your company can help me resolve this issue if you didn't mind ask the UPS guys please deliver to my front doorstep if your company can help me i'm really appreciate for that matter Thanks so very much.
I love their products & they contacted me ahead of delivery to ask me to check for frozen products. It wasn't but I appreciated the reach out. Now that I opened product it has a weird musty smell so it must have been frozen at one time. Lesson learned open straight away to check because return time frame is closed so in the garbage it goes. Again NOT companies fault.
Really dissatisfied with the size, so little putty in each container. Quality of putty is good!
Works better than most for taking of oil and grease from eye glass lenses. Requires at least three times to clean lenses then cleaning with cloth.
This product did not work the way that I was expecting it to work.
Not much coming out could be good if you were trying to apply only small amounts. I was looking for a lot looser roller so that I could apply pain medication pretty quickly. Will have to keep looking for one with a looser roller. So far they are sturdy, but I would NOT NOT NOT use these for travel unless you want your liquid spilled all over your luggage.
The print is really small and it is hard to read.
I haven't been taking them too long yet so I will update my review after it's been longer.
For the price except for paying more for shipping and handling, it's ok. Quality matches the cost on the burning part of the lighter. Does not really accommodate the pipe lighting very well. Does not direct to the pipe as i thought it would.
These tasted amazing but didn't do anything in terms of hair growth. Took them for 4 months.
Didn't notice much of a difference
We have bought the product twice. Everyone raves on how it can "cure" tooth decay. Although that's a load of sh*t... because you can't cure tooth decay, it doesn't dry up and disappear, perhaps it can prevent it. We are already a healthy family; organic, non-GMO, raw milk, grass-fed, etc. and NO refined sugar! So I'm not sure if it's worth the big price tag for some fish guts that are covered in chocolate. Note: Do NOT buy this product through Amazon! They sent me a bottle that was only 3/4 of the way full. Of course I couldn't get in contact with anyone to correct the problem. Order directly through the company; if something goes wrong they WILL correct the problem.
Gloves just arrived. I was under the impression that they were different colors. Nope: all purple. Detailed review to follow after use.
It's the original one and I've been using this product for the past 20 years. I gave it 3 starts because of delivery time. It took about 4 weeks to arrive. It comes from UK.
Never received it???i notify the post office. They said to notify you. So here I am. Regina mccarthy
HUGH socks can only be worn to bed ....would never fit in a shoe unless you get shoes two times larger
Wish it had folate and not folic acid
i was looking for rechargeable batteries and i thought these were but turned out they were not. so had to return them
The tip melted a little l, I thought this was heat resistant. My comb for Sally's was better than this
Like this product but it gets very cakey and is hard to remove.
Really cute gum ball machine the downside is it doesn't fit regular sized gum balls thru the dispenser. I used it as a decoration to a soccer party.
This works by itself, but it does turn you're beautiful yellow and gold to a dark black as it's heated in the vape cartage, you need to re carb this before you laid your e- vials, which may or may not be a viable option.
I wish it was not as loud.
About the same as cleaner and cloth
Could have a better pour spout although the flip lid is much better than twisting off the top each time There is no smell or taste just as d scribed a big plus also it's thinner than olive or avocado oil so ingesting it is much easier than anticipated...can't add to effectiveness or health benefits as I've only had it a few days but I'm using it as recommended a few times a day...no terrible side effects either
this product does not as fast as the dissolving tablets
I'm in cosmetology school, so I use this to practice sometimes. It is perfect for practicing braids, styles, cuts, or updos! I have not tried any blow drying, washing, or heat on it as I don't want to ruin it. It is good for certain things, however, the hair falls out very easily- BUT- there is a lot of it, so I would buy again.
It's what you expect
great product...way too expensive
Haven't tried this product yet
I love these bars, but they are just too much money. I could get 12 Quest bars for $25. That said.... These bars taste amazing, their macros are pretty good. You can use them as a pre, during, or post workout meal or a nice snack if you're on the run.
Exactly what we needed
My dog is still getting UTI ‘s even though I'm using this. The vet says it could be preventing things from being worse. So who knows.
This item arrived with the box all smashed up and batteries just lying around inside the box with no packaging. Hope the batteries work!
Purchased this for 2 of my sons who have adhd. Unfortunately it did not work at all for either of them in any way. One good thing about it is that the kids did not mind chewing up the grape flavored tablets. With this sort of thing it is not one size fits all....
I have found it hard to understand.
I got this for my boyfriend who's dad was adopted so his whole family does not know their ethnicity. It was cool to see the results of his health but the ethnicity was very vague and didn't really give him the answers he was looking for.
I've been an athlete for over 8 years and have been lifting and exercising for even longer so I have a good amount of experience with supplements. This protein powder blends poorly and has a generally unpleasant flavor and after taste. Its inability to mix well is probably the most bothersome because there's nothing worse than having lumpy, unmixed powder throughout your shake. Overall, it still functioned as intended but just not as well as one would want; therefore, I'd rate this product as average and nothing to get excited over. For this price point, there are plenty of better options and I recommend looking elsewhere for a better protein supplement.
Very small. Over promises and under delivers...
Flavor was fabulous! It was somewhat expensive for the size of the container.
I think this relieves the pain somewhat. Maybe I need to try the stronger version
I am not going to review in regard to how well they are made because I think the product is what it is. For me however I like them a lot because with this product the reading glasses are never far away. :)
Great product, haven't used enough to see results. Only problem is u have to take 6 big pills a day!!!!!! Will update review after i see results.
Haven't seen any change
Works well until it stops working. Bought this in December and it is now the middle of April and it has stopped working. And this is the second neck heater this has happened with.
The glasses broke pretty quickly but they were cute party favors to pass out.
They make me feel super jittery. I've tried with and without food and felt terrible both times.
Does not bit fit properly under breast line for a women. I am long wasted and it should have fit better
Bought this box for a good value, but ended up being a bad deal because there were only 7 protein bars in a box labeled for 12 bars.
When it was mailed, i smelled somthing funky. I found some capsules were open and covered with yellow powder.. I don't like the smell and it's kind of messy..
Feel comfortable, help to relax my hand
I really want to like this, but it has so many parts I need the instructions each time to put it on. And then I can never get it as smooth as the picture, so it's too bulky to fit inside most of my shoes. I'm going to keep trying, though, because it does support my ankle well, and I can wrap it where I need it most.
Arrived with lube all over the container.
Nice scent...just not as great as all the reviews. Not sure if i would purchase again.
Too small amount for the price. Was shocked at the size of the container. The liquid does NOT seem to work as advertised. I bought some dollar store brand for a $1.00 that ran circle around this detergent. I was really unpleased and will not buy from a store or order this mixture anymore.
I liked that you got a lot for your money and that's about it. Not what I'm used to. Always bought P*'s Pinon in the past and it's much better, albeit more expensive. P*'s is airy with hints of Cedar and definitely Pinon. This product smells like a pine campfire... the next morning. Sorry, not for me.
Very good chocolate-y taste, as in unsweetened cocoa, but this protein powder is not filling, even when mixed with other protein powder. Perhaps good for its collagen, but unsatisfying as a meal replacement shake. Expensive for what it is.
I was hoping for better after reading all the 5 star reviews. The buttons feel very cheap. The sound effects seem kind of hollow. And there is quick looping one of the effects. It has turned off twice on me in the middle of the night. Seems like I'll be better off using my ipad with an app.
Served its purpose. Satisfy although its a small pouch.
I started taking these this past weekend and I have to say these are probably my favorite hydroxycut product yet! It usually takes me a while before feeling more energetic but after two days of taking them I felt it and it was a great awake feeling.
The capsules have a little bit of a weird taste.
I use mct oil powder and collagen powder in my coffee every morning. I tried this brand because it was cheaper than Great Lakes and Orgain (other brands I've tried and liked). I don't like the taste of this. I'm not sure if its the added sweetener or something else, but no bueno.
We have gone through 4 of these over the past 3 years. The concept and construction of it is great, but the weld at the base of it is very susceptible to cracking and then breaking. If you use it daily (why wouldn't you?) it will eventually wear out and breaks. At least that is our experience. Its great for travel though as it folds up and fits in the front CPAP case pocket very easily.
Love it (when it works)... Mine died in September after using it after 10x since May.... So... Make sure u get the warranty. Besides that, great product.
Its alright, but the coloring is nothing like the picture. I thought I would look more realistic but it's all one plain color
Unable to review until i have gone through a bottle to see its effectiveness. I will provide more positive review once I know more. I just received the bottle.. Geesh!
Little pricey for contents but informative and cute
I don't think the corrector works. I couldn't get it tight enough without it putting pressure on my toe nail and I couldn't walk with them on.
It's so stiff that when you turn your head the mask pushes away. I find the plain thin mask better for an active sleeper.
Usually love this but this batch tastes old....
These are not bad when used in conjunction with the roller.
I purchased this for my mother who has limited shoulder movement due to an injury. I thought it was a great idea and would be helpful. The brush arrived fast( LOVE Prime), is long and brushes the hair where she cant reach. . I wouldn't recommend this being your main brush and brushing with wet hair. The only negative is the quality of the bristles. They seem flimsy and cheap. I guess well see how long it will last.
I just am not a fan of the scent and it's a bit strong.
It works as advertised but the flavor....think of baby formula and then add the texture of raw eggs. I'm a HUGE Herbalife fan, but I cant see myself buying this flavor again.
Not as good as expected.
I'e used this product for a couple of months. Overall, I think it does help some with the neuropathy pain. I can tell the difference when I have not used consistently. The problem that I have with the product is that it upsets my stomach and I have to stop periodically. It also has a strong taste that can be unpleasant at times. In summary, it would be worthwhile to try it and see if it works for you personally.
It smokes well, its just rather small for a church warden pipe. Other than the lack of size its a nice pipe.
This lamp is great for illumination, however, when you try to move it or relocate its position, it slips apart way too easily. I have to be VERY careful or it can fall apart.
It's ok but bulletproof seems better for me
Maybe this is a matter of taste, but I found this protein way too sweet! I bought it because it was for a really good price but I wouldn't buy this again. I also tried the milk chocolate flavor and I didn't like it either! Sorry MP, but I don't like your flavors!
Very small garbage bags, not impressed
The piece is beautiful and is great to hit from. We didn't like it because its short enough that you try and look around the device so you don't burn yourself. It's really a great piece.
Not very comfortable and a bit awkward to deal with.
Bought some to give away and some for the house. The bottle says bathroom spray so I had to explain to peeps what it is. I found out I can just use body spray and it does the same. Wouldnt buy again.
Hard to swallow big tablets. Upset my stomach for sure. No pain relief. Turmeric works far better. Better yet, try green spinach smoothies, or blueberries. They are anti inflammatory and truly work.
This does not dissolve as Inhad thought. The particles expand a lot once added to liquid. I was expecting something I could mix into my coffee, this does not do that at all.
You get what you pay for i guess. For a 4 pack purchase it isn't a bad deal, but the smell isn't very strong.
They don't the job when you use them for certain products like numbing creams.
Used this in my tea. I tried it because I cannot have anything milk and this didn't have any milk products at all. It was better than some others that I've had. However if I didn't stir it every time I picked up the cup, I'd end up with a residual of sludge at the bottom. Just way too much solid matter settling to the bottom of the cup.
Don't be fooled by a lot of these reviews. I've been using this for a few weeks and here's the scoop (regardless of what other reviewers say): 1. Doesnt dissolve well in a shake bottle. 2. Dissolves OK in a blender, still chunks and very foamy. 3. Not neutral taste at all. Tastes like beef broth. 4. Put in boiling hot water. Tastes like a soup and dissolves a little better, but still chunks. Ultimately, it's collagen. It's going to clump. If you can tolerate that, it's a good product.
These are not as good as the Muslim strips. It is a good well packaged product but if you have used both then you find out this product doesn't lift and attach to the hair and wax like the Muslim strips do.
Not alot of flavor, better to add to coffee
Very thin silky material. I was thinking this would be more like a towel but definitely can't dry off anything with this
Like the price. I prefer single capsules.
My dad needs additional protection overnight. I had hoped these in combo with an absorbency pad would be effective. No. They are not! Doing laundry on my dad's bedding 3-4x a week. Alrighty then.
Doesn't work as shown
Update: Its ok diaper cream. It separates very easily and it does have a very ROSE LIKE smell. I am still going to use it but not sure I will keep using this brand. I prefer the Target and Walmart brand better so far.
It's okay, kinda disappointed in the performance
Tea tastes ok, but not for everyone. My little one developed colic (gas) after two days through my milk. He was very uncomfortable. I immediately stopped drinking the tea, and once it cleared his system, he was back to normal again. I drink other teas, and Rooibos tea is also known for promoting milk supply - has been great with baby boy (now 5 months).
Pros: it's real Amber, and I really like that this company offers different sizes, as opposed to others who only offer a standard size of 5.5 inches. Cons: I understand that no two beads are the same as they are all unique in shape, however the bracelet I received had two very small beads compared to the rest of the bracelet and I am not happy about that, as it looks a bit off and feel like I got a bit slighted.
Picks up pet hair no problem. I also like each sheet is cut diagonally and not a continuous roll which makes it so easy to peel. I did not like, however, how the roll does not stay in place so I need to readjust the handle every swipe. Also, guaranteed delivery date was a day late.
Overall, I *kind of* like this product. It's very small, which I wasn't expecting but I love. The sound quality isn't great, but it's decent. It also doesn't get as loud as I'd like, but that's ok I guess. It's perfect for travel.
I'm really on the fence about this product. I've used it on both myself and my children and we've had varying results when compared to each other, and compared to different times we've used it. I am half black so my hair is pretty dry and kinky. I found that, post shower, it went in smoothly, spread out evenly, and combed through thoroughly. Sometimes, as my hair would dry, the product would harden (similar to gel), giving my hair a rough tecture, but not causing knots to form. My children are all a quarter black and so their hair is a bit different but still has the same degree of dryness that most African Americans experience. The first few times I used this product on my 4 year old, it was amazing. Whether it was post shower, or in conjunction with a water spritz to dampen her hair, it left her curls bouncing and soft to the touch. Then, I've had other experiences where this product had turned into a gel-like substance upon drying, creating clumps, and matting her hair up more than it had been before. These experiences have been extremely distressing for her and doing her hair becomes a tear-filled nightmare. I've tried to vary the amounts I've used to see if that makes a difference but I've had varying experiences regardless. Overall, this product is very hit and miss for me and I'm a bit disappointed at the effect that it has at times. When it works, it's amazing and our hair looks and feels wonderful. When it doesn't work, it's awful trying to get the tangles out and sometimes even requires a rewash to get out.
These are wonderful ear plugs, the best I have found, the only thing I didn't like was that they came individually wrapped, which is not what the photo depicted.
Not sure if it's working for me
Hangs too low in the back. My son was always showing crack. Loose stools turned into blowouts!
I bought this for my dog. My vet recommended it since I make my dog's food.
My dad said it's comfy! But actually a bit tight for him. Should have ordered Size L for him ha
Surprisingly very strong scent. Considering this is for babies I thought it would be more mild. I ended up buying seventh generation free and clear with no fragrance and I add a splash of this for a bit of scent.
I literally wasted at least five of these, because the tea bag is as big as the wrapping 😡. No matter how careful I was at opening the wrapping, the tea bag always tore and the filling came out. I won't be ordering any more I had to go online and purchase another brand.
I thought this would help with my IBS issues but when I first started taking them they cleaned me out. After about a week that stopped but it didn't really make my symptoms go away or help me be regular.
i bought this product not to have lint or swipe marks on the glass.
For the price, I could go to my loca drug store and get the gummies. Average prenatal nothing out of the ordinary.
Very uncomfortable, your face feels like it in a vice
The mask is comfortable and more convenient than most other methods of warm compress for the eyes. However, it does not stay hot for 10 minutes. It is hot for maybe the first few minutes and continues to cool down. By around minute 5 or 6 the mask is about body temp so doesn't feel very warm. By minute 10 it is a little warmer than room temp. Also, my vision is a little blurry after using the mask. My Ophthalmologist says it is completely normal and safe, but a warning would be nice
I wouldn't order this again. For me, the spray is much easier and more effective.
I tried this brand after enjoying Four Sigmatic 10 Mushroom Blend in my tea every night for a few months but hoping to cut down on the expense a bit. This is much more gritty in texture and tends to collect in the bottom of the cup, making the last couple of sips rather unpleasant. The mushrooms seem potent, but instead of helping me wind down in the evening, this gave me more of an energy boost. I was still able to get to sleep after using this, but I'm going back to the Four Sigmatic for my nightly tea, mostly because I dislike the feeling of grit in my mouth.
Loses heat very quickly as compared to the rubber ones that have been in my family since I was a kid.
After taking for 30 days, I've seen a reversal of the improvement I experienced from the black seed oil liquid that I was previously using. I took as recommended on the label, but am now having more swelling and pain, which had diminished to almost unnoticeable degrees when taking the actual liquid form from another manufacturer. I was hoping this would work as well or better since it claims to be 3X as strong as the liquid. Unfortunately, it did nothing except reverse the progress I'd already achieved from the liquid form.
I was hoping it would be heavier and provide a deeper massage. I guess it's not bad for the price but the light weight nature plus the short handle makes it "Just Okay" for me. I guess you do get what you pay for.
I technically only got 7 instead of 10 since the way the item came packaged caused three of the gift card holders to be bent. Maybe send them in a box next time and not an envelope.
Package came with leaking bottle. Some was missing
I'm not fond of the flavor and I don't think it does much for me.
It taste good but it does have a little bit of a smell
The item is USED, please indicated that the item is USED in the item description .
I did not notice any difference in pain, swelling or anything the doc said it would do.
Meh. They cut out some noise, but don't make a great seal. Comfortable, though - made of soft silicone - and at least they don't fall out. They fit pretty tight in the carrying case, so that I usually have to pry them out with my pen knife.
Worked well for my right ear, but left ear opening is smaller- could not get a tight fit, even tried 1/2 a pillow, and held it in hand for several minutes to loosen up. Can't return this, so threw out all 4 packs. Too bad a single pack isn't available to try first.
Great energy like Spark, I just didn't like the taste. It tasted like chewable baby aspirin. I love the taste of Mandarin Orange Spark so I really was hoping I'd like this brand since it's cheaper.
Not effective for me
The dildo does not look like it does in pictures for one and the the “ 7 inch “ description is misleading, the shaft and head which is what's going to be used is actually 5 inches. The faux skin under the head is also a bit stiff and rigid.
Works very well enjoy using it
it works … but … I just don't like the way it fits around the ears
haven't seen any result after 3 weeks using this! but compare to other tine versicolor medications/washes doesn't smell that bad.
Its OK I mean its black gel polish it requires additional curing time otherwise it will not cure correctly other then that its as described
The cut out does not fit my tattoo guns. Other then that it sits good for the price.
When I first used the product upon opening the bottle, the product was very effective. It performed as advertised.. The polish came off and also started to eat through the acrylic nail. The next time I used the product it was not as effective. It just created a bubble effect on the nail but did not remove anything. On the third go around still no results. Sorry to say I won't be purchasing again.
Great flavor! I wish they included iron though.
Ear plugs aren't great. But the case is nice. Ear plugs have edges that dig into your ear. After awhile they are uncomfortable.
Didn't get the described user's manual. Will figure out how to use.
I liked the shape of it. It was difficult to program. Not what I expected so I returned it.
Nice size, but didn't work
Day 1: the pills are easy to swallow, took them 20min before dinner (as the package directed). Maybe this is TMI ... but since I'm going to leave an honest review, I did have a few nasty tasting burps after eating dinner. We'll see how this goes. I'll post an update after I've been taking it for a few days.
I bought this off of the reviews and having used Ancient Nutrition products before. This product, however, is horrible tasting and doesn't mix very well. I used unsweetened plain almond milk and all I could take was an aspartame-type taste. I'll continue to use it, but after it's finished, I'll move on to something else.
I spent so much time trying to figure out what was causing all the extra gas in our baby. I knew it was my milk but when I stopped taking these tablets we learned it was this product that was causing all the crying and gassiness. It kind of helped my milk supply flow but it wasn't worth not sleeping from a constant crying and pooping and gassy baby. I gave it a three star since I feel as though it did work but our baby did not tolerate it for sure.
Love it But was disappointed, it already has a torn! And I've have been looking for something like this forever. And then finally found it for my son diabetic supplies after a week got torn! 😞
We mix about a tbsp. with water but the taste is still terrible so we don't take it often enough to tell if it does any good.
I just received the glasses today and they are damaged!!! I would like to replace them but don't know to get in contact with the seller! I'm so disappointed!
Been a active weight lifter for awhile now, in the past I been more focused on bulk and power. But these days more focused on leaning out and endurance. Been taking many supplements for years so it's nothing new to me, by far preworkouts are the best to get a good workout. After using this product for a while now I can not say I noticed much of anything. Now as we know everyone can react different to different supplements so it might work for you but unfortunately not for me. The taste is also strong I could add more water but that means I have more to drink. So i will have to pass on this one and move to something else.
This is a silly product, and it 's made for tiny feet, but it is exactly what it claims to be.
Leaves the house smelling fresh and clean, last up to two months, great value.
Liked the first few days that I took it. After that had a sort of suspended feeling when trying to sleep. (So couldn't really drop into deep rest state).
This fits nicely but doesn't get hot enough to really provide relief.
The product arrived relatively quickly. It worked as advertised. However, I suspect the product was a returned one. For example, there was no instructional manual or product registration cards. A small crayon scuff mark was on the side of the product, and small furs seen inside the foot inserts. I returned the product afterwards.
The delivery driver put the product (packed in light weight bubble wrap plastic package) in a car in my driveway. I didn't find it for a few days and all individual pill are fused together. Be sure to keep the product out of a hot car.
I love how easy this product is to use. However, I have bought this enema bag twice because the first one shut off valve started leaking. Now my second enema bag is leaking as well and I've only had it for 2 weeks
This product works well enough for the purpose of a quick stethoscope use. It can't compare to some other stethoscopes in the market, however, it is such an affordable price!
They are a good fit only problem I have is that the plunger is loose when you are sucking up liquids. Other than that they still work as intended
Nice shoulders heating pad but it doesn't snug (it snug very loose, perhaps will feel better on bigger persons) but I'm satisfied as of now.
I ordered the purple band. In the image it's a beautiful purple. What I received is a wine colored band. Very Disappointed.
Just received this machine yesterday, have not used it yet.
This little scrubbing pad set me back $10, which wouldn't be so bad if using it to scour off all the mineral deposits in the bowl didn't wear off all the abrasive side in one use. At that price, I find it most unreasonable given its limited usability. It worked pretty well, no better than the rigid pumice scrubbers, but this has the advantage of flexibility so it can access hard to get at places. (One of my toilets has a very poor design in that regard.) So, it gets 3 stars for that reason, but I took 2 stars off for the unreasonable cost. Will not buy again.
The meter itself works fine, but the auto-injector is nearly impossible to use effectively. It will not click into place when the lancet is inserted. What good is the unit if you can't get a blood sample? The reason I ordered this particular unit was that it came with the auto-injector. Now I have to buy a new one!!
just not sure it works
Although there are different vibration patterns, the strength did not change. Too strong for my lady bits. Boyfriend enjoyed and he lasted longer than usual. Overall, ok. May give it another go.
I feel odd reviewing papertowels but here are my thoughts...these are fine. Nothing special but not horrible. Hence the 3-star review--they are average. The rolls are skimpy and we seem to go through them quickly. I much prefer Costco's Kirkland brand select-a-size. I do like that these show up at my house in 2 days thanks to Prime and that's probably why I'm giving them 3 stars vs 2.
The letter b was defective. You could not blow it up . Sticks to blow up the air filled balloons were way too short. For the most part worked and looked like they were suppose to.
tastes horribly. impossible to chase down with water. it does work however.
I didnt expect this to give me the energy after a fresh nights sleep but it does help provide a little boost on days where I feel a bit sluggish. It's mostly sugar and carbs so I could probably just have some jolly ranchers or chocolate but this is more direct and convenient to keep on hand. Not long lasting but it doesnt make me jittery or anxious which is great as I am a bit sensitive to caffeine.
Three stars because the ingredients and serving size are okay. But the flavor is terrible. I've tried several different types of powders with different types of sweetners/flavor for chocolate, and this one is just sweet. That's it, it taste like a sweet powder. I can't taste any chocolate. Which is off putting. Also, it's very chalky like, kind of suspicious.
How many times a day should I take?
I wasn't super impressed with these strips. it seemed the edges would lift or only a small portion of the strip would show color. There's nothing like peeing on a strip and getting dark red results. Never got that from these strips - did a side by side comparison with a different brand. Just wasn't super impressed.
Gentle? Yes, but maybe too gentle. Really wasn't effective.
Small bumps are good for getting into the knots in your foot. Highly portable
Great for holding my polishes. It is much easier to find what I want to use and is a fantastically elegant storage solution. The 'floor' of the racks are uneven though. Bottles of certain sizes or shapes can fall over or otherwise not sit well since the grated floor is wavy and bent.
It does what is for, but I wouldn't put a lot of pressure on it.
Only worked for a couple months
These are made more for milkshakes, I'm not really impressed.
I have one that won't stay on even if no one is touching it, I'm guessing because of layers of paint, and even those that stay on seem to be knocked off pretty easily. Perhaps because all of our vents are painted. But if they are that great it seems that they should stay even with the paint. That being said, my 10 month old son has yet to break them at all even though he has pulled them off, taken them apart, and banged them on the floor on multiple occasions.
Maybe it's my body or maybe it's the pills. I'm heartburn free when taking the 15 day treatment but have heartburn as soon as I stop taking it. Doesn't last the 45+ days for me.
Daughter started taking these . . . not quite the min-tabs we had hoped for. Still waiting to see if they help with focus like they claim. Will keep you posted.
The product is amazing. It lets me check my levels whenever I want. However, the first shipment didn't contain test strips. And now the part of the device that holds the needle and triggers release does not work, which makes the process much more painful.
Its a bit to light.... but works great.
The product is great, the shipping was not. In fact I received half of my order and got a message the other half will be late . I'm still waiting , it's bern 2 days. Why did you ship it that way?
As a prediabetic 5 more grams sugar is the last thing I need before bed. I will opt for the pills. I would recommend making them with a sugar substitute but they are not great for people health wise either.
I like this product because it is very quick, just wet and shave. The downside is that for the price the moisture part runs out really quickly and it is hard to get a close shave.
Unable to measure any effect on my brain!
It is a strong massager and works as described but the heating function does not work. I read it can get so hot it burns your skin. I just did not want to send it back.
The first time I ordered these I loved them! Finally a wipe that doesn't break, has no scent, and the package lasts long. Ordered them a second time and it's almost like the wipes were switched. They smelled like cleaning wipes and gave my husband and I a rash. Don't know what happened but I was so excited to finally find these. I won't purchase again because well, I don't wanna pay this much to get a rash and smell like a Clorox wipe.
Using it to see if it helps with sleep. Doesn't taste too good when mixed with small amount of OJ.
I gave this product 3 stars because after about a week the middle of the cushion lost its shape. It was still comfortable but the middle just didn't recover its shape.
Word of advice if you are using this product for a shoulder injury that's causing loads of pain it's best to have someone help you adjust the straps. It's difficult to do on your own and uncomfortable (for me due to the pain). I'm disappointed that I can't get a good grip on to secure the straps in a way which is comfortable for me.
Smells and feels great but doesn't do a good enough job with the sweat. I actually stink by the end of the day with this deodorant. Very disappointed as I wanted to like it.
Not bright enough and not of good quality.
Not at all as expected. Would not order again.
Major con is the instructions that come with it.
I'm tired most of the time and I hoped this would give me more energy but it didn't.
I thought this would be the thicker formula to apply as a lip balm but it's almost liquid
Way too strong. Best to use very sparingly. Advertised for use by man or woman. I'd not recommend for men unless very sparingly while wet from bath or shower and before towel drying.
Bad design. Definitely not worth it. Definitely did not worth the list price.
It killed the weeds in one day but they came back a few days later.I thought it killed the roots as well so that the weeds did not come back..
No seasickness. But tired, groggy, and kind of out of it...
I really enjoyed this set. There is such a great variety. All but one of them smell really nice. The only one that smelled off was the patchouli, it wasn't like other patchouli essential oils that I've smelled. But besides that one, this is a wonderful starter set!
I think this is a drop shipper; box arrived from Walmart. I hate Walmart.
A beautiful blue color. Unfortunately it didn't hold up well.The right side bar that is between the front and back frame keeps coming unglued. It is kept as a backup for now.
This is my second order but this time I got a lot of liquid instead mineral from the container when use. Did anyone have the same experience? Is it a bad batch?
Good product. I wish they were cheaper.
Holy stinky belly cream!!! Overall, this balm made my skin feel good and kept my belly from itching, but it smelled so bad I would only put it on before bed so I ultimately had to get something else to put on during the day.
Tubes always touch eyes. Need too many tubes per use
Anotger fun addition to our bedroom. Its a pain to figure out the first time though.
Great product .I have more energy and stamina.
Tablets are a bit too big
I have been giving this product to my two girls since they were two years old. They tolerate it pretty well. However, while the product itself is okay, they package is ridiculously large and over designed. The pills only half fill the bottle. The bottle is packed on an inner liner and put in a sleeve that is boxed in a larger box. When I order two bottles it it like I have bought three pairs of shoes for the size of the overall package! Please start filling the bottles fully if you are worried about breakage and get rid of all the extra materials!
Didn't do anything for me. But the product was what it said. And shipped quickly. I just had to go to HRT
Product was not describe properly, had some issues with packaging found hair on the product. The resistance band that came with the product worked well.
It takes a long time to register a reading, and the darn thing won't stop beeping!
The pantyhose seem to be just like regular tights of a smaller size and don't provide proper compression. I've use so many compression tights by now, so I know that these are not right.
Arrived promptly, but chews are stale. Harder to chew than store-bought. Perhaps they've been frozen from shipping due to the cold weather we've been having. Will give them a few days and see if they soften.
I can't really tell if this is doing anything or not. I do not feel any different. I do however think that I notice a slightly more enjoyable taste to my water.
This is convenient and can work well. However, it feels like it is less effective and requires higher doses than making my golden paste from turmeric powder. It also seems to take longer to take effect than adding golden paste to my tea. I make my golden paste using distilled water, turmeric powder, black pepper, (sometimes ginger powder, and holy basil), and organic coconut oil. The healthy fat and pepper combined with the heat of my tea yields faster relief from aches and pains.
I feel like these did work to make the pimple smaller but it also gave myself a chemical burn on what spot of my face. If it wasn't for that, it would be great.
It serves it's purpose - it holds pills. Individual compartment lids are slightly difficult to open. Easy to take apart to clean.
Bought these to try for an option rather than liquid cider vinegar. I'm sure they are fine but I would rather have a capsule than a chalky pill, and these had a very strong vinegar smell. Good option though for the price.
I bought this preworkout like a month or so ago and just barely got around to trying it out. Honestly, the flavor (watermelon) was not as good as I imagined it but I could always get over that any day. However, the potency of this formula was not as "strong" as I thought it would be. I did feel slightly more zoned in (focused) than if I did not use preworkout but it was minimal. I did only use 1 1/2 scoops thinking it would pack some sort of a punch but was pretty disappointed. On my next workout I'll try 2 full scoops but my hopes aren't too high. * I will update this once I try it out.*
Great product in itself. Mountain berry is our favorite flavor. Keeps you from bottoming out during workouts. Unfortunately, the distributor shorted our package by only sending 16 bars instead of the 18 count as listed.
Good flavor, but definitely leaves the protein after-taste.
You could still smell a little bit outside of the bag.
I use to get 48 rolls of the same toilet paper for $25 on Amazon. Now I get 24 rolls for $25! I didn't notice until I ordered this last time. Cheaper to go to the store and use coupons. But it still cleans your butt. ;)
Didn't really notice any benefit in taking these
I've been taken Ox Bile for a few months now. In the beginning my body had to adjust to it. I'm not sure if it's really working though. I started with 125 mg so I could slowly introduce it into my system and not get sick. I 'm going to up my dosage to see if anything changes. A friend of mine, who happens to be a nurse, recommended it to me when she started taking it. We both have issues losing weight after having our gall bladders removed.
If you like the softer texture of a goldfish then you will like these. They are not crisp like a tortilla chip, and I don't care for them.
So, these colors are very pretty. I used another brand of base and top coat... my daughter and myself both used this brand, and both of our nails peeled off the same day. It's pretty...maybe we didn't put on enough?? But I hate that it peeled off so quick.
Did not send the pictured cake topper which was the reason why I bought this! Not really happy bout tha!
I love the idea of these... plant based materials, etc. But the scent is SO strong and it doesn't smell completely natural. I was trying to get away from synthetic ingredients and they advertise all the natural ingredients but the box says the scent is made from natural and synthetic ingredients. I wish they were more transparent about what they use, it seems like they use synthetic fragrance but hide it.
was broken upon arrival. However, all I had to do was glue it back together so it was an easy fix. It also had a very light chemical smell and so I felt I needed to wash my face after using it.
Patches don't stay very well and aren't as effective as the roll on lidocaine. But the roll on cryoderm is amazing for pain relief. Go lightly, it doesn't take much before you realize it's too much! If you want the lidocaine by Salonpas (which is why I tried the patches), skip the patches and get the roller.
Good comfortable replacements, but I find that they turn green from mildew quite quickly.
Pretty cups and good size, but they are short and wide rather than tall and narrower.
We have a small cooler for a golf cart, lunch box size. We had orange slices sitting on directly top of the frozen pack in a plastic container. They were not cold after about two hours after we put them in. Tried it again a second time and only with a direct contact with a metal liquid container, did it stay cold. The packs were frozen solid, so not sure what's going on, but really disappointed.
Seems to be a normal/average battery as far as strength. Enjoyed the price/value. However ordered a six pack. It was opened & only contained 5. Won't be ordering again.
Two stars for the product as it did not work for me, but +1 star for the seller, who did everything well (shipped and arrived on time, with good packaging). I'd buy again from the seller, but look for a different product.
The bars are edible and keep you full but I did not enjoy the taste.
Smelly huge pills. Made me break out all over chest and caused oil skin. I will update in 2 months as biotin always makes me breakout.
Didn't notice weight loss but felt less hungry..going to give it more time.
Product not very effective for my use. I've had several back surgeries so am always looking for something to assist with more comfort. I have found that the Herbal patches that I use are more effective than this patch.
This flavor is hideously disgusting... You will fight the urge to vomit every time you chug your daily dose. Gives me energy and seems to have great ingredients but oh my Lord it has a wretched taste.
I bought them for sleeping and they crinkle too much in my ear when I toss and turn. I have a pair with a nylon cord that doesn't do that - these have a plastic cord.
This cream is great, but the last order I received was old stuff, maybe expired.
Took long for delivery. Little hard to replace and wrong tool was sent . If you have an eyeglass repair kit.. that might work a little better
My girlfriend said the charging plug doesn't always make a good connection and has a tendency to not always charge which is disappointing when your in the mood and it doesn't last long.
Felt tight around my toe when applied. Did not cover entire bunion area
These straws had a very funny smell. I rinse each one before using them.
Taste is alright, it may a bit hard to mix without a blender. However that's the price to pay for non-whey protein source, I assume.
Stylish and comfortable.
I wanted to use magnets to see if they had a positive effect on my body - but the pad was too painful to stand on! Oh well, I did like the shoe inserts. Also painful, but not as much.
I like the product so far. Packaged came with product oozed out all over container box. Fault of Amazon I think as it was mailed in an envelope (get a clue) Smell is light and husband says it smells like tea. I will update
Worked great for a week, then the results were minimal.
What I liked about the product is that the product does heat the water but it does get very hot and it's in Celsius not Fahrenheit so you have to figure that part out the cons are that I have large feet so there wasn't a lot of wiggle room in the machine for my feet I was expecting a little bit more I'm not sure what I was expecting but basically the just of what I got out of it it was a heated bucket with water & rollers in it
I wasn't impressed at all. Blistex is about the same..
It was okay now that I know to pay attention that it was tube free. I like the tube to be in my scotts
The outside is attractive and has a beautiful design. The tissues are very cheap and thin.
Interesting alarm. Choice of hues, gradual going into daylight. Purchased for a family member to take away to school.
Love that it's all natural and the scent. I tried this on some old stains (yellow underarm stains and a grease stain), and it didn't work at all. I haven't tried it on a fresh stain yet so hopefully it will be effective then.
Same old time and it was just to my liking they want me to write
The worst design. Not recommend.
Not water soluble. Have to take a scoop right into mouth or mix into protein shake.
As many stated, the tops do not close securely. I thought I would give them a try and YUP the reviews are right. I turned the container over to get medicine out and all of them went all over the floor. I had to gather them quickly as my GSD came running into the kitchen. Unfortunately I threw away the packaging so now I have 2 pill containers that are truly no good to me.
UPDATE: I still have not actually accessed the product so this review is based solely upon packaging and the update regards customer service. Still hate the package, but if Amazon allowed separate star ratings I would give customer service 5 stars. They responded super fast and I can tell they are genuine in wanting to make things right. Based on their swift response, I will keep an eye out for new package design and order again. To be fair - I couldn't tell you if the product is any good...so far I have been unable to open the stinkin container. I have rheumatoid arthritis and it definitely does come with a loss of grip strength, but I have never been unable to get something open. However...I have pounded the lid, attempted to pry it off with tools, used all manner of gripping assistance gloves, etc., and will now have to resort to just cutting the lid off. The combination of the plastic canister shape and size and slick brushed metal of the lid - both wider than my average grip...has defeated me and regardless of whether or not this product is good - I will not ever buy it again - I don't appreciate expending that much effort to get something open. Seriously poor product packaging! So, take that for what's it worth to you folks. :-)
It really removes the hair but bunny hair is so light it flies everywhere.
I liked the fact that they were soft but it should should be both stainless steel with a silicone tip. I didn't like that the straw was so short, need different sizes.
I don't know what my wife was thinking when she purchased this item. Unless you run a small business and needs a lot of gift bags, who needs 100 bags all of the same color? Yes it's cheaper to buy in bulk but if you only need one or two or even twenty for a small party, there's no point in buying 100 gift bags of the same design to save a few bucks. Returned them all unused.
Meh. They're vitamins. Took a star away for the smell alone. Horrid. Took another star bc my 13yo daughter said that she doesn't feel any more focused or energized than she already was.
I wanted a sturdy bed table to use as a place to keep a couple books, journal, ledger, computer tablet etc, and occasional snacks, cup of soup, etc. I don't think I'd dare put a drink on it for fear of it tipping over, as the slightest moves jar the table. Seriously thought about returning it but don't want to go through the hassle. I'll just make sure to not put certain food or drinks on it. For the price, it's okay, and it shipped promptly.
This soap is ok at best. It doesn't get a very good lather with just one pump. You would need 2 or more to feel clean. The smell is kind of weird. I probably won't order this again unless they came out with a different scent and formula.
I do like these back scratchers but the previous ones I ordered, without any paint on the end, do a much better job of scratching. The paint is pretty but sort of dulls the ends of the tines. And yes, the head does turn around sometimes but I'd put up with that if the paint didn't make the tines so smooth.
I purchased this product 3 months ago. I didn't want to post a review until I knew I had consistent results. The claim for lighter periods, was the first thing I notice. I have always been a heavy bleeder. I would have to change using other products one the hour(pad + tampon). The number of days was close to the same, 4-5 days. I honestly couldn't tell if it reduced the cramping, I've really had bad cramps, that part seems the same. Will I continue to use the product? Yes, the results were enough that I knew I didn't not want to go back to what I used to do. I like the fact that is a natural product and has made my monthly regimen simpler. My only complaints: the adhesive doesn't seem very strong, I have an active lifestyle and I've noticed it can be a problem( workouts). I think the absorbency could be better, I still find myself changing often with the slightest feel of moisture.
I used this product for pain relief in my lower back. It did exactly what was promised
They last a long time but they are WAY too sticky. A little painful to get off (but not as painful as ripping off a bandaid, so there's that).
I was pretty happy with these at first. I followed the instructions which emphasize not to leave the lid off for any amount of time. Well, on a rainy day, I took one out and replaced the lid right away. The next day, all the strips were pink. My house has no leaks or anything; the ambient humidity was just higher. It was not even especially humid. And I was quick about opening the bottle, getting the strip, and replacing the lid. Apparently my house is in mild ketosis! Here's the thing. All 150 strips are in the same bottle. If the bottle fails, all 150 strips are gone. I wish I could get 150 strips, only groups would be packaged in cellophane, much as crunchy seaweed snacks are. That way, if one pack is exposed to moisture, you still have the remaining wrapped strips. I don't know if there is such a thing. These might work if you live in a dry climate. Waste of time if you live with rain or humidity.
Does what it says it does, when I called the lab they wanted my name when the packaging highlighted confidential. I had great difficulty in getting my results as I did not complete the name and address portion. Once I got through to the correct department they were friendly and helpful. Test is extremely easy to get samples and mail off. This test is fully paid for upfront, other tests require that you pay for the processing. I gave rating a 3 because, 1) I was asked to rate the product 1 year later by the vendor. 2) getting the results was difficult which I believe is an isolated incident.
Its a very soft silicone material feels similar to the real thing. But unfortunately the bulb you put the water (or lube) in leaks when you are trying to get it to squirt.
The scale is so thin it is difficult to step on it. It should have some bottom supports.
I don't think it makes much of a difference; it's really hard to tell
Sizing is a little off. Based on the size chart, I am between a small and a medium so I ordered both sizes. I couldn't even get the small on and the medium is a bit tight. The color is a little strange too - the nude looks more tangerine. Otherwise the gloves appear to be well made. I will be ordering a large.
seems fresh and a can feel a little difference in energy
Worked good at first, but this machines only last about a year before you have to replace them. They are overpriced as well.
I purchased this for a friend, so I know nothing about it.
Tablets are very large I have trouble swallowing them. Also they are coated with something sweet which I did not like.
Something is different about this diaper ointment. The original one I had had a different cover display. I wonder if this is a new formula because the old ointment seemed to clear rashes on the same day and this ointment does not have the same strong effects.
These tasted like they had been sitting on a shelf for a while. I wanted to try several flavors without ordering a whole box. The Lime are my favorite...but these all tasted old.
This didn't make much of a difference. I wasn't too consistent with it but I usually can tell right away when a zinc supplement is working. Zinc picolinate works better for me.
Smell did not last very long even when you used alot of the product.
Great product but it rolls up on my panties within few hours.
I find it a bit heavy to hold. Maybe it's because I have arthritis in my right hand.
I was charge two times for one order .
Sizes run larger than other Copper Compression gloves that I have. I ordered a medium and it does not fit snug around my wrist. No ribbing on gloves. I doubt there is any copper in them. I have another pair from this same manufacturer that are much better.
I don't see a major change but ill assume it works. Taste kinda bad so I try to swallow fast.
Love the colors. Took three coats to get a good solid opaque color. You get what you pay for. Great starter gel.
It didn't work for me. I'm planning on buying one with extra virgin. It would have been okay, but it was making me dizzy, due to my Anxiety condition.
Great quality but it leaked during shipping!
This reformulated product does not give the same results as the original. The original was wonderful and I can't comprehend why Pure Essence would mess with the formulation. It is still effective, just not to the same extent as the original formula. You can tell others feel the same way, as the price of the original formula bottles has doubled. If Pure Essence reads this - PLEASE RETURN TO ORIGINAL FORMULA AND DON'T MESS WITH MENOPAUSAL WOMEN! Thank you This gives me relief from all the menopause symptoms and provides my daily multi vitamin. I've found that it is best to split the dosage up to one pill every 4 or hours. I would definitely recommend this product.
I started taking this after I had a hip replacement. It tastes good but I don't know if it is helping at all
I can't say I noticed a difference taking this but the product came quickly and was inexpensive and seems like a good product.
To be truth, rubbish! Not the best. Not worth buying.
very pricey for what you get, the tape does work fine but it is cheaper at the local drug store
Work it. But didn't came is the time that i pay for.
Gloves were great, subscription never came. I'm an EMT and have ordered these a few times, they don't rip and I get a lot of compliments (hospital gloves are usually blue or white) and they're very comfortable. However, I subscribed and never received any boxes.
I prefer a thicker protein drink. Not much flavor.
It's a nice dust pan except for one thing. The back is not high enough. You can't get much on it if your cleaning up a big mess because it falls out over the back. Or if you are cleaning up big stuff. I will keep it anyway for little messes.
Be aware this is ready to drink, NOT syrup. It has water added and is very thin. I bought it to make gummies and it is too watery. Has added water, ACV, cinnamon and other things I did not want, was in a hurry and ordered because it said syrup should probably say juice, consistency of water juice not syrup.
3 because of box was ripped up and wet. Glad items inside was in plactic packets. Should have wrapped box in plastic bag like my next delivery that came in rain also.
I bought two bottles first then went back and bought two more. First set was wonderful! Second set turned gritty and sour 1/2 way through. Nothing changed on my end. They always sit on the bathroom counter. Had to toss out which was a huge bummer
The product worked the way it was supposed to. The brushes however, separated and I needed to go back over the same area various times because the brushes were working in two or three separated pieces. Made for an application that wasn't quite smooth.
Clock worked perfectly for about two years. Had no complaints until recently. The LED started to display the time incorrectly or malfunction and it would lost track of the time.
they are pretty ok paper towels.
Not sure on how to work it.
Just so you know they are giving away free bottles for reviews. This is probably why they are #1. With that being said I've tried it for only 2 weeks and I'm noticing a change. But it's gonna take me a month to give a full review soon. So far so good.
Probably not a particularly good value BUT the most comfortable of the six brands I have tried. No problem with any of them but these are the most comfortable. I not only wear them in the house but go out on concrete to pick up dog messes and take trash to bin. Have washed them in washer with colored clothes but do not put them in dryer. I am happy with all of my variety but theses are the most comfortable if only by a tiny bit more. At 85 not allowed to wear slippers anymore. In younger years my feet have been trod on by so many horses as they at that moment of training would go east instead of west 😳 Causing couple of surgeries. Comfortable shoes are hard to find to wear all day. These are now my slippers.
I have a spur on the joint of my thumb nearest to the palm and the thumb is a trigger thumb as well. The brace doesn't completely immobilize my whole thumb as I would like it to. I had to roll up some gauze and put it on the inside of the palm side of the brace that runs just on the edge of the brace from the wrist up towards the mid-thumb to fill a gap and help immobilize better. I'm contemplating on buying another one that goes around the lower part of my palm instead of just my wrist.
I honestly thought when I bought this that it would have like a floral smell but it's anything but. I can't really describe the smell other than to me, it smells like pot lol. My husband and son says it smells nice but I don't think so. I was really disappointed as it was nothing like I excepted.
They didn't work as expected. Waste of money for me!
fragile had 2 of them one snapped with one step.
Didn't follow thru with the directions. I am going to order another bottle and take as directed, as I did notice a reduction in appetite. I will follow up.
These are good all purpose wipes that help to disinfect and yet not be too harsh to your hands or your health. It would just be nice to get a little more for your moneys worth.
Obviously ok with the product. Upset with the packaging- I only received 10 pads, not 20 and 1 of the 10 pads was missing the cushioning on it when I got to that sheet.
Kind of flimsy. Will see how they hold up.
Product is good but not the fragrance chosen by me.
Have to be refrigerated, guess I missed that in the description.
Product fit well and wasn't uncomfortable.
Didn't work for me. I was trying to lose baby weight. I did diet but still nothing
The tast is not good but the product is great due to the high protein and no sugar
I bought this for my mom who had vision problems. I thought this would be the same as the 4 compartment one. This one has a lip separator for each pill box which is a lot more difficult for my mom. The other box allowed you to slide the pill box in place. It is okay for the normal person, but not if vision impaired. Also the lid doesn't close down flat unless you click it closed.
Arrived melted chocolate and discolored
These were a good buy for the don't say baby game but seemed to break very easily, but hey you get what you pay for and I didn't pay much. They worked for what we needed them for.
Not much massaging/vibration. Can't feel it with jeans on. No heat at the head area. I don't think it has much heat at all. Returned ASAP.
Didn't see any difference in taking it or not.
I'm really not too sure that I like the flavor. It does taste like fruity cereal, but the after-taste is not the best. Will order a different flavor next time.
Very shimmery! Did not see that ad a choice when I ordered it. My 13yr old loves it.
New, haven't seen a difference yet
Product is good but was delivered in a broken wood container. It fell apart as soon as I opened the box.
The case is nice my son likes it, but the bracelet and sticker was not in the package. Was hoping for the bracelet the most because my son will be going to camp and I want people to be aware of his asthma. The case is really handy tho!
Took this for the full month and while it might have brought on my period it didn't do anything else! But yes it is completely tasteless
Not supplement for me
Kit is fine but I was disappointed that it had less than a year of shelf life left to go. I wouldn't have bought it if I had known that.
Not sure this tape is 100% waterproof - adhesive tends to release after it's wet.
I was supposed to receive 10% off on my second order and I didn't get it. I went to my orders and clicked on the gauze and Amazon stated the merchandise was not available. Then I went directly to Amazon.com and it was available. I received the code from your website and when I keyed it in, Amazon stated the code cannot be used for this merchandise.
If I want this item to really straighten my back, it has to be set tightly, and if I do that, it gives me a headache. Does not work well unless I only use it for a very short time, which defeats the purpose.
did keep me calm, but also put me in a negative mood.
It's pretty shiny, very curly and heavy. Takes a long time to straighten everything out. Not horrible, but definitely more of a costume wig than anything.
I'm using this on my 7 year old son who has a big scar on his forehead. I can tell a difference since I first started so I can say it does works....slowly. We are not able to reuse them since he puts it on at night and by morning, he can't find it. Its easy to cut to size and sticks on the skin with no problems. Even though it matches his skin tone, he does not want to wear it to school. Its a big thick and can easily be seen.
Little heavier on my hair than expected, but I do like it.
I thought they were a little big for my face. They almost fall off when you bend over.
Much weaker than doTerra
I've purchased these tests before (at a physical store) and have never had an issue with them, but when I bought them here only 1 out of the 4 worked!
Fits well but balls need to be hanging low in the first place.
Didnt have the blue colored bands :/ the one sent to us only had blue dots.
no difference at all after 3 months of use
This was kind of what I was looking for. I wanted a multi pack but I thought they would taste like the flavors of the packs. It was just a sweet taste! Not all the flavors had the print of the flavor on the paper, but I did love all the ones that did!! that's the only reason I gave it a 3 star. But at the end of day they did serve their purpose
The metal parts of the swing are sturdy but both nylon leg straps torn at the point where they wrap around the plastic buckles.
The scents are weird. Can be overwhelming... they type of scent. The sent does away after like 2 days.
These are Madewell but they are just too big. My hair just falls out of them and I have very thick long hair. They were a disappointment
Small! But serves purpose!
Poor Quality of rubber tip, pieces broke off as soon as I used the cane.
The Ankle Brace fit well and I do like them. The only draw back is the hole when lacing them up do not match with the inside material so it can be a pain to lace.
Get the capsules, the taste is unbearable even when added to a shake with fruit.I do feel like it is a quality product
Warmth is very temperate,couldn't soothe a mild ache. Ended up returning.
Had a different plug than the original, so I had to cut the plug from the old one and spliced it onto the new battery. Guess I'll have to do this each time I need to replace the battery.
How do you know that it's doing anything?
Didn't sprout very well got half the normal batch, very good service
I wish it had a little more support but overall it's a decent splint.
It broke after falling from shower ledge . Clearly not unbreakable. The spout broke off
This will break your skin down if it is not washed off.
I bought it for my Son. Did not realize it contained wheat, my son has celiac. I did not return it decided to take the myself has helped me sleep thru the night
love Vega and have used it for a couple of years, but this last batch tasted different. label changed too. Still good but I liked the old recipe better
I'm not sure about these. I could never get mine in and able to work. I gave up after 30 min in the bathroom multiple times trying and endless frustration setting in. However they are sturdy, pretty colors and come with a nice little satin carry bag. The seller was awesome tho and they shipped quickly.
The Spray doesn't work.
This fulfills it's purpose. For this product, I believe you're paying for the marketing. There are other silicon based lubes out there for a much better price point.
2 containers were bad or expired
Cons: 1. No battery in the box 2. Box feels a bit cheap, it seems that every part is dumped in the box when packaging Pros: 1. It is cheap
I tried this and can't say it has helped me with my pain. I have arthritis in most parts of my body and made an appt with a doctor for arthritis.
It's effective -- you can put things in the basket and carry them around, but the basket doesn't sit flat against the front of the walker. I even ordered a Drive walker thinking it fit *only* their walkers, but nope, still does not sit flat against the walker. This means the basket isn't level either. It is easy to put on, lightweight, and will carry things. I just wouldn't put any liquids in there without a lid or anything that you need to remain flat. So if you need the walker and need to feed yourself, you cannot transport food or beverages easily.
I have bought these twice. First time were as expected. Re-order is discolored ad stale.
Love the idea. Plenty of storage but the decal is already rubbing off.
The powder itself is nice, but came without a scoop so I don't know how much to measure out/serving.
It wasn't packed properly. The package was opened and the product was loosely placed with other products I'd ordered. And lot of scratches, seems like it's already been used hard right before it was delivered to me.
I have very oily skin and liked the fact that it was free of many of the things that makes my skin break out. Yes, the soap does make my skin feel clean and it smells fine, but it has not helped my blemished go away.... On the bright side, my blemishes aren't worse?
In storage awaiting my immobility.
I think it worked okay, but I don't believe I received the same results as others I saw. I also was not able to take it every night, though, because I was working a night job a couple nights a week. I am going to give it another shot and take it every evening as directed and hope for better results! :)
Maybe it needs to be water proof
It is easy, I just kind of wish there was more vibration.
I really love this fitbit given that you get so much more information on sleep and other things, but the band is already looking terrible! I wore a black sweater today and it got even darker. Tried washing with soap, alcohol, etc. and NOTHING is cleaning this off. Very disappointing because this is the color I like.
Received product only half-way filled.
It works good for the purpose intended. Thank you
Last package leaked into plastic bag. About one fourth of liquid leaked. Mess!
Don't know if it had any effect and if it did it was not fast
This was ok but it kept falling down.
Sadly this didn't work for me. Turns out my nose is narrow and I feel like I'm suffocating breathing just out of my nose. And the plugs don't help. I'm now at the point thinking nothing will help. ugh
The metal clip that holds the bands just snapped off for no reason I put it on and never took it off only to take a shower.
It is a good product but I don't know if I would buy it again It is just me but I thought it would work better I think I had to high of expectations but do take a chance with it as it is a good product
I ordered the corset one and got a box for the corset one but inside was the supreme strap. Other than that though it works wonderfully with Bad Dragon toys.
Love the texture but no fragrance at all.
Not adjustable as advertised
Way too much salt, it tastes horrible!
This brace cut off the circulation to my arms when I connected the velcro around the front- and I am a small framed woman. Leaving velcro undone was more comfortable and did keep my posture correct. Maybe one size up would fit better. I did like the brace unfortunately this one was not my size.
This coconut oil seems ok, but came with a broken lid. Doesn't seem like it was packaged as well as it should have been.
This brace is well made. I bought the medium as my upper arm measurement is 10". Out of the package it appeared bigger than my arm but when I tried it, it felt good. But after wearing a few times, it felt looser with less support. I'm a small female, 5'4" and 120 lbs. I thought maybe I should've ordered a small although per the chart I'm definitely a med. I contacted the support dept; they responded that they would send a small. I never received it. Also when I bend my arm it does "bunch up" a bit, hence the 3 stars for range of motion.
Stretch out too soon.
I don't like the accuracy. It is to all over the place.
My husband is way better! But it'll be fun to play with it together.
Love these bars. Too expensive though. I've gotten a few boxes but can't justify the price to keep getting them.
Did what there made to do
Seriously, for those of us who are uninitiated in the artistry that is nail polishing, these are GELS, not your classic polish. You have to set them under the UV lamp to get the stuff to set and dry. No, leaving it alone for 2 hours DOES NOT WORK. Like an idiot, I tried. The goof was entirely on me, which is why I didn't try to send them back. Maybe I'll get myself the lamp for Christmas. XD
did not repeal mosquitos
Well I have been taking it about 2 weeks. All seems improved but too early to say how well it will work in the long run. Will keep it going and see. Maybe it's working!
Unfortunately they leak somehow and they're uncomfortable. Love that they're a healthy version so for that reason they're great.
I'm trying to quit smoking and this seemed like a good aid to help me do it. Flavor is great and I will probably buy more in the future. However, my pen only lasted about two days. I got it Friday and by Sunday afternoon it ran out of battery. I'll be on the search of something similar but longer lasting.
Works wonderfully... but so addictive? Plus, it seems to not pass California's safety standards, and with Fish Oil containing Mercury quite often... I am too afraid to trust this brand and continue using it until they provide evidence it is safe. Effect wise, worked wonderfully though... just not worth the risk for me as of now.
I haven't been able to try it yet because of the strong odor. I am not familiar with this product so the odor may be a normal thing.
Unlike some of the reviews here, i don't think there is an easy or accurate way to measure the product impact. It felt like making an impact but as some had said, it caused digestion issues and I had to stop using it.
My husband was diagnosed with high blood pressure so I thought this would be a good thing to have on hand. Which it worked great when I tested it on myself, it did not work too great for my husband. The cuff is too small if you have any kind of large muscles in your arms.
need to use a lot and than take a average not the best
They are a bit large but I don't understand the fishy taste if they are Vegan. I have never had that experience with Vegan Omega 3's.
Unfortunately when I first opened my cane, the top section with the handle broke off & the cord disappeared. Since it's such a hassle for me to return the article I decided I could still use it by manually putting it back on. Annoying,, but workable. But it was a big disappointment. Thanks for asking. Kathleen Walsh
Yes it cleans, but no better than any cleaning solution in my opinion. Not sure what makes it specifically formulated for cooktops
Have used this one bottle as directed I can't tell if it did anything to help me with pain or sleep. What I can say is the taste wasn't bad and who knows this could work for you.
Thought it came with an ice jack. It does not. Used an ice pack I had. It did not stay cold.
This product seems to have eliminated leg and foot cramps that I have had due to the keto diet, but it has a bitter aftertaste. that may be due to the Stevia sweetener.
Have not used product yet.
The different sounds are great but this sound machine was much quieter than I anticipated.
The caterer for our wedding recommended we order these forks to go with the balsa wood plate's we're using. I decided to try them out myself before placing the larger order, and I'm glad I did. While I wouldn't mind these as something I would use in the office, say (instead of plastic cutlery), or at a backyard BBQ, they aren't fit for a high-end wedding or event. Like some other reviewers said, the mouthfeel is off - that first bite especially is DRY on the tongue. And, there is a definite woody taste. It's not overpowering or necessarily unpleasant, but if you're paying $$$ for catering/food, these would certainly take away from that experience. Net-net: a good alternative to plastic forks for everyday use, but not for more formal functions!
During the first 5 - 10 minutes it would always give me readings that were way too high, then settle back down. I was looking for an alternative to the chest strap, but this device also relies on the 'green light' approach, and I have always found those just aren't accurate enough for those who take training seriously.
Too sweet and chewy.
I like this product. Used several times.
Took these for 3 months and felt/saw no change.
I received different item. I purchased the tinted spot treatment.I received the regular one.
Havent seen the result I wanted
I bought this because it is natural. It is not the best at moisturizing dry skin. It is pricey for the amount. The scent wasn't noticeable.
It wasn't terrible, but I tasted mostly vanilla. there might have been a trace of cinnamon, but if there was, it was overpowered by the strong vanilla. I sent it back, NOT as advertised.
This is a great product; however, the powder doesn't blend completely.
It was good while it lasted. Worked for 4 months, came with the first charging outlet broken.
Pretty pleased with the product gets the job done with no jitters, wouldn't recommend the blue raspberry Lacked a little flavor
Clear is cool, burn well my only issue is they don't fit in a normal roller they are to long and need to be cut to size. :/
Have not been able to adjust to my wrist yet. I like how it looks. Look forward to wearing it.
Covers bad odors well, but does not have a nice fragrance to go with it.
I liked the smell, but I am allergic to the product
Definitely scent proof, however, quality is not very great
It definitely has no flavor or taste as described, which is good. However, I read tons of reviews stating it mixes well in hot coffee and it DOES NOT. The powder becomes very gritty and clumpy. A bit disappointing as I was hoping to use this in place of my collagen protein to boost my protein count. I will give it 3 out of 5 stars for the protein content and the fact that it was accurate regarding the flavor and taste.
Works decent..... my hair doesn't last straight if I only use this product. I would need to use an actual flat iron to really get my hair straight especially my ends.
Gives me mental clarity, only use before work out. If you don't you will feel itchy and get nauseated. A little nausea after as well. I'm 250 pounds so I used 2 scoops of powder with one I didn't get longevity for my work out
I'm highly upset.....I've been ordering these for a while now...a yr+....and everytime I order there's a few rolls that are very weak (barely sticky).... It's frustrating. When they're good they're pretty great but when I use like 4 rolls in less than 5 days due to lack of stickiness it makes me want to shop around for a better quality.
Works great for nails- not so much for hair.
Fun little guy, but already i can tell the weight is becoming loose and it's getting louder and louder.
Is really nice except the straps don't hold very well.
Did the product work for my girlfriend?, no. Did it taste well? ehh, not really. She suggests that if you want a tea similar to the taste, find a herbal and mint tea.
Very potent as said on the reviews. Price was great. However, would not use eye dropper again as the open bottle got knocked over when my son was trying to use it and our entire house smelled like a home essential oils party gone horribly wrong for a week. Would instead use the oils that shake out a drop at a time when turned upside down.
Very low profile, expected a little higher arch support.
Good adhesive. Stays in the sandal. However, my feet slide out of the shoe every now & again which never happened before. I don't really feel any difference in comfort/cushion.
Thought these would be small, but they are for HUGE hands. They're so big that I can't actually wash dishes with them.
My legs were not as tired after walking on pavement all day.
Doesn't melt easily.After washing machine finished its job, there are some unmelted powders on the clothing
This lighter was great at first however after about about a week of using it regularly, it suddenly stopped working. The gas still comes out when the button is pushed, but the lighter will not ignite.
very thin, not bad for cat poop
Like it so far. Thought it would be a little less like just cream and more like a "base" feel. A little greasy. Won't buy again.
Only easy to fold in half. If you want to fold up to smaller profile you have to remove several hand screws and there is really no place to store them unless you fold in the wheels and then rescrew them into the frame. Also does not lock together easily.
Buy extra. Half popped while I was inflating with the pump. They really do get huge though. They stay balloon shaped though, not the perfectly round ball like ones.
This tastes good and it doesn't have me running to the bathroom every day. I'm on day 8, no weight loss but it can help with a detox after a vacay. I was hoping for it to be more effective than a grocery store green tea but it's not. Still a nice change from coffee.
Didn't really solve my husband's problem.
Not for people who sweat a lot on their feet. Just reduces sweat around 40% maybe on me, but still recommend.
The case was top notch. I still heard noise so not sure I am using correctly as others are having more luck. But the case it comes in is outstanding and can have many uses.
Love the product - HATE the new packaging! The old glass bottle with dropper was way better. With the plastic dropper there's always one drop that dribbles down as I put the lid on, which oozes down the side, leaving the bottle oily and one drop wasted every day! And at 2000 IU/drop - that's irritating. I'll still order the product, but I'm pouring it into a glass dropper bottle!
Have not lost any weight. And I have been watching what I eat
didnot like because the pills are too large
Great for your eyes but the smell is just so hard to get over.
NOT ALL PILLS WORK THE SAME ON ALL PEOPLE. I HAVE JOINT PAIN IN MOST PARTS OF MY BODY. FOR TWO YEARS HAVE USED ADVIL WITH ABOUT A 50 % PAIN RELIEF .HAVE SEEN THE AD'S FOR ALIVE THOUGHT I WOULD TRY IT.. SO I DID FOR A DAY AND FOR ME I FELT NO RELIEF. I'LL STAY WITH THE OTHER ONE.
If you are looking for one of those masks that peel your feet, THIS IS NOT IT. I made that mistake. That being said, it IS very hydrating, and keeps your feel supple and soft, but if you were trying to peel off those callouses and such, you will likely need more than one treatment. :(
Great flavor...however some times I had to stop my workouts because my body was so itchy and tingly.
Have used it for six months. Energizes me.
I have not felt any difference in taking this product. I have actually doubled to see if this would change anything. I will use to finish the product but may elect to change to another brand
The tabs do not stick, that's a very bad feature. Pad doesn't stay in place.
not really using it.
It seems to keep the "plumbing in good working condition...
Straws seem okay but, my package was OPEN upon arrival. Almost looked like a store return or something.
I really liked the thickness. The covers were soft with heavy padding . They need to be a little wider with wider Velcro. The ends of the walker handles stick out and the Velcro is narrow, so it is difficult to get the handles really tight on the walker
Worked well and felt good to start with but then I seemed to jest be ok then I went soft seems like the product is well made
I was disappointed because I received the fragrance free product instead of the aloe scent I thought I ordered. I'm going to try and order it again.
I didn't notice any effects. Had to go to the doctor for some real stuff.
I've been taking these pills for about 4 months now and I don't see any difference yet. I will try for another couple of months,. If I don't see any results I will discontinue this product.
Wipe is Too small. Only 20 wipes to a pack. Not a very good deal. But they sre cotton and good for the environment. So there's that.
A little unsteady when trying to use it in a tub. I have to hold it on the back to keep it from going backwards when my wife is trying to sit on it
The socks are too large to wear in my walking shoes (I take a size 7 women's shoe and the material bunches in the shoe); however, the non-skid sole works well in my exercise classes.
Good shears, but only one set in a package labeled as two shears.
It was a little difficult for everyone to understand so playing the game and getting trashed did not work out so well
This is the second attempt to get what I paid for. As you can see the box says Bluetooth Blood Pressure Monitor, however, what's inside is a standard BP monitor. Not the same pictures item. I will be returning this for a second time. If you could first verify the contents before shipping, we may still conduct business.
These hold poo in pretty well but my baby, who is not a heavy wetter woke up in a pool of pee multiple times in these and not once since switching to Seventh Generation.
1. Needs a stickier adhesive like duct tape. Peels off too easily. 2. Cellophane needs to be thicker and more durable. Nexcare, make a better bandage and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !!!
They stretch and have to be adjusted to fit right leaving material to gather and roll. But are easy to put on and do help my legs.
Item received a substitution and does not work as well as the pictured product.
Still waiting for that joint improvement, but my hair seems much improved.
I gave this product three starts as I ended up sending these back, I just could not get them on. It was very frustrating and it was easer to just put mascara one. I hope they improve how to put them on as I love the idea. The product was as described I guess I am just not coordinated enough to use it.
Used less than 10 times. Worked fine at first. The hose that connects the cuff to the machine broke. Cheap plastic where it connects. Disappointed.
While the construction is sturdy, its quite small for kitchen sinks and too large for most bathroom wash basins. My son outgrew it in 3 months.
Tough on ears and falls apart but does what it should
I preferred the old Sciatic rescue in the pump bottle. Your new stuff does not really do the job as well as the older item. Why don't you stick with a reliable remedy that works well?
I like the scent alot...but
Been using Refresh products for a long time. Can't really tell that the Advanced is any better than the regular Refresh Tears. Results seem the same.
Not sure if it works or not. Haven't been able to take it because of the taste. I never really complain about the taste of anything. This stuff has a really really bad taste.
A lot of the pills are broken
A lot of these are too large and cig falls out.
I like it, but probably won't be buying it from amazon anymore. Found it from a local consultant and only pay the price of the item not tax or shipping on top of price.
Takes way too much just to get a decent amount of bubbles!
Have not been using long enough for a pain review. However taste is ok.
Product is great, but i cannot pour it out of the bottle without it leaking everywhere!
3 stars not sure it works for right loss as it claim s
After wearing for 3 months, I started getting a very severe pain in that wrist. It ached and hurt all the time. We had a weekend where we were painting so i took it off and it got lost for 4 days. The pain gradually improved over each day. The product worked well but my body did not respond well to it.
This is for children. I was not aware of the tiny size of the toothbrush.
Tastes great, dissolves well in a shaker bottle but it's causing me gastro issues. Will be returning.
Looks good, but the metal is a little rough in places.
Pinched bad right under eyebrow and left a red mark. However you need to pull skin tight I learned. I'm still using it. It''s alright. Not sure I would recommend to others.
I have to admit that taken at night, GABA works for insomnia. I was able to fall asleep quickly, so quickly that I would NOT take this product during the day or if you are going to be driving a vehicle. It also seemed to lessen my anxiety during the day to the point I didn't feel the need to take my anti-anxiety medication which is a good thing. Now for the reason, I am only giving it a 3 star: BEWARE - if you are taking medication to lower your blood pressure, this product also lowers blood pressure. My blood pressure dramatically dropped after taking this for 2 weeks to the point I fainted at work and had 911 medics called. It also started giving me diarrhea in the mornings. I am now working with my doctor to restore my blood pressure to normal and have completely stopped GABA. I have returned to Melatonin for insomnia.
It's okay does it's job.
I like it and it does tint my lip , it's a little more of an oily different consistency then I expected but I mix it with a nude liner and it just a very nice tint
Why is it not set up as Sunday through Saturday?
If you can get through the tast it might work. I couldn't get past the tast. I gave it away.
the cross bar at the top would work better for us if it was higher
Nice, good lube, but not really a "gel" as lube users understand the term. Thicker than a typical lube, but not by much. I was surprised. Hope we got the real Sliquid stuff and not some counterfeit.
I don't know if this works....Even after several month of using same product. I still have small roaches.
Can't review because they were "handed to resident" however the address was not correct but I hope they enjoy them
Great towel, and nearly lint-free, but too big for my hands (I have small hands); quite ungainly for dish washing. I used these towels for a few weeks, but not satisfied with the size. I finally put them aside and ordered the smaller 12 X 12 size and now I am much happier.
hard to dispense. Product works well.
This is too high in sugar to be healthy!
Disappointed! I have a Cat and on the test strips, the code I can only see is for a dog. the cat code is wiped off!! i have to buy more strips
Flavor is super strong and didn't notice a huge difference when it comes to pain relief
This product is okay but I prefer CBD oil.
This item was well packaged. It is noise overbearingly greasy so that it messes up everything that you wear or it comes across. All the ingredients are beneficial. The only problem that I had with this product is that it didn't have enough Tea Tree Oil in it, but I can understand, seeing that not everyone's skin can't handle too much tea tree oil back to back.
Cant wear them, they give me blisters after a half hour.
The taste is great but I didn't feel that it caused any sleepiness or deeper sleep. I don't want to increase the dosage due to the sweet content.
These balls are very nice, easy to clean and insert.
Doesn't absorb dirt well into the pad. Ends up pushing it around on the floor so you get little lines of dirt that you need to go back with a papertowel or something to wipe up. Convenient for quick cleanup jobs in small areas.
This was very easy to use and the pills had no bad flavor. Directions say to drink tons of water and that is not an understatement. Drink drink drink!! Unfortunately, I had to stop after the 2nd day because I was getting migraines (I am prone to them already).
I love this product...HOWEVER...it says 6 count....i only received 1 bottle. I would NOT spend $8 on one bottle.
Getting them tomorrow so will update review as I go. We heard that D-AA can help boost fertility in men so really hoping this works as we've been trying for over a year now and were unsuccessful at conceiving
No bad taste or odor. But it didn't really help my back pain.
Wish it was a little more powerful and quieter. For the money it was a good buy
Not as good as others on performance.
These are nice and thick, but not very wet. I've been using much more expensive water wipes and I hoped these would be equivalent. Unfortunately they are not. I guess I'll just keep paying for the other ones.
This doesn't work very well on pill bottles which was one of the main reasons I bought it.
Skin gets white with application. Eventually fades or rubs in, but then does leave skin looking shiny/greasy. My son will not wear it because he says it stinks. Easy to apply, does seem to work.
These aren't bad, and the peanut butter is really good. But the fancier flavors aren't nearly as good. They are also much smaller than regular Cliff bars, probably because the nut butter has a lot of calories.
I still have to use several drops of these in my diffuser. Can't hardly smell them.But when you can smell them they are nice senses.
Not as good as I wanted.
It taste weird but it does make me feel better
We have used Uncle Harry's Remineralization Liquid for Tooth Enamel for a couple of years and really like the product from Uncle Harry. We do notice improvement with usage. The only problem with our delivery was the cap was not secured. Not just slightly, however, but fully half way unscrewed. That is a waste of money.
It would be a lot better if that handle was square. The rubber rings at the base help control but they don't extend far enough up the handle. Do away with the rubber rings and make the handle square.
Too expensive cheaper at costco
I take magnesium for leg cramps and muscle recovery and these didn't help, only pure citrate helps.
It almost worked but then didn't.
Shipper did not send me the roll on, which I ordered for a reason.
It works but seems like a temporary fix.
Only one inside and my son wouldn't wear it on him so it was a waste of money.
I have curly, frizzy hair and live in the south with humid conditions. This was recommended by my stylist so I thought I'd give it a try. I didn't find that it stopped or reduced my frizz. The fragrance is pleasant, but since I was buying this to help with my frizzy, flyaway hair I won't be buying this again. BTW, I also bought the Frizz Dismiss Rebel Tame cream that you use on dry hair. That does help with the frizz, but not because of the shampoo or conditioner.
Not that great. I got this and one another razor and the other one is much better.
Was not impressed with this at all. Left stains and just not the quality i expected.
seems to be a good product
The box came smashed and all the needles were spilled in the bag. These should be delivered in a box to avoid being destroyed.
The mask were fine until the inside separated from the rest of the mask.
Brushes don't work real well. They stop vibrating while being used!!! I have had a Sonicare toothbrush for about as long as they have been around and nothing works well except for the expensive replacements.
I found this in Wal-Mart and gave it a try. The smell is pleasant but only when you can get a chance to smell it. Perhaps it's best for a very small room not in the living room where I have it. I have vaulted ceilings and maybe the scent just gets lost in the space.
I read that it would help with eyelash and eyebrow growth but it didn't do much for me. Doesn't have a smell of anything which was nice.
These work great!! However the felt came off and now are useless. Bummed.
I use it for waist measurement and it's accurate. It measures in inches and centimeters. The only thing I don't like is the quality. Mine is about to torn. I hope they make a durable product since I can use and keep it longer.
Definitely not the magical solution. They are nice because they do not move around much in your shoe and do provide some support and stimulation to the foot. I did think they would be a little more firm so that was disappointing. Overall not bad but I prefer some of longer (3/4 length of your foot) and more stable inserts out there. If the only problem you have is pain in the heel, rather than elsewhere in the foot, these are worth a try and are not overly expensive.
Didn't like the smell. Not really that helpful, a little cooling
I bought these to have as an additional, nutritional snack but they are not good. I was hopeful of the flavor since the combination seems great but I couldn't bring myself to eat more than one bite. My kids do like them though so I'm keeping them only for that reason, otherwise they'd be returned. They are very flat as well. I didn't expect them to be fluffy but they seem like they've been flattened but something. Not sure if that's how they are supposed to be or if they were stored in the warehouse poorly.
At $5 or even $10 dollars this would be a fine product the design is good. Cons: -it's really expensive and over priced for what is does long term. -seems this is designed to wear out -no opposing Velcro strip on the brace so the cloth wears out after a few weeks of use and Velcro strap stops holding Pros: -great design, soft and comfortable -pulls at the ball of foot not the toes -small and easy to store
I was expecting a tube of clear soothing gel as in the description although I did receive the item pictured which apparently is 6 one time use syringes of a brown gel you insert. Jury is still out as to if this works. Wondering where the clear gel is??
I have ordered these bags before and really liked them. As far as consistency in size and quality they were great. This time around, they stank so bad! Like a deep, dank, musty, moldy cellar AND there were only 95 bags in one package and 94 bags in another. I had ordered these for wedding favors and there was NO WAY I'd put food in them, but since I was using for soap, I aired them out and they sort of refreshed themselves. I'm hoping the seller will send me the bags that were missing, but I kind of doubt that will happen. EDIT: I contacted the company and they sent me the 11 bags I was missing.
My niece loves the honest brand. Personally I don't see a big difference between these and other brands
We gave 3 stars because it was a prime product that took over 7 days to arrive
Did not realize that you can't return this item if it doesn't fit. I bought a size up based on previous reviews, but unfortunately this did not work for me. It's not tight enough, therefore it offers no support. Very disappointing that you can't exchange for a different size. If I would have known, I would have purchased at CVS instead.
These leak all the time. I know I better not lay one flat or I will have a puddle mess. I would not purchase again.
Was disappointed in the size of the wrap.
The scent is too strong.
They do not have much scent at all.
doesn"t work as well as my prevous product.
My son loves it, but cant use it because it didnt come with the plug to keep money in it
Didn't really work for the rough days, but it is okay for light daily use.
The product did not meet my expectations as described by the seller & product reviews. The sock was loose and not fitted to my door which caused the sock to not fit into shoes. Also, it's not able to meet the full requirements to decrease pain & swelling due to plantar fasciitis. I am really disappointed as I'm still searching to find the right product.
Perhaps I am just too high strung for any of the all natural stuff?
I chew 1 of these twice a day. I really don't know if I can see the difference, but the doctor did recommend it for stress.
I would choose something else. They are too big for the thickness they are.... in other words they aren't thick enough and there is nothing special about these except for the cheap price. Not up to Amazon prime expectations.
Very low profile scale that more or less keeps track of your weight. As with most of these digital scales the registered weight changes without warning as much as 4 tenths of a pound.
other brands are more absorbent and therefore reliable at night
LIKE that it fits over walker handles very easily. If you have any handicaps, it is awkward to remove because of its bulky size. DON'T LIKE that it is very difficult to keep it a level surface. If you put it on walker and then move the walker, it tilts to one side or the other.
Seems like these would be comfortable but they are too thick to be used in any of the shoes I was hoping to use them in :(
Nice orange smell doesn't last to long.
I received it and the seal was broken , I threw it away looks like it was tampered with
The price is to high for the results that you get.
Work great but price is unbelievable.
Bristles are very tough, price was right but would not purchase them again.
I have used it a couple of times. Not sure if is really any benifit to me yet. Tastes and smells nice.
Caution: Louder than expected! Either have no shame in your business or make sure no one is home. I don't quite notice a difference in all the settings. Not the easiest to clean. The squishy external cover doesn't look well made either. It definitely gets the job done though. Was skeptical but ultimately satisfied in the end. However, I would spend a few extra dollars for a better designed device.
It may work but you will also have to... Whoever designed the pill pop bubble may have forgotten that people who are anemic tend to feel weak and tire easily. Even my very strong muscle laden non-anemic hubby had to work to pop one these pills out for me. I always had to resort to resort to piercing the pill cell with the point of a scissor. Next, if you have a sensitive sluggish gut like I do, this thing will leave you bound up with a rock, straining and praying for mercy in the restroom. Enough said. As for the effectiveness of the product, I actually think that it does help because I did feel a bit more energy when I used the pills it's just that I don't wanna have to work so hard everyday. So sure, yes, try it but drink loads of water and be prepared to work.
Not strong enough to cut the orange. I switched to another brand.
Just received, do not know the effect yet.
I like the old formula. For those who say everything is great except the taste, you don't seem to understand or appreciate the fiber content. I've been taking protein supplements for a very long time. Very long time. These don't taste like candy bars like many of those so called protein bars. They may have a gritty like texture, but this is the only protein bar with a good amount of fiber. The old bar has 2.5g of fat, 21g protein and 20g fiber. When you don't get enough fiber you get constipation which leads to other issues. Increasing the fat to 5g and removing fiber will motivate me to look for alternatives. I love competition! I choose health over yumminess. I normally order 4-6 cases but since the formula has changed I got 2 so I have something while I figure out an alternative. I don't want to be eating 200 calories just for more fat and texture. :(
Love the product. Only reason for the 3 stars is for the quantity
Did very little as expected
I grew up eating a spoonful of bee pollen each day and I love it still. This particular brand tastes different than any other bee pollen I've ever tried. It's a bit of a chemical-ish flavor. After trying to use this for a few days, I opted to order a different brand, and when it arrived, the new brand tastes as bee pollen should. Not sure what is different in this brand, but it just doesn't taste like bee pollen normally does.
this does not stick to the floor it move when you are using it. other that that it works well
I just received these diapers and they are made different than other baby dry diapers. Just a warning.
I didn't like they were to big for my shoes. I put the size down and they were to long.
Not really sure if I felt a significant difference health wise. Will continue to take until gone then make my final decision about purchasing this product again.
I expected the cotton pads to be softer but it's rather firm. When I apply toner and other necessary facial products on, it feels like my skin is being pulled on a bit too harshly. I'll go back to using the small round cotton pads from Costco.
It's nice to travel with- to throw in a purse and go. The only thing I DON'T like is that a thin stretchy band is the only thing holding the pill case in. When opening the plastic pill container it easily snaps out of place and the cartridge falls out. Poor design in my opinion, but it is still an overall cute and compact case. Would have preferred a sturdier means of holding the case in.
Tasted a little sour from them ones I bought in the store.
Didn't really do what it says it will do. I used it twice a day & got tummy cramps. It suggests up to 3 times a day & that may have made a difference.
The 3rd pair I waited too long and can't return. Too tight at the top causing pain and bruising.
Work for awhile then start slipping, then the adhesive stops working and you've got a sticky mess on your glasses.
Although the flavor was good, the tea bags kept breaking causing me to dump out my tea.
As advertised but should be just a little larger. Tried it on two different popular brands of walkers and it's too small to stay on probably
not very comfortable, hoping for the product to work.
I read this completely. Sure sounded good or I would not have ordered 3. BUT it is not superior product I would buy again.
Only worked for me sometimes
Came apart and cup fell to ground and broke. Did this a couple months after purchasing so can't return. Screw pulled through plastic, going to try and fix with washer.
I hesitate to use these as they are bright red in color which means, to me, that they very likely contain red or yellow dye. Disappointed in this purchase but a lesson in using local resources so I know exactly what I'm getting - including packaging.
This is handy for working small knots in small areas, but for the really big knots or really tight muscles, it just doesn't have enough power.
I bought this for some new wrist/arm pain likely carpal tunnel related from my office job (undiagnosed but it runs in my family). The compression offers a bit of relief which is great while I'm working because the band itself allows me to move similarly to how I do when I'm not in any pain. The hand, however is so loose it doesn't help much and my thumb is the same as before. Also, I highly recommend AGAINST sleeping with this sleeve on. I fell asleep around 11 and woke up miserable by 3 because it had rolled down my arm and cut of most of the circulation to my hand. My fingers couldn't bend and were swollen to twice their usual size. If you need a sleeve/wrist band for pain relief at night, use one with a splint.
I had a product that did the same thing that I had purchased from bed Bath and beyond a few years ago. That product worked much better. This product will do the job but it does not hold very well and will unravel pretty easily.
Smells great and moisturizes. Someone said it helped with cramping and pain. Did not provide me with any pain relief.
I bought these because I wanted to naturally cure my cystic acne. I used these for about two days until I got severe cramping and it started my period about 2 weeks earlier than it should have. My cycle was then irregular for about 3 months before it started to regulate itself again. I unfortunately don't know if these help cystic acne because I stopped taking them, however I do know that they greatly impact hormones. I wasn't too thrilled that it messed with my period, but at least it's back to normal now.
It is what I ordered, but I find the calipers do NOT "click" into place for a solid reading like it says it will. I have to try three or four times before I get a believable reading.
When opening the correct individual lid to dispense the morning or evening medication frequently another lid or two will pop up and medication is spilled all over the counter. Very frustrating.
These are advertised as 120 count, I received 60 count! How do I get customer service to help me? The vitamins are great but I am very short of what I should have gotten.
I have ordered these before and these have always been the same up until a week ago I ordered them and they sent me a herbal one the stuff smells nasty and is disgusting looking. You literally have to take a shower after taking the wrap off. Its not like the normal ones you get form it works with the clear gel on them.
Needs to be a 750 mg tab! I have to take to many of them.
Did not appear to effect my camps.
These are ok.. They do give a good practice surface but they get really dirty really fast. Be sure to use sobering underneath like a piece of cardboard, otherwise it's to thin and you'll hit you table.
Don't know how to post as ruining them was my fault. I wouldn't have if you had sent them in a smaller size. I wear a 7W. You sent a men's 12 to cut down. I kept trimming as they wouldn't go into my shoe. I wasn't thinking about the gel. It ran out all over me. Folks you have to be sure to not trim too much.
Still waiting for 2nd bottle. Thanks for the reminder.
They do supress the appetite but they made me feel weird and gave me a stomach ache.
Nothing major as far as effect or results
These are really great! They really do block the blue light from the screen. After 6 months of light use, I put them on and heard a ‘pop' noise. I took them off to find they had snapped.
The only complaint I have is that the sponges wear out too easily. I have to change them every 2 weeks.
Kinda small for the price!
Refrigeration is a must. It taste good when cold. Taste bad when warm. The powered slim fast shakes taste better.
Great product... But used for my business and the chapsticks dont even work! Ill buy tubes somewhere else.
it worked okay I thought it would be a stronger product
These don't fit the wand I have. Super bummed. I'm literally just noticing this is not made for the Clorox wand so my fault lol. I didn't realize there were multiple wands so make sure you have the scrubbing bubbles wand not Clorox.
used for home made bubbles with Dawn soap
It works. Seems a bit flimsy. The button sticks.
This 3 pack was made for their convenience. They are glued together to make them look pretty with a sticky substance you have to deal with until you throw the bottle away. The ADULT PROOF lid on the first bottle (so far) stuck so tight I was minutes from cutting the container in half to get them out. I have had other lids from this same brand hard to get off but this one was way too difficult.
Appears to aid in sleep.
I like the price and the the serving size. I'm not quite sure if it's working or not because I also use other products.
Over all it works pretty well...do have some dislikes. The filters are cheap and broke apart. And its kind of loud. The comb to clean does absolutely nothing for the comb itself and the suction isnt very strong. Likes that it got eggs and lice. It came with five filters.( 2 broken). It doesnt pull the hair. Very tender headed.
I ordered this as an alternative to ON Gold Standard Whey. I tried both he vanilla and chocolate tubs of ISO 100 before writing a review. Overall these powders taste a little artificial to me even though they have no artificial ingredients and they both use stevia. The fact these ISO 100 whey powders use stevia was what original made me buy them. My two biggest complains are the taste and the fact the two scoops on an empty stomach made me a little nauseous sometimes. Otherwise, they mix well and taste ok. Not for me but maybe worth a try if you are looking for a stevia based protein powder.
Good price. It works but handle is a little small. Not the best quality.
I don't know how so many people rave about this product. It does help clean but not any better than anything else you can get out there. I got it to clean my oven I still spent over an hour scrubbing-l - still not done!! I also used it in my sink and it left a white powdery residue after I thought I rinsed the cleaner away.
Getting use to the weight
The comb itself is really nice but the packaging was beyond disappointing, do not order as a gift unless you plan to completely open and re-package. The “box” was made out of computer printed note card stock that had been folded into a cheap box, the grass packing material didn't even cover the bottom of the “box”, instead of looking like a nice gift box with cute, rustic packaging it looked like a small child's contrived attempt at a tacky Father's Day gift. Really unprofessional. I was also surprised that there was no explanation for the eyeliner pencils that came with the comb. While it's clear to me, a woman that they are for drawing a guideline for trimming, my husband( the receiver of the beard comb) had no clue why they were there and awkwardly buried in straw
Works well, but louder than expected and cheaply made. It sounds like something is going to rattle loose on the inside.
Very good for something quick, but be prepared to add meat. A few soy meatballs is not an entree.
It was sweet and a bit tart but it didn't taste like watermelon at all. I was expecting Jolly Rancher watermelon-like flavor. Nope. It's not bad.
I wish the price is cheaper.
These ear plugs are not very comfortable and will not stop much traffic noise even when it is only one car passing.
Good unscented lotion but one pump doesn't work. Ordered a replacement and one pump was broken upon arrival. Should be shipped in a box instead of a bubble bag.
I had high hopes for these after reading the reviews, but they ended up falling short. The fit seems to be good, by my son keeps having blowouts. The other thing I don't care for is how fuzzy the outside of the diaper is when he wakes up in the morning. I'm going back to Huggies Little Snugglers.
This set is okay. After receiving it I realized that not all of the oils are all that versatile. Plus, the jasmine is synthetic and smells too strong in my opinion. The clove is also way too strong and I don't believe it is pure. I did the paper test (put a drop on a piece of paper and let it dry- if it dries with no spot it is 100% pure essential oil- if there is a spot there is something else in there). 6/10 passed the test, so there are some good oils in here.
Works okay, but bunches up.
Yes...it was delivered as expected...but..I have severe shoulder pain and researched this product carefully and thought it would be very helpful...It is very well constructed, although a bit confusing at first, but I did have my daughter help me with getting it fitted as best we could, Unfortunately, the brace is too big for my frame, even with adjusting it as best as we could do. Thus, it is very uncomfortable and extremely heavy for me. I packaged it all up as new and went to get the paperwork to send it back and find something smaller, but found out it was going to cost me over $8.00 to send it back...If I do this, then it will make it too expensive to buy another one that will work..I had no idea it would cost a Prime Member to send it back...I will have to watch the info much more carefully before I order the next time...My husband's brace was, however, just fine for him...Sorry, but I just can't spend that kind of $$ when it isn't returnable....
This seat is pretty hard to sit on and can be painful at times.
I will not purchase this again because I can't see anything different with this cream.
It's a good piece of hair kit, and it does what it says. For the price its cool but I just didn't expect the wear down so quickly. The holes may be too small for larger sections of your fair. If you hair is lower all around this will be great for you. If you hair is longer on top you'll need to do a bit more work to get the texture this sponge can provide. It will leave small pieces of the sponge the size of hairs falling off. You may only notice this in your sink or around your shoulders. You will not see these in your hair if it's black. Definitely recommend getting at least two of them if you plan on making this a daily part of your hair regiment. Also for longer hair , 1 inch plus you may want to go with larger holes.
Overall, after a week, it seems like this product is working. I am supplementing this with boron as well as a few other vitamins and definitely have a boost in energy. The problem I have with this product is that each capsule contains varying amounts of dhea. Most vary from about 3/4 to full and I even found one completely empty. At this price point the value is debatable as quality control comes into play. I may simply have received a bad batch, but buyer beware. I'll more than likely use a different brand when purchasing next time.
I like the product but was disappointed that the bottle was smaller than I could've purchased at Costco.
Material is too hard
Feel gentle and get the job done...but my package came opened. Lame. The packets are individually wrapped, so not a huge deal, just sketchy.
Helped give me a bit of pump but didn't feel much
Cleans well, but one of the cans busted open and spilled everywhere in the bag
I definitely notice that it helps me sit up right, but I still find myself slouching even with it on at times. If you tighten the straps too much, it can be pretty uncomfortable especially on bare skin.
Too small for nursing bag
They work for what they are designed, just not versatile enough. You cannot use your own music which is the pretty disappointing. After using for 35 days I wanted to return them, but was 5 days too late.
I like these but they do not last very long.
It's ok, but a bit grainy.
I really like his tracker, however just like other Fitbits I have owned in the past, after a few months it won't hold a charge. Luckily, they have a one year warranty!
Give you energy but makes you feel weird and anxious.
NOT AS SHARP AS ADVERTISED
If they are bit put in tight they spin around your foot plus they keep that covered area of your foot a bit too warm.
Awkward to hold. Would be much better with grip and trigger.
Adhesive balls up but it works
Product was decent. Did not care for the scent.
Just got these on Friday and it is Sunday night. They are already torn on the seams.
Not very comfortable
I bought this and it is pretty good for getting oily stains out of linens and clothing. But I was frustrated to see it at the Dollar store for 1.99 a bottle recently.
Horrible packaging. Box arrives completely crushed.
Cute ... but, do leak. Also sides rip easily if you pull them up to hard or at wrong angle.
Doesn't seem to be good quality. Not a lot of water vapor coming out.
When folks relaxed slightly, their curved back pushed off the "cover panel'. I fixed this by drilling two small holes, one on either side of each "plastic snap-on" . Then I passed a Ty-Wrap through each hole. The Ty-Wrap slides smoothly around the round bar.
Ordered these in size large -they are too loose! We will not be able to use them. Also ordered a different pair from another co and they were too tight - go figure !
Tastes delicious and mixes with almond milk well using a mixer ball. The bad part is the chai flavor meal replacement shake did not take away my appetite and I'm starving an hour later and if I eat this shake for both breakfast and lunch by dinner time I'm soo hungry. The other types of shakes by this brand did a much better job at keeping me full all day without being hungry.
I ordered chocolate and the chocolate shake is very good. The vanilla is just ok and that is what they sent me so that is what I am reviewing here. Hopefully, they'll fix that for other people.
This smells really good for about 30s. The smell does not linger and I dont think it helps with my sleeping. You might be better off with a diffuser that dispenses product every few minutes.
The smell is too strong! Great for big rooms, but my little room was too much
I tried this for a couple of months and didn't notice any difference.
I liked this because of what I read on the label. The concentration of ingredients was higher than purell and other comparable brands for much less price wise. I bought for my children's classes not sure how the product feels when being used.
Worked good but came up in a vegan search and isn't vegan
It is too short to let your head hang off the back. I have to put it on the side of the bed, but it feels good on my neck when I do that.
I really enjoy this product. I was considering buying a second one. Today I noticed the seam below one of the thumb holes unraveling. Ive only had the brace for 17 days. I have not worn it every day, only a few nights. It's an easy enough fix. But still annoying.
Great concept and good adhesive, unfortunately mine did die after a week.
Very hard to drink anything through these without it tasting like grass. Even lemon water was unbearable to drink with the straw.
It works, but it covers more area than I need. I used it to cover my wrist tattoos and it cut off at my elbows.
Doesn't have as long lasting effects as previous pre workouts I've used. Flavor is good. Might be better for someone just trying pre-workout, since I've kind of been desensitized to it using pre-workout for so many years.
Very disappointed because my light does not work on my glasses
Was excited to try these until I read that there's corn syrup included in the ingredients. Bummer. I still finished them because I didn't want them to go to waste. My 2 year old loves them and want to take one everyday, but that's what you get when you add corn syrup to something. I'm now searching for a healthier option.
the seal was not tight on and feel like it's half empty. disappointed.
fitted sheet very hard to put on regular size twin mattress
I do not like the two capsules size or taste but I hope that they will show results within 30 days.
The product, itself, is excellent. My only complaint is that there is nothing in the center of the roll that enables it to roll smoothly once you put it on your handle. I end of tearing off the sheets and using them that way.
Toy is awesome BUT should always consider a purchase of the Flesh-Like (real-feel) material. This one is a little hard and not as comfortable as the slightly softer toy available.
Sigh; didn't work as anticipated.
Hard to open, spills contents all over. Not much room for full dentures to be submersed
Purchased this to try after using all of my previously purchased protein powder. I have a protein shake for breakfast in the morning to get by until lunch time. It is typically a mix of milk and chai tea concentrate with a scoop of protein powder. This powder has a very subtle taste and I have noticed that it does not dissolve as well as my previous brand. I mix everything in the blender bottle and do my best to shake it as vigorously as possible, even between drinks but nothing seems to work. The powder will clump and as you are drinking it, you get lumps of powder to chew on (which is not desired). Needless to stay I will be switching back to my previous brand once this is used up or I can find someone to take it off my hands.
I bought this for my disabled sister to use when it's icy. It screws onto the cane tightly, but even so the pointed end isn't all that secure - the screws attach it about 3" above the tip of the cane so the points move around a bit. I didn't feel good about that - she fell last January and shattered her ankle and I don't want another accident. So I had to tape the attachment tightly to the cane so the tip doesn't move around. It really needs to be attached lower as well as where it does currently.
Couldn't really tell a difference
Cheap plastic clip broke cheap webbing came unstitched
I actually liked it until a pet urinated on it. Then I found out that the zipper was sewn in backwards. I couldn't open it so I had to destroy the zipper in order to remove foam. The poor construction made it impossible to clean without damaging it.
At the time of the review, had just used the product for about 2 weeks. Too early to tell if it is effective.
Would have liked the wrap to use the great toe and the second toe together.
I used it for 2 days, then my high blood pressure medicine was deliver to me by the pharmacy. I send SEVERAL emails to the seller asking if it was okay to continue with their product while on my new meds. I NEVER GOT A RESPONSE. So, for now I cannot take these to see if they do me any good. If the Seller ever responds to my email, maybe I can. Until then will have to give it ONLY 3 stars.
Mild GI upset at first and noticed some mild constipation.
The scale is nice and well built but the app is complete garbage. If you want accurate weight tracking along with other stats, find a scale that actually has an app that wasn't made by a 5 year old.
They did exactly what they were supposed to, fit well, and were comfortable to wear all night without the gel padding. The only trouble was that after removing them in the morning, my trigger finger lasted longer and it was harder to straighten my knuckles than when I didn't use them at all. For me, this is not the answer to fixing my trigger finger.
I have not opened the product packaging yet but the shipping envelope had a salt like substance that got into the product package. I am not sure if this affects the product itself. I have used this for a couple years with no problem but puzzled as to what to do now.
Mehh, these rank just okay with me. I don't know that they smell as good as other essential oils.
I got it for m friend. he likes it.
The swimmers are awesome, for holding poop. They definitely don't hold in urine. And the free gift that was sent was pack of wet wipes, already open and dried out 🤮
This actually made my constipation worse unfortunately. So I had to stop using it.
Can't tell, still eat same amount, no weight loss
Arrived at 9pm a day after it was supposed to get here and sealed like this...yeah, not sketchy at all..giving it 3 stars because we like the product. - 2 for crap service.
Can't say much just ok
Worked great for my nieces little car.
It fits as expected, however, it doesn't really help my posture very much.
I usually don't have breakfast because I enjoy sleep too much, so I'd take lunch for work, I replaced my lunch with this and still came home from work too hungry and would eat something small knowing dinner would be relatively soon, so maybe I'm just really fat or something and felt like a bottomless pit Idk. However I was losing weight with drinking this and eating something small after work then dinner like normal. I just didn't like feeling so hungry within 2 hours of having a shake... lol
Never received products. Said it was delivered but someone must have snatched because it said it was delivered on only day I wasn't home. Even asked neighbor and said she never seen it. Will try again after holiday when things slow down.
Not sure haven't started taking them yet
Foul smelling. Take like rotten fish. Hope to get used to it somehow.
It's very greasy, even after an hour.
Still trying this out............. will come back in a month and see what I think
Solidly built but doesn't hold the number of cigars that is advertised. I can barely fit 18 Churchill sized cigars in this humidor.
The product seems to work well as far as giving an energy boost pre- workout, but the taste is awfully sweet. There is a lot of sweetener in it. I'm switching to straight beet root extract.
Package arrived damaged. Amazon packaging was fine, product's packaging damaged. Looked as if it had been stepped on or smashed open prior to being put into the delivery packaging. Product Not eligible for returns, so this was disappointing.
I didn't help me at all, but I had been on prescription sleep medication for years. Give it a try because it might help you.
Optically they are good for projects in front of you on a single dedicated work table. I don't recommend these for walking around in the workshop from workstation to workstation...they make me have motion sickness. Also, they look dorky to those who need to look at you due to the adjustable lenses have a thick appearance. They look like a prop from a Jerry Lewis movie!!!
It's great that these are compostable, but I won't buy them again. They have nothing to tie the top or anything together to carry and take out of the receptical and are a pain.
My foot didn't slip, but it dod not give that much cushion comfort.
It is a good design however the brace would be even better if it had a strap going across the chest or abdomen. I get the reason for maybe not having it but in my case it would help it feel more comfortable.
Not a bad bag. Not as sturdy as I would like. Rips to easily.
Don't like the smell of the material.
After reading reviews, I switched to this pill for my terrible night sweats. I've taken it as directed for about 2 weeks and my sweating has increased. I'm going to switch back to my previous product.
They are perfect for the size to give away but they are fragile to carry on purses like I intended to use them. Good purchase
item did not arrived
Two treatments and three long comb outs and we are still seeing new eggs!
Can't get bubbles out without moving the lenses and starting all over. Because when you press down they slide
Received yesterday. I would agree itis noisy. I would not say whisper quiet. So far it seems ok, I am testing it in various places in the house and office. Have not noticed a difference yet.
Honestly would have been happier spending a bit more money on a better one.
Worked really well to clean the cloudiness of my Invisalign trays! They look like day 1 now however, I feel my trays may have loosened..when I put them back on they don't exactly fit as tight as before..not sure if I'll is again or just try it again when it's closer to my change tray date...
I really dont know what the hype was about. Hut didnt work for me on foot. But I actually put it on a zit and it works
Great product when there is a sale on them otherwise I will use arm and hammer that does the same amount of scent to your clothes and bedding for half the price.
Little too much friction not slippery enough it does not get sticky at least I think this would be good for if your lady friend only needs something to get going then once things are going natural body lube takes over.
Ok. I mean they are panty liners
I'd rather take only one pill and not 3.
Has that fabreeze scent but it doesn't last long at all. Almost seemed watered down.
I used it for my baby mostly between 6 and 9 weeks and it helped some days while other days it didnt do much. She swallows a lot of air while feeding so she struggles with gas. Other problem is that its a lot for her to swallow, she spits out most of it so maybe thats why it doesnt work so great, she isnt taking in the full amount.
Couldn't use them because they were sent to me in 2 weeks and not 2days like they said they would be. It said in stock. And they were the wrong size item as well.
Ramp is ok but delivery was not .
The green sponge part likes to come off inside the bottle, you can easily reattach it's just annoying. They do a decent job
I was REALLY excited by these at first!! Was telling my fam to buy some!! Wasn't even willing to share!!!!!!! But, now it's been about 8 months, and I notice I go through them like candy. The scratchy back wears out really quickly. I don't know how they are in comparison to a more expensive one, I can't remember how often I used to change them out... but I do know it wasn't this often. So, the scratchy back isn't great, in my experience. I won't be buying again I don't think... At least not if I find others last longer!
These are thinner than I thought they would be. They did not pick up debris well; I still had to sweep or vacuum!
the size is good and it fits in you pocket
Its extremely tight, can't maneuver it well. I got the right size for him but still really tight
when I got it. it already has broken in waistline
I didn't know that the oil was colored.
rather disappointed at size of bottle very tiny!!!!
Quality build no bueno. It works properly but the seams at one of the fingers already tore.
Doesn't create enough smoke and scent dissipates quickly.
We purchased this scale to take with us on a 7 month trip. The scale occupies minimal space in our luggage. Prior to leaving we used the scale at home. We wanted to ensure the accuracy against our full size scale. We are into our 4 5 month of travel and we can say with all certainty that the accuracy of the scale has diminished At any given time, we can be between 2 to 4 pounds up or down from the first registered weight in the morning. That is to say we step on, then step off 2 to 4 times and the weight is never the same. We have discovered that it is best to step on, balance yourself as best as you can and dont look down to see if the green light indicator is lit. You just have to step back and off. If you are lucky, the green light will be lit. If you look down while in the process of weighing yourself, it will either go blank, or not give you an accurate reading. Its become very frustrating for us, but something is better than nothing. On that note I have done other checks to determine the accuracy of the scale and I have further validated that the scale is not working properly.
I really did not notice a difference after taking the product for over 2 weeks. No change in energy, how I felt or appearance. I would mix the powder and drink first thing each morning.
The pear shape cushions work better
Tastes good but to sweet! Hard to swallow after 3rd bite without water.
The sound would cut in/out. It also couldn't be heard when it was under the pillow.
I am a little afraid to even use these. In a reused package. No Duracell cardboard as shown. There is a piece of paper in the plastic stating expiration date.
Broke three weeks in the inner straw ripped.
I had a pair of vents that I *loved* and I can't find anymore - they were the softer silicone, so they didn't irritate my nose like these sometimes do being harder, and they had a little "clip" like piece up the side that went outside of the nostril, and I don't know if it was more to hold it in place, or to just keep you from inserting too far. But they are by far the most comfortable ones I ever had. And I can't find them anymore, so these seemed the next best thing to try. They work, but as I noted, these are a bit stiffer, and I often find that they actually irritate my nose enough to make it runny, scratching and scraping the interior of the nostril sometimes. Not always though. But when they're not making my nose all wet, they do the trick. The multiple sizes make it almost a guarantee that you'll find one to fit your nose.
Love these. Super convenient. However the ink for the day of the week labels wipe off with the swipe of your finger. They aren't permanently stamped on the plastic. Unfortunate.,
It helps keep my wrist but it leaves an odor since I wear it daily. It's not odorless as it says. Otherwise works great.
I'm just going to buy in the store from now on. The box was smashed when I got it and the sheets were spilling out of it.
Kinda cheap but for the money I guess it was ok
I had carefully read the dimensions and thought I could fit a standard size coffee mug in it nicely. I was wrong. I did it but it doesn't look very nice. The large is too big for small plates of cookies and the small is not workable at all. I couldn't find any mediums.
Not sure it works my vitamin d level was still low even though I take 2 -3 pills every other day.
Three stars for useful and large size, but the material looks cheap and feel a little harsh. Will not buy again.
Loved it... but it's not waterproof... used it in the shower and it stopped working.
3 stars because it comes w 4. I would not say these are a thin fit. Kinda bulky. I had to trim some of the ends because it went so far back it made me gag.
Not sure if I like this product yet... will review again in a week or two.
The hinges and latch were a bit crooked but otherwise works well.
Very nice. Not strong enough for large person
It's not the miracle I was hoping for it helps a little
Likes it comes in a capsule but I haven't noticed any difference in my appetite or energy but my mom is taking it & says it's been giving her energy! Wished it would work for me that way!
Doesn't seem to help any with sleep
I bought this to protect my foot during showering after my bunion surgery. It seems like a very well-made product, but it still leaked water inside the plastic enclosure. I'll keep using it because it let in a lot less water than it would have been if the foot was unprotected, and it's still better than any homemade contraption I've been able to jerry-rig, but it doesn't work perfectly.
The valve works in the opposite direction it says it does, so down actually turns it up and vice versa. At the highest setting (something I normally wouldn't ever do but I thought I was turning it down) it still keeps burning even after you release the switch and had to flip the lid to extinguish it. For a company that markets themselves as all about quality I'm not impressed. I will say that I got it adjusted properly it works just fine. One nice feature is the shape - despite being pretty large and heavy it sits in your pocket almost unnoticed due to being rounded on one side and flat on the other - this is the main reason I'm still using it.
I like them, but they don't work as well as they say. I will buy again though.
I've been teaching high impact fitness classes for forty years, so naturally, I have a lot of foot issues. These pads gave some relief, but only lasted about a week before they fell apart. There are several in the package. so at least they were useful for a while, maybe for someone in less action classes.
It gets stuff clean! The nozzle, however, drips when left with the nozzle facing down. Not ideal if you want to place on a shelf and use without picking up every time.
These fit the pump but seem flimsy.
It costs a lot of money for a small bottle/amount. I found a reputable brand name and a larger bottle for half the cost at Wal-Mart. But it has a nice scent.
These we're really nice to add to my baby shower invitations, and very good quality. I'm not sure if I just got a bad batch but they only came with 48 cards not 50.
Disappointed that the stickers were not cut out but on sheets. Not really feasible to push them out to make individualized stickers. Colors are great and love the variety, but not functional for our purpose. Probably won't re-purchase them.
This was what I expected and works well in my diffuser
hard to get off once u puy them on
Gets tacky fast but starts out great
While it worked well, it didn't last very long. Needed to replace the whole thing
I use this at work and haven't yet determined if this will work. will post more later
I noticed that my nails are already growing longer. It is too early to notice hair or skin. I am hoping that it is effective on both in the long run. I did not know about the free bottle until after I purchased the item so that was a bonus!
just ok for me, it may work better for you
couldn't see the point with my thumb still hurting a great deal
It seems like the foam piece comes off of the part that twists on awful easy and then they ain't any good. I've went through all the ones that came with the headset and half of the ones that I got in this kit in just about 4 months because of this problem.
I can feel a bit of pain relief, and a just a bit of improved range of motion in my fingers after use, but not enough to buy more. The scent is not overwhelming or unpleasant, but I'll keep looking for something more effective.
I use earplugs to sleep every night, and I bought these to replace my purple Flents earplugs when their price got super high. They did the job okay, but were not nearly as comfortable. I since found the purple Flents in bulk at a reasonable price, so I switched back to those.
Had to pair with other supplements to get the desired boost but I got there
Not much difference than the lower amount brands
My hands still go numb and as I've worn it, it has stretched out, so it kind of slides around on my arm all night.
Blocks out the light well but the color would often rub onto my sheets and pillowcase
Right out of the box the metal cover that goes around the digital part fell off. Batteries do not stay snug in the scale causing it to power off. It's a bit finicky about turning on when you step on it,sometimes it works with one tap, sometimes it don't. When it works it's good. Has a good size digital screen and the voice option is helpful.
The papers are middle of the road when it comes to adhesion. It's not necessarily a deal breaker for some people but it's something that is noticable. There are several flavors included however the scent for every single pack is almost non-existent. Most of the scents have no smell at all. It might be how the papers are packaged but not sure. When it comes to scented rolling papers, I wouldn't recommend these for purchase.
These aren't great. I bought these for my grandma to keep her glasses secure and so she doesn't lose them. But they're not great quality, come off very easily.
I didn't care for the discomfort under my arms. My husband took it to work to wear at the office and he likes it.
There's nothing wrong with the product itself but Prime Labs does NOT stand up to it's promises!! After you order (and receive) your product they ask you to write a review, which I did (a very nice one). They promise another bottle free of charge. I never heard from them again and they refuse to answer my emails. Don't trust this company!!!
I liked the fit best and the styling. I feel like the heat wasn't very noticeable and I definitely didn't like the pause between each movement. The massage lasted 3-5 seconds then the pause 3-5 seconds while air was released from the equipment. I am returning this item.
Great vibrating toy, but any child can easily get access to the batteries.
This wrist brace is fairly well designed. I like the two metal braces to provide stability and the Velcro straps that grip tightly. It does seem smaller than I expected, though it does not seem to interfere with functionality.
Tried for a month, and it really helped me stay focused and awake. Sadly it did not help in my weight loss at all. Not 1 pound lost. Pretty disappointing.
The first one I ordered lasted for a few months before I dropped it and it broke. The second one arrived broken but the seller gave a full refund with no questions asked. I am considering ordering a third time because I did like using it!
Thought it would be all calcium citrate, but also has calcium carbonate.
Haven't felt any results yet. I'm sure it takes awhile to start working and make a difference. I will still continue to use and purchase this product! It smells good and is very easy to apply.
Sometimes the tips stay stuck in the container and are not able to be removed; thus can't use all of them.
Didn't like the taste
Got this for my mother and it does not pick up things very well ,things just slide right out of it if there it any kind of weight to it
Didn't help me but maybe it would work for some. I was disappointed with how you are supposed to tighten the strap. It basically requires 2 hands to tighten or you need to use your teeth. When I contacted the seller to ask if I was doing something wrong I never heard back. And the ends of the strap are already fraying
These were great when they worked, but the magnet fell off after my 2nd use
While it does the job of helping sleep with a CPAP mask, it is like a brick and hurt my neck. It was easy to return and I bought a softer pillow from cpap.com that is very comfortable and also works.
It helps. Doesn't cure.
Expected to really win with a meter and strips for about price of strips.
Read the description and expected a nice scent that would last around for a while. Disappointed. It didn't smell like much even on the first day or in first few days
This item would not be sturdy enough for anyone needing a walking device.
This product did seem to slightly curb symptoms, but I dont think it is strong enough to get rid of infections.
The rinse basket only holds like 3 Tshirts. Entire unit shakes during rinse cycle.
No it did not work for as well as for others. Was not impressed. My scars did not so much as fade or blend in . It's all good. But no did not work around face near eye . If u r getting it to fade scar away on your face u will be disappointed.
They are not bad thought I feel like they are sort of muggy when I look through them.
I ordered the chocolate and I mix mine with 1 percent milk. The taste isn't the greatest and the only way to mix it without having clumps is if I use my ninja blender. Putting strawberry's in it helps with the flavor because by itself it doesn't taste the greatest. But the value for the money and the fact it is only 90 calories is good. And it does have more protein in it then some of the other shakes out there.
Item is very larger than my cell phone and very heavy. Not ideal to carry in purse.
Easy enough to use, but runs small compared to complimentary ones they give you elsewhere - e.g., doctors' offices.
I'm ok that I got it but disappointed ☹️ that one was leaking and all gone .
These were smaller than I anticipated. Works ok but not great.
Sadly..They didn't really help my daughter. Our pediatric doctor recommends a diet change before this product.
I was not a huge fan of this. It did the trick for the few weeks I wore it. The biggest issue is the main reason I would suggest steering clear. It fastens with velcro at the back which does not make it easy for women with a big pregnant belly. It also made it very visible under clothing which no one wants to show that. I would not recommend this band.
Works well. Bristles very hard.
I love the diapers. They seem to be the only ones that dont give my son rashes. And I used the same brand for my daughter. The last couple times Ive ordered, tho, the shipment came pretty late, and I had to buy from other stores until I received these.
Only 3 stars because not only you can bearly feel the seat vibration it stopped working after 3 days. Most likely refurbished
I have ordered these before and they work great. This last time the pieces were all wierd shaped as if they were just leftover pieces from the nice cutout shaped ones. They were also all stuck together. I will buy them again because it is a good product; just looks like quality control isnt working very hard. I'm hoping it was a glitch and next time they will be better.
Not my wife's favorite but she was ok with them.
All you will get from these strips is a signal if you have any ketones in your urine. The range for the first color is .5 - 5, which is huge! And it is nearly impossible to tell the difference in color between the first and second option. I ordered a breath meter when I saw how useless these were. Save your money and skip them.
Not finding any perceptible difference in sugar levels after taking this product. I know that in general, taking bitter melon helps.
It's good but why use cold water tho It doesn't sit well in my stomach so I'm using hot water sorry
Didn't help my arthritis very much.
I'm glad this is working for so many people but if you've been using an extract like me, you probably need to keep using one. I ordered this product, wanting to try switching to a capsule as they are more convenient and economical but the next morning I awoke with the worst night sweats and nausea I have ever experienced. Its hard to believe this herb could affect me so powerfully but I guess I'll be using an extract from now on.
I gave this massager to my daughter as a Christmas gift, shes a cosmetologist and on her feet all day. She complained that it pinches her pinky toes, so I tried it. I have plantar fasciitis and heel spurs and massage my feet daily so I tried it out. I agree, this machine constricts so tight then the rollers pinch the pinky toes but only for a few seconds as its constantly changing movements. It hurts but it works. My feet feel better afterwards, just wish I could change the pinky toe tightness. It is a reflexology machine so I understand why there's pain.
I purchased this product after reading many reviews, hoping it would provide more energy and help with metabolism. I've been taking it for three weeks now, and honestly, I haven't felt any differently. I was expecting to feel more energy, sleep better, etc. But this has not happened. Kind of disappointed.
one Package of ten batteries were defective, not charged from the factory. The other 40 batteries were just fine. The factory will replace the defective batteries according to their recent email. It's unfortunate that 10 were bad but since they are being replaced it's life I guess.
This may work for a lot of people but it didn't work for me. I have an arthritic spur on my thumb joint and it just didn't give me the support I needed without involving my entire hand.
I had to use some double stick tape because they did not stick to the insoles of my shoes, with the tape they work okay. They are very overpriced.
Perfect for what I needed!!
My main issue is the mixability of this product. It's so clumpy and doesn't dissolve easily. I have to stir and crush the clumps against my mug, and stir and stir some more. The fact that I'm having to consider purchasing some sort of gadget to blend it is not good. I don't want to have to make my morning coffee in a blender. That's just me... Otherwise, there's no after taste and seems to do the trick once you get the clumps dissolved.
I give it a 3-star only because I thought I was getting the purple bottle that I usually order. the picture of the bottle look purple I got the white bottle which I was very disappointed, I felt like it's misleading because there is wand that comes in a white bottle I didn't want that one because I can find that one anywhere however the one in the purple bottle I'm having problem finding. I have been using the one in the purple bottle for about 2 years now, my hair got so long and thick so I just love the one in the purple bottle for some reason.
I don't like the taste of this in my coffee. It has a strong taste that is very different from sugar. I love monk fruit flavored products from choc-zero, but I'm not sure what to do with this to make it taste good. I ended up buying Swerve sweetener (mainly erythritol) and it tastes exactly like sugar. I'll be sticking to that from now on.
Edit: was sent a full refund after speaking with the customer service tea! Awesome customer service! Original review: These glasses do what you ask them to do in terms of blocking blue light but they make me extremely dizzy. Could be that I'm just not used to glasses, but I've never had that sensation with sunglasses...
I like the simplicity of this basic model. If it was a little louder it would be perfect!
OVER PRICED Lots of the same on the market much cheaper..
Roll is too large for our recessed TP holder. Paper is a bit too thick. Won't purchase again.
Product isn't as sturdy as I would like the wheels fall off if you lift it . It leans after put together . The handle to elevate works fine , but it is difficult to put up and down without two hands if you have had a stroke . I use this to stand in front of my three computer screens to work . I place the keyboard and mouse on it and work part of the day and move and replace chair when needed it is a inexpensive solution to stand and work . Three screens would not fit on a standing desk
Not real happy with this, no change I'm hair, or nails. Really nails are worse than when I started. Will not do this one again.
My toes are tiny so the pads didn't stay on my feet.
Nowhere near as good as the smores, blueberry muffin, or rocky road. However, it is still worth trying.
The box was damp when it arrived because the cream had leaked out.
My boyfriend loves using this on me. We use it frequently but the problem is that the fur started to get detached a bit since he likes to put it in and out of my asshole.
I bought some honeysuckle essential oil and added it to the bottle to increase the scent, otherwise I would have thrown the bottle away. This is advertised as aromatherapy level scent, but it is not.
They are super orange. You look silly wearing them.
I was disappointed. The tissues are small and have an order. They smell like they were stored with old rubber tires.
Haven't seen a difference yet...will update later if this changes.
the size of the wipes are to small
Cups were all stuck together
Didn't feel energetic at all. Still felt tired.
The skin crawling tingle is great! But no pump, and definitely no increased energy or stamina.
Only one is comfortable. The others you have to use at home without walk. They are not comfortable.
While these seem to be about the best CURRENT price on Amazon for this product , it's still about 3 times what I paid for them on Amazon, just a little over two years ago. That seems extreme, and being as are a necessity for diabetics, the words price gouging comes to mind.
I like the case but for my everyday glasses but the case is way too wide. Other than that I like it. I don't use it because of the large size
They were good but very hard to put on.
The brand is good (I'd say one of the best out there), but most of these flavors are yuck. Lemon cake, birthday cake, pumpkin, and coconut almond are the best. Wish they'd make a combo box with those flavors! I feel like they include the least popular here as a way to sell the product.
What I liked about it: -it dissolves pretty well in hot liquid. -It does not smell when it is in the powder form (I lost my smell so I asked my kids). -It tastes like liquid silk. While drinking it, I felt like my throat and stomach were being lined with liquid silk. It is so creamy and smooth. What I didn't like about it: -I finished the entire bag and I could not tell if it made a difference in any of my body parts. -According to my kids, once I added the powder into the orange juice, it smelled disgusting. -The packing is not ideal. When you reach into the bag to scoop out the powder, the outside of your hand gets covered with powder.
Its flavor is not good at all
I bought 3 boxes of these because they do taste really good. But when they came, they tasted stale. I don't know if it is a problem from the production, or the storage, or the transmit but they taste bad. I know what they are supposed to taste like but this batch was hard and I felt like o waa gonna break a tooth eating them.
Works ok, however not enough to justify the price..
I've used this product for years. Just recently it has Changed,,,,,,used to have 'Clouds' imprinted on the 'paper', those are now Gone & Replaced by a "Grid" pattern all over the roll. It is Not Nearly as Soft as it used to be & we are a bit disappointed with that.
Since my normal go to protein powder brand ESA is no longer in the business, I had to find a new protein powder. So far Body Fortress Super Advanced Whey Protein Powder has been good. The taste is not as good as EAS and its a bit more gritty, but its doing the job. The flavor has a slight coconut flavor in the back ground I dont love.
My husband is a terrible mouth breather, He was unable to tolerate the c- pap machine and we thought this might help him a bit instead. It made him almost claustrophobic. I think this would work with or without a C-pap machine on someone who is not such a difficult fit. I can't talk to durability because he did not have it that long.
Nothing like original pads. You get what you pay for.
I couldn't tell I was taking it
I got the wrong version which is a lot cheaper than the one I ordered. I ordered impact whey protein isolate and I received impact whey protein without the isolate.
The seat from a swivel works extremely well. However we are thinking of returning. The seat cover never stays on!! My wife loves the seat and is considering keeping it but with leaving the seat cover off. I tell her without the seat cover the foam will deteriorate very quickly. Any suggestions?
Gave it to my girlfriend in exchange for hers.
The suction s alright not the best. But how they send the item, anybody who picked it up can tell what it is. Needs better discreet shipping
They were ok, I just found myself changing them 6 or 7 times a day versus 3 or 4. I don't have a heavy cycle but i constantly had to change. Maybe because I am used to the bad and not eco friendly ones. IDK I'll try another brand next time.
its ok. only good for very small spaces but it does work.
It does not come with a pink travel case.
WHen I first bought this. I found it AMAZING, but after a month. It just was not the best. However, it was still good enough and if I really needed one. I would buy it again
Great product ....while it lasts, which isn't long. It starts to lose power/strength of vibrations very quickly after first purchasing it and continues to diminish until the product stops working completely. Many speeds that are great and it's rather strong when it's operating at its full power capacity. If you're looking for a quality made product, there are probably better choices but for a (fairly) cheap toy, it works well.
Returned didn't like the taste
Much longer than picture makes it look
Seem to run a little small in the waist (maybe sized for women and not men?), very wide between legs. Leaks through overnight, seems to need more padding for urination.
When it said "large" in the description, I pictured larger than what arrived. This is my first purchase of a pill organizer, so maybe this is large. But was hoping for bigger compartments. Holds about 4 fish oil capsules on a good day. Otherwise is fine & does the job.
Pros: - Comfortable for everyday use - Above average (but not perfect) wind noise isolation when cycling Cons: - A little Itchy inside after some time of wearing unlike another ear plug I have
I received leaking unseal product for the first shipment (image left), it is uneven and has some precipitate. I got the replacement item which looks good (image right)
Like the better packaging, that it is vegan, perfect for my lunch at the desk, doesnt taste the best but i dont drink it for taste. I need it for efficiently and quick fill.
The compression does help with the swelling/pain, however I've already busted a seem around the thumb from use. Might buy a second pair soon, I'll update my review then.
I expected the tracker to be able to keep history on the app of heart rate, walks, etc. I mainly purchased the watch for the water feature and it totally was not what I expected. I thought the watch would keep track of how much water one drinks throughout the day. You also get only one reminder to drink water and that's it. Not too happy with the product, sorry!
Too tight it hurt my foot if I wear them for longer hour
these are okay considering the battery life is poor
Beginner razor better off spending a little more money on a Feather.
as advertised. just not for me. doesn't hit the spot
I am unsure if these really do anything.
I had difficulty getting pills out of the packaging.
Didn't do much for me.
It does not turn on easily or change speeds. Great when it works.
Bigger than I expected.
Didn't notice any difference in the way I feel will keep using the rest of the box though it's got a nice flavor
Smells too strong to me. Not good for sensitive noses, good price though
The taste is great, but if you have a sensitive stomach I wouldn't recommend this protein for you.
For some reason these really really aggravated my stomach for weeks. I've stopped using them and have been success with a powder. Unsure why theses did that.
I don't know if I am using them correctly but if you use them while welding you're going to get burned
The pump is very hard to open for the first time. There are no arrows showing how to open so I spin it around forever one way, then when that doesn't work, i try the other way, then I give up and take the pump out and pour it into my hands. This has been an issue for the last three that I have purchased.
First of all, know the normal size for lipstick... This is super tiny, and the price doesn't reflect this small size. I also find that this doesn't stay on my lips well. I won't buy this again.
VERY HARD TO LITE. HOWEVER ONCE I USED FEW TIMES IT GOT EASIER.
Didn't see as much improvement as I have with other products but didn't have hairloss while using
i am amending my review. The chemical smell reported by others is there at first but mellows a bit to a decent but not great lime smell.
This is great for dishwashing. I put one squirt on a wet pad and can wash a ton of dishes then rinse but I realized after the purchase that I paid about twice as much as I would've somewhere else.
Overall works great as a wrist brace. My hands and wrists hurt a lot, working long hours with my hands for so many years. I have even been wearing these to work more lately. It helps a lot, I don't have to go home after work and put heat pads on my wrists when I wear these. The big down side to these is the SMELL. They STINK. I have soaked them in vinegar and put them in the washing machine 3 times. Didn't help at all.
Nice size bow, easy to make but iridescent stripes were loose and falling off right out of the package.
The color "ivory" appears to be more of a cream color online, but is very white in real life. Was looking for an off-white cream and was a bit disappointed.
Adhesive is not the greatest. The medium kept falling off of my back. I don't foresee them getting more than a few wears. But this is the case for most of the electrodes I've purchased online.
Trying to make spider veins disappear by mixing this with vitamin E oil. We will see if it works.
Another loss feel like these companies don't put in the work they used to
The straps that hold your leg to the iWalk keep loosening. I have to keep pulling on the tensioner to keep it tight.
If I lay on the wedge with it under my upper body, I slide down. If I put under my knees, it seems to work better for lower back relief.
I was surprised that it had elastic instead of zipper, therefore doesn't fit s snugly as previous covers.
Takes a little getting used to but does work
Thought this would be useful in shampooing my wife's hair but never used it. Gave it away to local charity.
tastes okay. i just wanted a more natural less processed product. mixes well. best if mixed with fruits or other flavor items if you want a more flavorful shake.
I really need something to stick in my shoe, and stay there. This does not. If you peel off the short 1/8" pieces they will, but not the whole thing.
It's good enough for the price.
The straps are a little wide for my face gear.
Was expecting something bigger. Its ok. Im not a huge fan of it, but the blue is nice and reminds me of a magicians cloth. Also, be very careful using incense with this cloth, because it will very easily burn a whole. Same with candles and dripping wax.
I like this product, but Amazon delivered it to my porch as is. Seriously? I really expect my purchases to be delivered in a plain brown box.
DIFFICULT TO ASSEMBLE
It works fine for small amounts of time standing up but I couldn't feel pain relief or any support. Copper has better products for the same price.
I liked the price but it did not help me lose my weight. As the matter of fact, I gained a few lb more than I started to take this pills.
I've had this lighter for about a month now. Nice build quality, hefty in the hand, all metal construction. The flame is nice and adjusts nicely. However, the more I use it the dependability has decreased. Sometimes it will lite on the first ignition, sometimes it takes 3,4, or 5 button pushes. A bit frustrating. The butane reservoir is small, it caught me off guard when I traveled with it, ran out pretty quick. Might get 3 cigars with it depending upon how often you relight or your run time when fighting a wind or a slow to get going cigar. I now leave this one at home. I do like the design and how it fits in the hand. Just wish it was more dependable and am worried it's going to get worse. Maybe I'll try a different butane?
I love how this toy looks but for my anatomy the toy wouldn't stay in place. The tickling arms couldn't reach my clitoris and would slip out if I flexed my vaginal muscles
I don't think it works that well getting odor out. My husband runs and sometimes I still have to wash his clothes twice using this.
These really are great if you're a frequent diaper changer. My daughter never complains about a wet diaper and never gets rashes, so she would wear her Pampers Cruisers diapers basically until she had a poo. We obviously change her immediately if she poops. The Pampers Cruisers would hold a TON of urine without becoming a problem and she could wear them for 12+ hours overnight. I decided to give Luvs a try and found that they would leak if she peed a large amount in them. So they're fine if you change diapers right away! They also have a pee indicator line, which is nice. Another note: My daughter who never gets rashes with Pampers got a minor rash wearing Luvs. With an infant, these would probably be great b/c I'd be changing the diaper as soon as I see that the baby has peed, so the ability of the diaper to hold a large amount of urine wouldn't be as important. (I'd probably still use Pampers overnight with an infant though.) With an older toddler though, you want the diaper to hold whatever it can as that kid is playing like crazy!!!
A little concerned about the seal not being on the lid. Came without a seal?
They are not coated and occasionally difficult to swallow.
These are cute but REALLY big! Too big for my 3 year old. We will use them at a later date
It has a decent taste but it does not mix well in a blender bottle and it froths so much that I have to shake it in 2 stages. First with a little bit of water then again after the bubbles go down and I can fit more water. If you get the powder on your hands it's sticky. Kind of weird. I can't complain about the price though!
Anyone know what the white substance is in the bottle?
Works great first time using but after refilling, doesn't work as well. After 2nd refill, all of them stopped working.
It has been stretched with petrol to make it seem like a good deal. Not good for skin, massage, or even a diffuser
1 broke 2 weeks after getting it
I bought these to apply petroleum jelly for minor wound care. They worked for that purpose but I didn't like the quality very much. They are stiff and thin. They are sometimes unevenly folded. For real wound care I would go with a more expensive brand.
I did not get the - [ ] Pomegranate - [ ] Silk Dry - [ ] Natural Touch Instead I got an additional sensitive and Cottonwood, and 1 Soft Feel Powder Scent .
I was impressed that the straps were long enough to fit my knee. I have weird knees and it would not stay up when I walked.
I agree that this is a good product if you're going camping or whatever you need it for however the part that is for the attachment for females just doesn't do it justice. It is too small and I don't like the idea that you cannot take the hose off and clothes off the plastic part was just a cover. It gets the job done but I think it could be better designed.
When I opened the box 2 of the lights were broken . I still should be able to use it but very disappointing
Yes, this seems to be a very nice product, with a glass bottle, and good processing techniques. However, it is very expensive for a 15 day supply (at the recommended 4 pills a day) and the pills are only 3/4 full. I did ask and the answer is that is just how they are filled. I only give 3 stars, because 15 days is something for a "free trial". A real product provides at least 30 days.
This are good if you want grandma undies. They seem well made but the hipsters are large coverage, maybe the bikini is more like a hipster style.
I tried it twice, just not a believer, maybe its a it works different for everyone type of thing, cause i told a buddy and he now swears by this product, infact he bought the big bottle.
I used this product on my windows and found that it was very difficult to remove
Did not do too much in aspect of relief
X-large is really not x-large for adults have to use at least 4 at a time
Not a huge fan of this brand of sunscreen. Whatever they use as the base, it doesn't absorb into your skin at all. It just drys as a thin layer on top of your skin. So as soon as you bump something, or try to rub it in too much, it just flakes off. So if you plan to just lay there and not touch anything with your exposed skin, then it would work fine. Otherwise, I'd recommend going with a different natural brand that actually absorbs in some so it won't just slough off!
These are my favorite Kleenex but unfortunately they were packaged with heavy items that damaged three of the four boxes. Is there a way to ensure my next shipment arrives separate from heavy items?
Very difficult to open
Sizes are never quite Big enough, this one fits fairly well. And why are these things always made in black, and not a nude color?
Smaller than expected
Amazing taste. They do not stick very well. I use just a tiny bit of honey to bind it together works and tastes great.
they adhere very well and are easy to put on. They were a bit thinner than I had hoped for.
The roller balls are not great quality.. they dispense essential oils heavy and high volume. It caused using excessive oil with a single application. And they are wasteful.
These are costly but they fit perfectly in the door holder of my vehicle
450mg Turmeric per 3 pills is not a lot. I thought it was 450 per pill. But it is 95% curcuminoids, so there is that... At least its not crap turmeric
I thought this would be awesome to have but it seems like it just won't fit my sink very well. I still like it and will try to use it but the suction cup seems to move all over the place so it slides all over while it's still attached I thought it'd stay in one place
Iwanted the spray not as much after odor
I brought it for work. It works good and definitely comes I handly. But unfortunately it stopped working only after a couple of months of purchasing it.
DO NOT BUY THIS SCALE. It doesn't work with any modems! You will NEVER be able to set it up - and the whole purpose of having this scale is that it automatically sends your weight to the app. UPDATE Purchased a new modem - Netgear N600 - just to get this scale working so that all my records would be together on the Fitbit site. Was finally able to connect and am happy with the function.
I am comparing these contact lens holders to ones that I had received with my 1-800 contacts orders from old orders (they do NOT include them anymore)... they are definitely smaller, harder to open and close and generally lower quality, but functional.
Hard to breathe if this is burning
Honestly could tell no difference.
Probably better than nothing. I've had better results with the Rally Patch, but was looking for a less expensive option.
Good but milk gets all in the bulb end and it's a pain to clean
Not bad, I guess it gets the job done but I regret my purchase. I never use it.
Best cold mask for migraines I have purchased and I purchased two of them. Disappointed though; one seems to stay colder for longer than the other even though they are identical.
Case Is really small , but it's nice for travel . Was missing the filters thoe !!!
I'm a big believer in magnesium and WANT to like this product. Mostly, I do. Except, she states that because of its form it doesn't cause bowel distress. Which has not been my experience. If I use anymore than a tsp per day mixed in OJ, my bowels explode almost immediately. Has anyone else had this experience? If so, what are the recommendations?
This product very well.Thanks for good.!
These gloves would be helpful however they are not big enough. Wish they made a larger size. I guess I'm stuck with them now. Bought for my Mom and she cant wear unfortunately.
This is glorified styrofoam wit thin Velcro straps. Too pricy for lack of durability. Last less than two weeks before falling apart.
its ok its still usefull
The colors are not the same as pictured, but they will work.
New packaging and I suspect that it's a different formula.... I've taken ISA-test for four years and this is the first from the new bottle design. Didn't have the same effect on me as it usually does.
using on screens is good, but glasses not good at all
I ordered 2 different brands. I found these rings a little small at the thigh. Also thread AROUND EDGE started coming loose on the first wash
i probably didnt pay much attention before i ordered them, but they were much smaller than i expected
Worked for a year and a half and then won't hold a charge.
Each scoop has the equivalent of two 8oz cups of coffee. I have high blood pressure so while I did have greater energy for weightlifting workouts I ended up with atrial fibrillation from the caffeine. I've switched to a non-caffeinated product and the atrial fibrillation cleared up. If you have any sort of health issues I'd consult with your doctor before taking any weightlifting supplement.
Was ok, light still came through underneath the middle where your nose goes
The rolls are too large to fit on the toilet paper holder! Boo! Otherwise, the quality is great, soft and sturdy.
Seems to go through batteries quickly
Lets see i might change this over time. Just got these yesterday. They seem thinner then i wanted but i put my very large work laptop in it and it slipped. I caught the bag and the laptop did not break through so it can hold some weight.
Not what I was looking for, but comfortable. Great for big toe issues. Did not give much support to a middle toe.
Fishy odor but no fishy taste.
Quality isn't best, I doubled up when wearing to make more protected.
I COULD NOT SMELL THE LEMON ODOR ON MY CLOTHES.
The chair has a weak design point. The bottom of its metal legs are inserted into rubber cups. The cups retain moisture and the legs start rusting right away. I was cleaning my chair when it was four months old and noticed all four legs were rusting. Otherwise the chair fulfills its function as a chair for the shower.
Not as discribed. Didn't take away on odor that was troubling. And way to expensive
Helps but doesn't have enough essential oils (eucalyptus) to help open my sinuses enough. I prefer other similar products over this one.
First, they are OK, but the price is definitely too much, for that price I was expecting them to be softer and more comfortable, but the insole is hard. Another issue I have is that the needed support does not stay where is needed. I would not buy again for the price, I rather spend more for something better.
Cheap design, breaks easily
Not sure yet, but we keep our fingers crossed.
It rolls down and keeps coming off.
Doesn't suppress appetite. Tasty
I have used this product for a month now. I have not seen much difference yet but it seems like my skin is getting smoother.
I was looking for a cheaper massager and this one has its ups and downs! Overall I'm a little disappointed. Maybe I had too high of hope's for this price point. I like... - The materials used. - The heating element. - The shiatsu massage element helping with my back soreness/knots. I dislike... - The motor slowing down with too much applied pressure. The motor nearly putters out if you are laying against it to get those hard knots out. - The intensity button. Theres basically slow or fast. The middle speed is indistinguishable.
This fragrance is very nice but doesn't last long compared to say the Cedar scent. You also have to spray it more often than the cedar to effectively cover up any lingering pet smells.
Doesn't work as good I expected. I have had to sometimes take another two tablets in less than six hours because I still had a sour stomach after taking the first two tablets.
First let me say the product itself is five star quality. However, the packaging can be suspect at best. This is my second order. The first order came in a nice box that made sense. This time, not so much. As you will see in the picture the entire top of the box is half open and the bottom is the same way. It was pouring rain when these arrived today. Lucky thing I had them sent to work where we have a dock. If they had left this on my porch at the house they would have been ruined from the rain. This is ridiculous. I am amazed they got here from New Jersey packed like that. I suppose that is a testament to FedEx. Will make a different choice next time.
Get what you pay for. They are undeniably cheaper than the lighters you get at Lowe's, Home Depot, etc.
Mine never vibrated at all.
I like the product but not the way it is boxed.
I have found no difference in pain level with my arthritis.How ever it has been very effective to help me sleep.took about a week but now I can sleep without a sleeping pill.
Very good soap for my little girl. The only problem,big problem,the top of the container is useless,broken when the first push,really need improvement on the top piece,beside that will be 5 stars,but I only give you 3 because of the weak top,sorry.
Very small bottle, product feels nice on the skin.. not sure if it will improve my skin. I will follow up in a few weeks for any results
We didn't realize how big the canister is. Its a good idea but was to big for our travel needs.
Makes a high pitch deafening sound when in use, all dogs and people in the house hated it. I will be replacing with something else. Charge doesn't seem to last very long. Cool concept but not well executed, unfortunately
Tastes horrid. Like milled chalk but, the full feeling stays. Add Jif and yes brand specific Jif peanut butter and ice, then you'll have the perfect shake. Do NOT forget to add ice. It's worse at room temp.
The taste isn't great. I gave them away after a few weeks.
I've noticed I only had to clean my classes 2-3 times a week with my other glasses cleaner before it ran out. With this one, I have to clean them 1-2 times a day. Not sure if it's my new glasses or if this cleaner is a lot weaker.
I took this for several months and I do not believe it helped at all. I am now using collagen powder with bone broth in my smoothies along with Essential Oils and I am getting relief there.
This is good and seems to help however if you have a wiggly baby it moves out of position often. .
It helps a little bit, I do feel the impulse before pumping. But I have to say.. anything working on Hormone may have a side effect on ur body. I had dry eyes after taking it, not necessarily caused by this, but..
These are thinner than the original band. I doubt it will last as long so it's a good thing there are many in the pack
Came on time. Cost was reasonable. Didnt like the flavor.
Does not last , Need to reapply over and over !!
Good batteries, but we have had some leakage problems with energizer cells.
It's a battery, it works, nothing more. Please stop asking for reviews
I did not get the charger and the USB to charge this Blood pressure machine Suzanne Chai
It doesn't get grout as clean as I thought it would. Works great on the tiles to make them shiny.
It worked very well, but a few days after using the product (tmi) my entire lining completely shed itself, and I was left staring at this pure white tube of skin that I had to physically pull out of me. It wasn't painful but definitely not pleasant. Other than that, I absolutely love the product, can't wait to use it again, and my fiance loved it
Its like kissing your sister.....
Gave me Some relief but not total
The expiration date is only 6 months away. Wish the expiration date was longer, especially considering the quantity that I ordered.
half of it kind spill on shipping al stick to cream instead this also makes a mess when using it
This product does an OK job of keeping groin area dry. It does not cake up when applied. It could use a bit more menthol in the product.
They help some but you can't take them unless you have a glass of water to take them with and the instructions are very picky about when you can and can't take them. I much prefer the Gaviscon Advance over this product.
I'm not sure why, but the second reading is always 5 pounds lighter. Otherwise, it works well
Different with advertising
The printing on the product label was white over light green. I am not going to take something that the directions were not legible. What is this stuff?
Does not seem to work as well as the "red" Don't know if I will purchase again
the cap on one of the bottles was broken. soap leaked all over the envelope.
they still roll down the leg
These are a bit stiff. You can really shape them
The tablet starts off sweet and fruity however the after taste is a bit hard to swallow. Not sure if it's because of the Manganese but reminds me of those Flintstone multivitamins I took back in the day.
Product itself is good. Just don't like it that the bottle comes not sealed, making it subject to contamination.
I feel this is a must have for parents with babies. However the only thing I noticed is that the top button got pushed in after a while and now we have to use our fingernails to turn it off and on. I'm not sure if it's because it was cheaply made or just because we use it daily. But really we just bought it 3 months ago.
Too small, my fault should have ordered larger
My 13 year old daughter dislocated her knee and the orthopedic suggested a hinges brace. This brace works and protects and gives stability but the hinges stick out past the knee cap and tend to get caught on things you are trying to squeeze past. The only issues with this brace was the hinges alone if they make the brace so the hinges sit further back at the knee cap the brace would be perfect.
This taste DISGUSTING. I got the Blu Raz which I usually like things flavored like that. I've never tried bcaa before now I'm scared it all taste like shit. Gave me a bit of energy but Not worth swallowing the vile stuff down for me.
Seal arrived broken, mediocre taste and not very healthy ingredients, very tiny jar of product
The lines on the bottom are incorrect. I didn't notice them and cut this using my insole as a guide and thankfully I did this because otherwise the inserts wouldn't have fit and I would have ruined the replacements despite following the directions. They have a high arch and I have normal feet with a normal arch.
These cushions have helped my feet to a point, but not as well as they could have. First of all, I purchased the large/xlarge size, and my size 11 feet (men's) is probably the biggest size these cushions could fit comfortably. They are a bit of a stretch on my feet, but it's within reason. If you have a larger foot, I would recommend avoiding. The way these cushions wrap around the feet helps keep them on the foot to a reasonable point, but over time, the cushion slides forward and has to be pulled back. The cushion itself seems to be made from a memory foam. After some use, the cushion is flattened. But after some time of non-use, the foam thickness recovers itself. The main drawback is that the cushion foam isn't thick enough to provide maximum comfort. Even adding just a millimeter of cushion would likely help a lot. Also, again, the fact that the cushion slides forward when in use is a minor drawback. I would recommend these cushions if you have tried other solutions and they haven't worked at all. These will work to a point -- but don't expect heaven when you walk -- it will be marginal relief.
my blood pressure monitor does not work
I have taken several brands of Ashwagandha supplements, but I cannot take this one. It did seem to have some of the effects that I expected, but It causes bleeding and tightness/pain in my side every time I take it for a few days in a row. I don't know what the difference is, but I would be a little careful with this one.
Ok so I cant judge the effectiveness now. But I was having trouble taking it alone. I just add the drops to my bottle of water and drink it before meals. This is my second week and it has been working well. I give it three star because of the taste for now. I will update my review once I'm done with the entire product.
I order these regularly. I like them, good reliable paper towels. My last order had an open package of paper towels in it, not barely open, wide open.
I guess different strokes for different folks. My mom swears by them but my friend said they did nothing for him so that is why they didnt get 5 stars
I don't feel much soap in it , waste money
this fragrance and the Gain were both a bit too strong but I am trying others.
Pure cocoa flavor, I use it as snack and feel satisfied for hours
The Good: This product seems to work as it should which is definitely a plus and overall it seems to be a good product. The Bad: There is absolutely NO FRESH MINTY TASTE...actually the taste and smell is very unpleasant.
First, I love the vanilla-like scent and the plug-ins last 3 weeks unless you have the windows open. Then they'll dissipate quicker. On these aspects, I'd rate the product a 5-star. However, about 6 months ago, I noticed that the plug-in container leaks in about 2 out 3 packages I buy. Keep them upright, yes. But even when doing so, they leak all over my hands while I'm setting them in the holder. They didn't used to do this, so it appears that a small design change is causing the leak.
I'll use them because i opened them and tried them but they do taste bad. Will not order again.
These sponges are great because they don't stink and the soft part of the sponge really holds up well. The only problem is that the scrubby part breaks down quickly. In 2 weeks of regular use, I found that the scrubber part breaks apart. If they could improve the scrubber quality to match the rest of the sponge, then it'd be a stellar product.
These were ok. Not as good as other products I have used in the past. No jitters which was nice.
Not too much to say about a vitamin supplement. I went onto it because my doctor suggested it as a form of fighting skin cancer. No complaints and no side effects. Just an advisement that these pills are really large and very difficult to swallow. I never have problems with pill size yet this is a challenge each day. Amazon offers a great selection of this vitamin so try various brands if size is an issue.
Can't review quality, but delivery was terrible. Took 3 weeks longer than anticipated and bag with bottle was left in mailbox in 100+ degree temps
I bought this when my throat was super sore because daycare bug came to the family. It didn't miraculously make me feel better. The menthol was there just like any good cough drops. But the price was steep, I guess imports are expensive.
The product came by hot Postal Service and sat in my hot 100 degree mailbox. Don't know if it's any good now. Won't get from a seller again that uses slow delivery again.
Amazon wants to charge prices similar to name brand bags like Ziploc and Hefty, but doesn't want to produce a product of the same quality. Bags are not the same thickness or weight as Ziploc brand. Slider works okay. Size seems smaller then Ziploc or store brand gallon sized bags, but I don't have any on hand to directly compare to. The quality is on par with a mediocre store brand of bags. Wouldn't repurchase.
Cat Daddy makes great products, this just didn't do what I needed. Sorry Jackson!
Meh. Works OK, not great.
Product works as advertised. My first set of bottles were awesome, great for energy, recovery, and a tad bit of weight loss. When I re ordered the second set of bottles the sprayers on top did not work. Using the product without knowing the proper serving was tough and did not feel the same as my first two bottles. 3 stars great product, inconsistent bottles
not much of a change do not notice yet
Unfortunately, I had bad nausea right after taking the vitamins. As soon as, I've switched to other prenatals, nausea was gone.
Maybe a good product, but my toddler had a negative reaction. Caused him to vomit & disputed his sleep.. Tried a few times Same thing :( really wanted to like it.
My 89 year old mother could not figure out how to use it; she also did not like that it had an auto shut off; she loved the size of it!
It's great on the 1st use. After that, it loses stickyness.
a little tight, i bought these for my 8 yr old son, so i would go up in size for an adult.
Does the job, too bad that the velcro broke
It looks cute, but it took way longer than I expected to get here, maybe a week longer then what was promised
The lids do not fit well and often crack when trying to put them on. They were not showed on or put on forcefully and they still crack
The product works great in lowering cholesterol, but they are not very tasty. I loved the caramel flavor they use to have.
Some are good but some are not so much. Heads up that one of them is the hot and cold one which you either like or really hate.
I can't speak to the life of the batteries, because I just purchased them. I just about gave up even trying to use them, though, because I thought I'd never get them out of the package. If you have difficulty opening plastic shell packaging, I suggest you order something else.
Not exactly what I thought. I thought it was larger in size. That was my mistake because the size was specified. Also I was looking for a plain, clear magnifier, not this kind with lines on.
it works so so. Use it on a regular basis and you feel some improvements
Balloon was as expected and music activated upon opening box. However, the sticker saying to open the box in an open space was on the underside of the box. Unfortunately my brother opened it in his living room with the ceiling fan on... so he got to see and appreciate the balloon for approximately 1.5 seconds! Aside from this, the product seemed to be as expected and was just what I was looking for to send to my brother who lives overseas
Bought this for my husband for his arthritis pain. It has helped him a lot.
I know my kids gets a rash easier when he wears these. The sides of these weird Velcro closures you got to be really careful if you fold under it can poke your baby.
Decent results from the product however it did not come with a scooper. I have no idea if I am taking too little or too much.
I guess it's okay, but 50 people? No way, unless 45 of them had minor cuts that only require a bandaid. I suppose all first aid kits are this way, and it technically has everything mentioned, but it's a minuscule amount. I feel there's better out there.
Most importantly, didn't lose any weight. At the beginning of taking them they did make me sleepy and I slept a little better but after awhile that effect wore off.
I love the product and the convenience to buy from home, but something isn't working out on the shipping package and process. I bought it once, all botches spilled, asked for replacement and the second box also came damaged and spilled. What about selling a big refill gallon? Or sending it with a stronger cap and the spray heads separately?
I still have the bruises. I think this must not take away big bruises if applied daily.
average Bic as expected.
Its great but need to be bigger (the long one)
Good pouch / case but stitching is coming undone in areas after a few weeks of use
unfortunately this did not work for me.
Cute but daughter has little interest as it is too hard for her tastes. I was planning to buy multiple animals but I'm glad we just tried one first.
The adjustable straps aren't long enough the pull my ears forward. Not comfortable at all
Color fading after week
I'm not crazy about this because it has an herbal smell. It should be nearly unscented.
Too pricey for what it claims to do. I think I get better results from fish/krill/astaxanthin and cod liver oil.
I was looking for a deep conditioner to add to my routine. I definitely would not call this restorative or deep conditioning. I did not like how my hair felt after I washed my hair. It felt brittle, which it is not. I switched back to my normal conditioner for the fluffy softness I love.
The product is terrific.....it would,however, be nice if the red dye were omitted ... the bottle did arrive damaged....and had it not been for the bag around it would have soaked the other products in the same package... the bottle had a jagged crack it it . So great product ...poor packaging....
This patchouli oil has a strong alcohol smell... I don't know if that's the norm but kinda don't think so. Makes me wonder if that's why it's only 7$ when I've seen patchouli oil priced at 20$ at my local stores. Other patchouli I've smelled was way more pleasant. Hopefully it'll be okay I'll just put this in my diffuser with lemongrass or something. Next time I'll splurge and get the better stuff.
The vibrator is fine but I had to cut the rubber to insert the recharger.
To start, the 3 star rating is not to indicate the product is of poor quality nor makes false promises, it is meant as a neutral rating as I didn't see an difference while taking the product. In fairness, I already take a biotin supplement, so adding probably wasn't necessary but I wanted to see if a product that states its primary benefit is hair growth would work for me. The label claims several great qualities (gluten free, cruelty free, made in the USA, etc.) and the capsules are about the average size for a supplement so not difficult to swallow. The flip cap is convenient.
The effects are great as far as the ability to be ready to perform. The only negative effect I found was joint pain when taking the capsule. I have found mixing it with OJ makes it a little easier.
it didn't get my shower floor as clean as i hoped it would
Not as cold as I thought it would be and it definitely doesn't last very long.
Love the design and found it very effective. BUT badly engineered in that the "closed loop" air bladder system is a bad idea. A small filler valve would greatly improve this product as it would allow it to work even after developing small leaks. Mine was very comfortable for a few days then I noticed it lost the bounce. Found the air bladder was no longer holding pressure.
I use product in home bathroom so two of us can charge our toothbrushes at same time. Original charger does not get warm; this one does, but not overly so. I am satisfied as a backup when we need two charging units at same time.
Product fine for it's price. But straps are short, barely connectable for me with not especially big head.
Was pleased at how fast this product arrived. Only giving 3 stars because it isn't exactly the product that it said I was ordering. I ordered shades eq processing solution for gloss and they sent the gloss to gel version. I am still able to use but may not order again.
I know if I had read more carefully I would have realized these are chalk tabs and not gel tabs, but I still prefer the other kind!
Didnt noticed anything
I liked that it's clean source. the taste was unexpectedly bitter and trying to figure out the best way to use. I typically add to my whey protein and make a pudding. Definitely a good purchase just need to tweak my recipe
It seems to be working but the pills stuck together in the bottle and they are kinda big (plus you have to take 3 of them)
I knocked this tape down 2 stars because it doesn't stick to my skin very well. I have to wrap my thumbs a few times to get it to stick and then during my workout it rolls over itself or loosens more. I really like how flexible the tape is but wish it would stick better.
It doesn't mix with water well. I always have to take it to the dome bc half of it gets stuck on the walls of my shaker cup
I felt pretty good after taking only two of these. But I don't like how much Vit B they put in them. Giving me a light headache. I understand they do that because the Vit B helps transport it to the muscles or whatever, but Vit B by itself without a full range of B complex vits to accompany it is not a good idea. Too much of one B by itself can be bad. So am looking for other Amino's similar to this without the B. But still like I said, it did immediately make me feel less sore after taking it. Just wish they didn't put all that extra B-6 in it update: same deal. the incredible amount of B-6 they put in this is too much one B vitamin. you would think a longstanding company like Met-RX would know this
This is pricey for the size but it lasts long when you use it for getting rid of nail fungus. I just pour 2- drops in the cap then dip a very small paintbrush (the brush hair part is only about the size of a long grain of rice. I only use this brush for my nails) and apply it to my nails. The first week or so it stings the skin mild to medium when it gets on the skin. If you wipe the skin with water this really helps take away the sting on the skin. Another thing that helps is put lotion around the nail before you apply the oil. The lotion reduces/removes the sting. Either way the stinging goes away after a week. It is not that bad and it lasts about half an hour if you don't wipe the skin. I have only tried it for a short time with oregano oil and peppermint oil (which has menthol) and it does look like it is healing the nails some. I think I will also get some Rosemary oil for some camphor and other antimicrobial properties. I also like these oils because I regularly eat these herbs so I feel that they are safe for me. Many years back I mixed a lot of essential oils and my nails were almost healed and then I didn't keep up the regular application of oils. This time I am not stopping until the nails are clear.
Doesn't work as easily as it should, maybe it's something I am doing wrong but for someone that isn't good with makeup tools shouldn't get this. I will say that the item was shipped fast at least
It stop working after one month
I used this before going to the gym in the afternoon. Taste is one of the best I've ever had but didn't notice much of an energy boost. I do have a high tolerance to caffeine and supplements so for someone who is sensitive to them this would be a great product.
This has worn out over time and the motor makes a loud noise. I have not spilled water outside of the glass so not sure what's going on with it.. but overall this was a great diffuser while it lasted. Also, the first one arrived broken so this was my second time ordering.
This pain-relieving cream seemed to help a little with my pain but I definitely will not be purchasing it again there is much better products out there that I've purchased in the meantime.
Not great but affordable
Prefer Bad Dragon's cum lube because its thicker and more goopy. But this is overall a good substitute. Especially for the free shipping. Looks real enough for play time, and doesn't get too sticky. Not as long lasting as some other lubes but it does the trick
i ordered this for my mom and she told me it heats up nice but as for a massage mat not very well all it does is vibrate which is kinda disappointing so PLEASE NOTE BEFORE YOU BUY it just vibrates
Not making vain go away and it said on the inter net
Good product. I give it to my daughter who started using it about 3 bottles ago She Had some tummy issues this product together with others helped heal her gut. I just find it to be a bit pricey
This does give you a little energy boost, but not enough. As for helping with anxiety or anything advertised, it didn't really help me as much. I'm sure it's different for everyone though.
Magnesium Glycinate is much better absorbed versus other forms of magnesium. I loved the ingredients, but the taste is pretty awful. The flavored version is much more palatable.
The butter pecan is the best flavor in my opinion, they're easy to drink for 350 calories packed into 8 ounces: But, 49.99 for a case of 24 is was too high. I would strongly advise against paying that much or find another seller, that is a rip off. Buy it only when it's 39.99 or less
It was easy to follow.
Cheap have to put in several coats
The hangars doesn't work that much the size it's perfect easy to put it together
This item came with one of the brakes tightened to the wheel, without applying the brake.
Just what i ordered thank you
Not a friendly item to open. The surface is too smooth to grip and so I much attempt with small hands to twist open. I do not like this item but I used it already and I'm too aware of what I must go through to use it
This unit is economical and works well.
They get tangled easy when on clipper. Has always been a problem with oster cords. Been cutting hair for 45 years and every clipper I have ever owned has the same problem. I have contacted oster many times and never seen any results. But I like the feel of there clippers so I just have to keep buying cords about every year. The cords are were the problem is.
wish this doesnt have the strong plastic smell that can't wash away. but its ok product. good for travel size
I liked these but I personally found sizing a little difficult.
I think the oil would be better, if it's windy it blows all of
Did not work for me continue to have hot flashes
I can't find the link to contact the seller. This is most likely operator error (me). I ordered three of these towels but only two were in the package. I need a refund of the cost of the towel, please. Otherwise, it's a cute little item.
I really loved the colors and concept. It's just the balloons only stayed inflated for 2 hours. The deflated before the party started. Took them to party city to be blown up.
I bought this to use to scrub. my dishes instead of a scouring pad. For this particular purpose the sponge didn't work well as bits of food got trapped in the mesh side and were hard to get out and the sponge is too thick to be flexible to get into the crevasses well.
I like the product, but when I dipped the dropper in, the product overflowed all over. Usually there is enough room to put the dropper in, so it caught me by surprise lol.
Sponges soak up more than I thought they would and a re a bit smaller than I thought.
It just doesn't have straps breast adjustment, the right size, and good material.
It does what you'd expect it to. Vibration is comparable to similar size/price range items of this nature I've tried. The ridges on the insert-able part are nice. Fairly small, would be good for beginners.
I like the cream. I do not like the fact the jar says on it, "get your next cream free" sounds like a lot of bullshit to me. Also I purchase the 1250 mg and your review is asking about 550 mg. So dumb, does anyone there know what they are doing. I did follow instructions on the jar for the free jar of cream. They come back and ask me to upload a photo or something. NO WAY!!!!!!!! I am sure if I look around hard enough I will find a comparable product I will like. Sorry for being so negative, however that' the way it is.
We always sleep with sound machines and our children do now as well... this one is not loud it doesn't mask noises like my child likes..I will be returning and trying another one
I have only had this about a year and it is already broken.
Nice frames - but had to return because it did not work for me.
I got x-rays and it turns out my problem is not in my SI joints. Therefore I cannot speak to how effective this is at helping with that. However, I can say that i found this comfortable. I used it for about an hour at a time while walking. It did not slip up as I would have expected. The reason I gave it three stars is because it stretched out fairly quickly. I used it for perhaps 20 hours and would be unusable at this point (if I had any reason to use it). The way the straps attach to the belt there would be no way to tighten it any further. I was just inside the Large inches measurement. If I had gone with a medium it would have still been usable. In short, if you are close to a size smaller go with the smaller size. If you know your have an SI disfunction and intend to use a belt a lot I recommend buying a higher quality belt. If you are unsure about whether an SI belt will help you, this is an affordable one to try out.
The little case that comes with it is flimsy rubber, but the Oximeter works pretty well.
Nice Quality, just did not fit how I needed.
Way too many blend names. Need more single oils.
I bought/received two of these. The first one required a return because while the green light powered on, the speaker wasn't working and I was unable to hear any noise. The second one arrived without any problems, but I realized shortly thereafter that this isn't the ideal sound machine. I planned on using it every night for my son. However, it runs on batteries and I began to worry that they'd eat up those batteries relatively quickly. I ended up keeping the device because it was my oversight that this doesn't have any support for A/C power, but we stopped using it right after. I bought another sound machine for my baby with a plug this time. Now all my kids have identical sound machines which works fine for us.
Honestly , this is making my scar go down bc I have a thick skin on my arm.... but it peels off wayyy too easy . You have to use like something to keep it in place. I usually use tape from my hospital
I like the clean ingredients but the flavor is really lacking.
I want to think it helps, but my pain is not really relieved. Im wanting to believe the CBD works, but just a reason to jack up the price. ICY HOT is still my go too. But it smells good at least
Don't fit my big nostrils and very uncomfortable
I purchased these for my husband who is bedridden to protect his heels from bedsores. I was able to get them on and they seemed to help but there is a seam inside the protector that pressed into his skin making a sore. I can't use them on him anymore. They also run small.
I liked the scooter over all, but for a tall person there is no leg room. I am non weight bearing on both legs and 5'8" and it is difficult to put both my feet on the platform. It needs to be longer.
Upset my tummy, but will try again, my nephew recommended because it helped his IBD.
This product is very hard and must swirl my fingers to warm up and use. Wasn't sure what to expect, still what I believe I need for lips, cuticles . No aroma that is bothersome
Very good grip on the ears. Prevented my glasses from sliding down my nose. Multiple colors at one price.
They smell weird but good quality. Does not break down easily.
I really like this, it feels great, I just wish the handles pulled out and were a bit longer, I have to use sideways for my back.
Uhhh, this thing is very powerful...LOL- works great..just be careful, 2 speeds and both are well enough!
It works fine but I do feel like they bunch a bit in the back.
Gold confetti is a little hard to see and make the ballon hang funny.
Great vitamin pack but I think there are too many to take at once. When I separated them out throughout the day I didn't the same effect.
I just completed my first canister. It lasted me daily use from June 16 - July 25. The taste I actually like! I'm not sure how long until you start to notice changes in how you feel or your skin or anything, but so far it's a no go in that area
I purchased two of them, they have a nice feel, nice size. Its about the length of your palm. Can get noisy when the settings are turned up but I like it, the only thing I dislike is that I have to keep clicking through every setting to turn it off.
I am a musician and a subway commuter. I bought these earplugs for reading on the train and long evenings at rehearsal. I find that they are among the best earplugs I have tried in terms of fidelity. They cut volume down to a comfortable level for extended exposure while still letting enough mid and high frequencies through that I can understand what I am hearing. They wouldn't be great for total sound blockage, but they're very nice for reducing ear fatigue in loud environments. Unfortunately, they are also rather small and easy to lose, especially since they're clear. The canister that they come in is a bit narrow, and it can be hard to fish the plugs out. Sometimes I use a car key, and I worry that it may look like I am about to perform some sort of illicit sniffing activity. This whole ordeal also led to me losing one of the plugs within a week or two of getting them-- it got dropped on the floor of a dark club while I was trying to fish it out of its canister. Whoops. They're also potentially easy to lose in your ear canal-- I find that the stems are a bit short, and I sometimes feel like I'm one misstep away from a very sticky situation. On the upside, this also means that they're Very Discrete! You will not look like a nerd as one does when they wear bright orange foam earplugs.
Works great, wish the buttons were raised a bit so you could find them in the dark! Overall a good c vibe.
If you just need to consume some calories and protein, this works. It definitely doesn't taste amazing or even remotely natural, and it's a bit on the thick side, but for convenience it's completely fine and the after taste dissipates pretty quickly. Tastes a bit like cheap chocolate with sweetener but as I said, the taste fades fast.
Well in the picture it says it has 2 vibrators when it really has only one. Other than that it's light and very versatile, I use it for my herniated disc and my epicondylitis and it's great that it's wireless cos I can take it with me to trips and restaurants and stuff. I just think the publicity has to be more accurate. It wouldn't hurt if it really had 2 vibrating points, and better yet, that not only the middle part vibrated but all 3 sections we're functional. Just an idea for Homedics.
I really like this product, it very good! I will order more! 👌
Did not know the gauze pad is made of individual sheets .They tend to move around.
Liked the small round size very much since I only have a few daily pills. Would like the colors to be different to easily pick the right one for the time of day.
Not a huge fan of the flavor but it works so I keep buying it! Spicy. My friend LOVES the flavor soooo
Used for exercising with abdominal hernia Seems to be helping
I really like this product. It feels good to get a little head massage but I find it best to use when you're ready to go to bed or can at least relax. My eyes shake/vibrate when it's on and it's actually pretty uncomfortable for me. But I do love this product! I just have to close my eyes.
Bought for acne for my son. Does a good job. Does not foam up, but it does seem to be working just fine.
Great toilet paper but the rolls are really large. Didn't fit well unless I took some sheets off first.
I liked the ideal of how it works and after first use, hearing strange sounds. In my opinion the hose connections seemed to be a little delicate.
Have to have the app open for it to receive data. That's stupid
I like everything about this cane EXCEPT it needs another notch so the handle can go just a bit lower. I'm 5' 5" and being able to lower it one more notch would have been perfect and a 5 star!!
Product seemed to work well, but my dog prefers to lay on the tile instead of the cooling mat. I had to return but the seller was very accommodating.
Wish they work better but they helped some
Some relief from bugs. I guess.
It's good product and way better than sticky role, still I expected the plastic cover quality to be better than this
My son has severs disease and has a lot of heel pain especially playing sports with cleats. These have really helped. Even ordered a second pair so he could keep one in his regular shoes and one in his cleats.
the product is definitely versatile and good idea to keep around for any family accident. keeping ours.
Fits in YETI straw top, but a little tight. Hard to stir smoothie.
Not bad for the price
As I get older, my flow gets heavier. This has been working well for me. My cervix is so low, I tried to find the shortest cup I could. I had to trim the pull off. I have to cup it around my cervix and it still sits on the vaginal opening. I would rather tolerate that than chance overflow which has embarrassed me many times. It does have a learning curve, but it's not hard to learn and I do not find it hard to remove and clean. I recommend this over tampons anyday!
So far so good, Goes on easily, goes on dry, feels kind of like a powder. Does not leave an oily residue or leave my pits feeling moist all day like others I've tried. I ordered the white lavender, goes on white but turns clear. Have only used 4 days at this point.
Decent but the taste is about 3 stars. But beauty is pain right...
Great product the only thing u would like would be for it to come with a holder so I can place it next to my sink. Aside from that it's a very sturdy brush and love the extra long pipe brush it came it, very helpful for bottle cleaning.
Super cute! I ordered for my daughters 21st birthday! She loved the lace! She wore it out that night when she went out with her friends to celebrate!
I have used a couple of other probiotics and switched to this one because it is way more reasonably priced. I can't tell if the probiotics by themselves are helping my stomach issues, but I definitely have less bloating and constipation than I used to. In the past, I was constantly miserable. These days, I am feeling a lot better. I will continue taking these probiotics for sure.
They are wider but no more absorbing than the regular overnight pads. They are ok though!
Just received this product can't wait to see if it works for me stay tuned I will write another review once I've taken this for a few weeks
Bags are a pretty blue, but somewhat thin.
I haven't had the chance to use this, yet. Surgery is in 2 weeks. It feels and looks well made. I have used one on my arm in the past and it was terrific. Hoping this is the same. The leg section is substantial. I am concerned that the top part that fits around my thigh may not be tight enough or strong enough. I'll up date when I actually use it instead of just trying it on.
Worked as advertised within 3 days, I noticed the cold sores/acne that form around my lips seemed to go away. Not an instant fix but if you give it a couple of days and uses it will work. The tube is super small, and does not contain a lot of medication just fyi.
Not the scent I had hoped for . Love the scent of cedar, but this one missed
The first was defective, and I emailed the company. They were responsive, polite, and sent a replacement immediately. Be forewarned when initially turned on it can suddenly get too hot which is the only reason to 4-star it. Otherwise, it's a 5 star. After months of daily use and abuse, it's working well and doing its job! The longer length allows me to wrap it around my knee or place it across the width of my back.
Eat with some pecans and pretend it is divinity fudge.
I definitely have more energy while using this product
Check pharmacy prices and you will realize what a great buy these are.
0.25 oz is small, but I knew that because I read the description, so no complaints about that from me. I got all three different types as described, and I like all of them ,but creme brulee is my favorite and smells wonderful. Great size to carry in purse.
The Peppermint & Lavender are my favorite. Separately or blended together are great! The Joy blend is ok...very light for the diffuser. The Rose scent is interesting, still figuring out how to use it...overall a good set to have on hand...I do love this brand of oils, most have worked great!
At first the taste was a little off-putting but that was offset by the benefit of ingesting a combo mix of salt and sugar substitute. I wouldn't recommending overdoing it, but once every 45 minutes depending on your need might be good. It kept me from bonking but I supplemented it with a lite electrolyte drink and water as well as some stingers.
Love, love this product but the spray bottle was empty as it all spilled out during shipping. Was super sad as the spray is what I use the most.
I really like the way it looks. I kinda wish the flowers went all the way around. I wore it as a necklace too.
Does all that is promised but doesn't fit well in all car seats.
product works great and got it quickly in the mail.
It looks good and arrived as expected. Cannot tell if I feel or look any better yet because I just started using it. The jade looks and feels great. My only comment is the writing on the jade is a bit big but other than that it's all good.
Great product - stuck on right away and the gel padding feels very comfortable. Would purchase again.
Love having these little cheat sheets with me during clinical. I told all my classmates about this and now I see everyone walking around with them.
I have used it twice a day since I received it. I think it is helping.
Great value for family and pets!
Absolutely didn't work for me. But what an amazing company, they saw my review and actually refunded me. No questions asked. No return necessary.
Just what my swollen legs needed! Really helps relieve the swelling and ache in my legs.
received as expected
Feels good but got kind of sticky after two or three uses. (Washes after every use an no lube was ised$ Also was slightly damaged when removing from a cloth harness. :(
Not only functions as described but even better. Works better then similar more expensive products This is a quality, well made product that should be an addition to every older mans' collection . Keeps things happening. In addition to the better and stronger erection it increases sensitivity and overall enjoyment. Although the instructions suggest using for 10 minutes at a time, you need to work up to 10 minutes . Use lube as recommended.
Doesn't say where the product is made either on the bottle or the box.
This wig is fantastic! The perfect Ash blonde color I have been looking for, super thick and long.
Biotin. Labdoor.com rates this brand pretty high. If biotin is part of your daily supplements try this one.
If your consistent with it you'll see the it helps if you work out too
There is no real scent to this was, just a pink color. It did a very good job when I use it but for some reason it did not heat as quickly as many other wax beads I've tried in the past.
Good product has been a month and feel like it's been helping! Ordered more.
Ok. Sturdy. Fits well.
Original pad is thicker but these are a good substitute just not as thick.
Very comfortable brace, stays in place and great support. This thing is pretty awesome.
Like the value and understand that is always remains where you purchase.
They are great in conjunction with my bone conducting headset.
If you want to try ditching the cage to see how you like playing with a visor, this is perfect for that. afterwards you can get the better stuff.
My son loves his backpack and that it glows in the dark.
Needed some notepads for the fridge and liked this design. They hold well and tear easily. Only complaint is that it'll take us like 6 years to go through 6 pads. Wish they sold them in a smaller bundle.
All the warming beads? are on the bottom. Nothing on top. Works pretty ok
I started one week ago. I only take one pill, but I have to say I'm feeling weird but I'm a good way! I'm not fatigued during the day and I have spurts of feeling happy. So we'll see
I've been taking one of these a day, with lunch, for several months. These seem to work well, but they don't solve my issues with gluten intolerance. The price through Subscribe and Save is comparable to buying from Costco.
I originally bought one of these over a year ago when I lived in an apartment. Now I have a house and needed more. Bought the 3-pack. I did have to remove the 3 screws on the bottom and rotate the plug 180 degrees so it would work in my outlets. The first one I bought last year was the right way, but these were upside down. Mind you, I know that is because the old standard in the US was ground on bottom and the new standard is ground on top. I deducted one star because they should be able to update this design to accomodate a 180 degree rotation (or offer two versions), instead of me having to disassemble and rotate the plug myself. It is very simple to do, tho. Reversed all 3 of these in about 5 minutes. Anyway, I love these otherwise. They work as intended (I don't use the nightlight portion).
As expected. I have purchased this item before.
This is the 5th sleep mask that I have tried and it is the best at staying on for side / stomach sleepers. It still moves and will come off through the night sometimes but will usually make it to the morning. As far as the actual product, it is very soft. The velcro strap is wide enough that the mask keeps its shape and it is soft enough that makes it very comfortable on your head. I will add that it does not grab hair either, well at least mine not sure with someone that has long hair. The concave covering over the eyes is great. If you are on your back, you don't feel anything touching your eye. For the side sleeper, it is very flexible and soft that it is also comfortable when you got your face buried in the pillow. I didn't buy this for blackout feature of light but it does work pretty good. I did take a nap in the middle of the day last week and no light came through. The nose cut out helps with this compared to other masks. I purchased this to protect my right eye. I developed a lazy eye lid that opens on it's own when I sleep and being a side / stomach sleeper, this causes the sheets to scratch my eye and then for days I look like I have pink eye and it is scratchy and irritated. This mask has eliminated that problem and since I have been wearing it, my eye has been in great shape. I didn't give this review 4 stars because it still isn't "perfect" for side / stomach sleepers and honestly I don't think I will ever find one, but this one is the best I have tried so far.
Product works and smells as it should. If I wanted a different scent I could have picked up for significantly cheaper at the store but I couldn't find this anywhere. The first package came completely broken but Amazon sent a replacement promptly.
I'm surprised how long the battery last very well
Makes interior detailing very easy. The big brush broke once but seller sent us a new pack. I highly recommend this.
Easy to use and not drying to the skin.
First of all it smells great! That's my 4 stars. It's smaller than what I thought but that's on me for not reading dimensions well. There is no timer, otherwise would've been a five star. Otherwise would've been five stars for sure
I need them and it's conveniently available to me. The doctor has a limit of three per day, but I need to test more often. Sometimes you have to be your own physician.
Works almost as good as my doctor prescribed meds, without all the side effects.
I use this religiously. It does wonders for me with inflammation. I work offshore in the Gulf of Mexico as a mechanic and a machinist. My job is very physical. This helps.
Does help the soreness go away
This tape is really a good product for the price. I have been using it often and it's strong enough for the jobs. Delivery was also fast.
Works great, only downfall is, if you have a smaller wrist and hand like I do, it doesn't fit quite right, it still works but my pinky doesn't stick out and theres excessive material just hanging out.
These would be a 5 star if they were a little longer for just a but more support other than that these are super comfortable I noticed a big difference as soon as I put them on!!! Definitely recommend to anyone with foot pain!!!
This is the third different type of menstrual cup I've tried. 3 cycles in, I'm still trying to get the hang of the emptying part as the little knobbies that help you figure out where to squeeze are pretty tiny and a little hard to find. But when you get them, it works pretty well. It leaks a little, but I've yet to find one that didn't on the first couple of heavy days, so I always wear a pad as backup. But my cervix and uterus are tilted, so it's expected. It gets me through all day at work without leaking through a pad, which is what I wanted out of menstrual cup. I think once I get the hang of the emptying part, I'll like it even more.
Works as expected, it does take a while to dissolve.
I would rather have a product with more Ammonia D in it. This is like regular Windex.
The balloons were good. The pump provided was very helpful. My only complain is that a couple of balloons the unicorn drawing was not in the center.
Brake wires are too long and protrudes from the rollator causing it to get caught in walk ways at home. Color ordered was red and got a burgundy one. What can i use on wheels to make the move freely?
It's a little too sweet tasting for me. But I think it helped with my cold
price is great, you get one for free compared to buying it in a retail/chain pharmacy/drug store
I've used these with all three of my pregnancies. The flavor isn't great and the added ginger didn't help at all with morning sickness but still gave me what else I needed
Though I did not notice a major difference in my blue light exposure I definitely found it easier to fall asleep after a full day of using devices within my workplace and also at home for leisure
I've been taking this supplement for two weeks now- didn't know this will slowly heal my digestive problem. I was always constipated before, having that kind of feeling really sucks. but when I've started taking this, I now have regular bowel movements. I just take this supplement twice a day, for better results, make sure to hydrate your body! Hope this helps!
I purchased this for my mother to use while our family was vacationing at Walt Disney World. It was lightweight, stable, had adequate storage, was easy to fold up, and traveled well. I took off one star because I couldn't find a cup holder that fit on it (I think it should be an included accessory). Overall, great price and value for a good product.
For the cost it's a good product. Wife uses it and only complaint was the massaging mechanism is to hard on her back. She does use it on her neck and legs. I started using and I probably like it more than my wife. Great for sore or stiff neck and shoulders
Good does it's job but made out of cheep plastic
Something is badly labeled here. Many reviews for children's clothing and some other object mixed in with reviews of the plantar fasciitis arch support. Mixed reviews but I think some users are putting it on wrong. It fits around the ankle and the arch. Fits snugly but not painful. Feels good on my arch and I've only had it on for 20 minutes . It would be more helpful if the maker would show step by step instructions on proper positioning on the foot.
I should have measured the bags were a lot smaller than I thought. Good quality.
This is a good addition to my office chair in my room. Although the material is very stiff and tough the best comparison to it is of a hard marshmallow. The memory foam is well made and works as it designed for. Its more comfortable than without it since my office chair is very uncomfortable and the cushion sucks so this is a great addition for my work space.
Nice colors and oil. Great that it's environmentally friendly!
Smell is not that strong at all I have 4 plugged in thru out the home and I can barely tell it
Nice ink and bright light. I wish intensity could be adjusted dimmer, so not to wake spouse.
Purchased for my husband who has issues with walking. Works great, but a little too slow for me. His doctor said this was a great idea to build up leg muscles.
Little expensive. Strong smell.
you have to make sure the zipper is in the correct direction or you end up not locking the bag. However, when you get used to that it is good.
Definitely doesn't last as long as I had hoped, but I am not perfectly measuring out 1 loads worth of detergent. I just eyeball it. The bags are a little clumsy to pour, so make sure you do it over a sink and with two hands and you'll be fine. Smells good, and gets the job done. I pair it with oxyclean and it gets out any and all stains.
They are easy to work with
This really helped me out when I was having some bad day with plantar. When my feet hurt bad enough I put them on and the pain really backs down.
Not quite sure how to review this, haven't taken it long enough to know if it is protecting my skin against the harmful UV rays, or helping with regeneration yet. I do know that my dermatologist endorsed taking this, so I'm trying it. I do think the pills are large and tend to stick in your throat, so one at a time with extra water.
Good starter glasses for the "bifocal" resistant crowd . Light, comfy, might not survive? Smaller frame size, so putting them on stretches them a bit.
ok Not as sturdy as expected.
I haven't used the product consistently, but my hair does seem to be fuller since I've been using it.
This greatly reduced irritated skin (bumps, rash and ingrown hairs) Made shaving smoother too. Nice fragrance without being overwhelming.
Cheaper price for 4 times as much as the heavily advertised ones. I do wish that they were flavored though...
arrived in a timely manner - was just as described - serves its purpose - pill holder !
This is a decent product--and very simple. It does not- as far as I can see-cause any skin issues--and has little scent. It is however housed in a ridiculous large brown box--that makes no sense--and is very difficult to open
Very cute design for both the base and the controller. Soft touch silicon. Good vibration strength. Decent range on the controller. I only wish you could jump to different functions without having to cycle through them all. Still happy overall.
Not cheaply made. Keep it in yer pocket for when you have to tame that mane!
Color indicators for wet or dry, they work great but are a little pricey.
This product works well for subtle sustained energy. It does a good job of helping keep calm in stressful situations.
Not an expert here but these work great for me on my system.
Why does the delivery man think , just because he takes a picture of it in front of my door , I'm definitely going to get it??
Not bad but I'll probably not reorder.
It works fine but it's not 100 stable
Good design, works well.
I love the fact that it's vegan! And has no bad smell to it like the other brands I have tried before which was coated with gelatin. Im only giving it 4 stars because I actually counted the capsules and I have received only 112 capsules rather than 120 capsules! So that's annoying to be honest
Helps me better than Tums
this cushion was recommended by my pt. wish the covering fit it better. it offers excellent spinal support and is comfortable to sit in.
It works fine for lifting objects that are up to a few pounds, but the pulley mechanism (basically thin braided wire) breaks off when heavier objects are lifted. This is my third purchase.
Works as intended nothing special,good price though
This lube is amazing, a little bit goes a long way and the texture and consistency is amazing. It dries a little too fast, but most lubes are like that. The smell is a little funky, kinda smells like a mix of plasitc and strawberries. But overall i would recommend, and i will buy again.
Not messy. Feels nice. Dries quick. No sticky feeling. Ordered to replace a product they no longer make.
I really like the Natural Chocolate flavor, I use it more than any other flavor or brand. It doesn't mix as well as some of the others, but the ingredients are better than others I have used and the taste is pretty good. Natural French Vanilla is a little too strong for my liking on the flavor, was hoping for a more subtle vanilla flavor. I have been mixing in a small amount into iced coffee to act as a french vanilla creamer, also add a little to various things. I cannot have this as standalone, just too strong.
These socks provide great compression. They do the job and my feet/legs feel great after the end of a 12hr shift. They are thick near the foot which provides great cushion. I have 2 complaints. 1) the foot/toe part of the socks are very wide. Which can make it difficult to fit into well-fitting tennis shoes. 2) The band are the top can be very tight. I end up having to roll it down by the ned of the day. Overall, great compression. Wide toes. Thick sock with cushion
Used in our truck for long trips. Very comfy.
Works better then the other brand
The gummy has a good flavor. A little different consistency than regular vitafusion prenatal gummies.
The best stainless steel cleaner and polish. Oil based but doesn't leave an oily film.
Love this massager. It's bigger than my last one but it is pretty powerful! .... As people say, you can use it for many different reasons but mainly, it is powerful enough to vibrate your whole body! I like to use it on the back of my neck, as I have daily tightness there and stress buildup. It definitely relaxes you. The reason though that I give it a 4 is because (as others have mentioned) the buttons cannot be easily located (especially at night or if you close the lights) ... You have to fumble around and try to figure it out, otherwise, you can see the ridges of the 3 buttons, when you turn on the lights. Charging is easy enough, as it comes with a wire and you just plug it in for a few hours and it's ready to go again! I only use it for a few minutes at a time, to loosen muscles so I haven't calculated how long it lasts altogether but I have owned it for weeks now and only charged it 2 times so far, so I can clearly say, it's goes a long way and still keeps the strength. The downfall, is that when it dies, it literally just stops working and doesn't slow down first so you know to charge it soon... One second it's working and the next, it stops suddenly! That might be bad for someone who wants a heads up! There's a read light that comes on, once you have turned on the main button and they stay lit, for as long as you have the massager on. It's true that the red light is NOT aligned properly with the buttons and it looks pretty sloppy that way but it's just a small little issue and doesn't really bother me. Not sure why people would want to travel with this, it's pretty big and does indefinitely look like a sexual pleasurable toy so I wouldn't want to be caught at an airport security, having to open my bags up and pulling this out of my suitcase ... I would DIE! I usually travel with a carry-on or handbag and they always inspect those, upon your security check. Wouldn't be convenient to travel, unless you a) don't care about getting caught with it b)you have checked-in luggage and won't get caught .... or for those who don't travel, and don't care either way! lol...Overall, I would say for anything under $40 bucks, this seems legit and worth the money to invest in. It has a sturdy and solid build and the head does not rotate (just vibrates) so I think it will last a very long time. I'm also happy with the overall velvety smooth finish, it glides on my skin and feels very comfortable and soft! Great buy!!
Works well, kinda gives the tingles in your fingers. This isnt their fault but the peach mango flavor isnt great in my opinion. Its just a little too sweet and when mixed with water doesnt taste awesome. Totally could mix with juice and be good though.
I have not used the well advertised eraser sponges. I need these for my tiled kitchen wall behind my stove, sink, work area. They really worked well and made the job so much easier. I also used them on my white stove and they did fairly well. I am impressed they didn't fall apart at all.
works for me as a pick up. I only use 1/2 a tab and that is enough
I am a big fan of this style cord with a flexible fabric/metal cover. They are much more durable than typical plastic cords
I'm giving this product four stars because it does not taste bad at all. But I cannot agree with the claim that there are no residual burping. It tastes like a light oil going down and the pineapple flavor is very light.
I was taking these 4 in the afternoon and then for the evening and had moderate results. I've been started taking 8 together under my tongue and have noticed a much better result from this. My plan is to do a NAD infusion and alternate between an infusion and then pills. I'm doing this because I had low energy. I'm definitely not bouncing off the walls, but I do find that I have long-lasting consistent energy. My sleep is deeper my dreams lately have been very Vivid and very odd but nothing too terrifying or harmful just deeper dreams for some reason. I think what I like best is that my mood is so much better and my outlook is so much more positive. I just feel a deeper sense of happiness, wholeness and completeness. Please remember though I have had a NAD infusion so I don't know if that is enhancing the pills. Either way I've made a great choice!
Only complaint is that it smells too sweet, kind of like scented markers
This is a big set for earwax remover. I'm using it couple time. It's good. I'm try not to use it too often. So far I like it.
It worked pretty well. I didn't see a ton of difference at first but in combination with a tablet featuring bleach it finally got rid of most of the disgusting gunk in my toilet. It still isn't clean enough to eat out of but it's much better.
Sometimes it cuts the pills so harshly that it flings the half into another section of the device, that when you open the lid, empties out the backside.
Works great. No problems
great at getting you pumped up. directions said one scoop and it was more than enough
4 Star because some coffee and tea stains just do not clean up as easy as Comet but with Corian Soft Scrub is recommended.
It is soothing and may help retard the onset of cataracts. If that could be proven I would give it ten stars.
Seemed to work for me. I noticed an increase in alertness.
pricing could be lower
I'm a licensed cosmetologist, I ordered this wax pot for my salon and love it. It heats up very fast, although the lid does not stay on the best, if you keep it in one spot I definitely recommend.
Love the convenience of these wash towelettes. We use them after riding razors thru mud and dust. Will leave the skin feeling tight and dry if you do not wash with water after using them.
Bought this for my mom she loves it. I got her the blue one hoping she had fun with it.
For the price this product had a variety to choose from. The ball gag was my favorite, but the nipple clamps and the handcuffs we're good to. Everything in this set is comfortable, adjustable, and very nice quality
the toothbrush was a gift and it works very well for a 10 yr old.
This product seems to be working well and helping with my sugar and carb cravings. It's kind of pricey so I'm trying this bottle to see if I notice any results in weight loss, energy or some other measurable means of determining if it's helping or not.
Had the flu and and took this and it helped get over my flu that lased about a month.
The mask is comfortable and does not hinder sleep. It has slid off a few times, but not excessively. No light gets in.
My wife and I take six pills a day and are very easy to swallow. I have trusted this brand for almost two years and it has the most affordable price in the market. We have been taking it by its nutritional values other than trying to cure any ailments. I the past we used the Sun Chlorella but their prices are up in the sky.
Pretty good ingredients and flavor, but not enough to justify the price. Also tends to foam up when shaken. Others I have tried don't do this. Be careful opening your shaker after a good mixing, contents under pressure.
I got this sample size protein cookies and I really enjoyed it. It taste like chocolate chip but you also get the protein flavor in it which I don't mind. Perfect snack during the day
Better then average, and good KNOWN brand item..
WORKS GREAT FOR THE FOOT RECOVERY
Product came in great condition. Definitely use this while standing at a desk. Walking is way too painful but sitting won't apply enough pressure. I'm happy with the product quality but is it actually helping with anything? I don't think I've used it enough to really know.
Our guest who wore this took it off and put back on all nite... made him smile... winner winner
They are perfect. I had to use them for my dog and his formula worked smoothly in them. I definitely will be buying more.
I was looking for a good tumeric product to help with arthritis in my knees. I have just placed my second order as I am seeing results. I will continue ordering!
The shower chair was easy to put together and the grip bar was easy to attach to the shower wall and it didn't come off like another one that I bought and had to return. I like the chair because it it is lite and easy to carry around in the bathroom. A good deal.
Straws are nice and durable. However they are closer to 9.5 inches long and very thick. They will not fit through the holes in the top of your cups.
I purchased this product to help relieve my hot flashes. I've only taken it for a couple weeks now, so will have to wait for another month or so before I know the results.
Colors are a little different than the picture but I'm satisfied
does not relieve pain but has the fish oil supplements
Decided after 5 years of my child not sleeping I'd try something new. Item arrived on time. No complaints in flavor from my daughter. The pills are small and dissolve easily. Works like a charm. I give them to her 30 minutes before bedtime and she has been sleeping without problem.
Seemed used and returned without proper packaging for wires. Decent massage but for people over 5'6"
If you need to clean out, this is the stuff. Be prepared to be near the toilet with plenty of time to use it. No cramping or discomfort but lots of action. If you still don't get relief, you should head to the clinic.
I like the product a lot and the container it come in
I FEEL MORE HYDRATED.
Allows the air to circulate in and around the bottle while drying. A hygenic place to dry and store the bottle. Can keep the rinse packets inside the stand base.
Lets see how it works
Helps with stomach irritability, but definitely gave me an odd minty after taste about 45 minutes after ingesting. It takes some time to get used too, but does help with stomach symptoms if taken regularly.
I like the packaging and the pistol grip sprayer. Not using long enough to see results. It is a bit oily and has a distinct smell....not objectionable but not pleasant either. I am applying it to my husband's hip for arthritis. He is okay with the feel of it. Only used for a couple of days applying at night in bed. He did not feel instant relief but did say he felt a bit better in the morning. Hence the four stars. I am hopeful that with time the results will be even better.
Some of the stuff is flimsy
Bought to help with sleeping as I had read. I forget to take all the time so not sure how well it works but when I do take I think it may help just slightly..
I love having a probiotic and vitamin in one and the price is great compared to buying them separately. However, my kiddo is not a fan of the taste and they do have an odd smell. I like the Zarbees brand, so I was hopeful! We'll keep looking for a similar product though because I did notice the health benefit they had. Of course that only works if they kid is willing to take them regularly.
I bought this for a causal co-Ed baby shower I was throwing for a friend. The color of the decorations were accurate to the picture. For some reason I thought “it's a girl” was a balloon so I was disappointed it was only made of cardboard. Lost assembly is required to but it was fairly easy (husband was not happy to be tasked with this job) but the decorations turned out beautifully.
I WOULD BUY THIS AGAIN
The product looks just like the picture. I wish I could have give 3 4/5 stars. Because I am not sure I like it. I does not warm my neck like advertised. But does shut-off frequently.
Does it whiten? Not sure but it makes my teeth feel clean.
I did notice that when I take this my thinking seems to be better.
Has worked very well for me!
Good product, but directions for straps had pictures with black on black images, making it hard to determine how to put straps. Pain was improved within a few hours of wearing.
Buy these all the time. Love them
This has a mild chalky taste which isn't too bad, but it does leave a bad after taste in my mouth. I mix it in a little bit of grape juice. I suppose it would taste better in a full glass of juice, but I'm watching my carbs and calories. I'd rather take pills, but these really is the most economical way to go. The body can only absorb 500 mg of calcium at a time, so I need to do this 3-4 times a day for my osteoporosis. It comes with a tiny measuring spoon to measure out 500 or 1000 mg portions. Calcium Citrate is much better absorbed than calcium carbonate. Don't waste your money on calcium carbonate.
True to description arrived promptly
This products cleans me out every time I take it. It's great! NOW on the label it says that it blends well with coffee but it really doesn't. It's oil and water they don't mix duh! I drink black coffee and I can see the pool of oil at the top
Seems to work pretty good. Pain of arthritis has been decreased from 6/10 to 3/10. Taste isn't too bad.
Loved everything about this brace except that it seems a little too tight on my upper arm, even though it is adjustable. It may be that I am not yet comfortable with wearing the brace and the material may actually relax a little with use. It definitely provides proper support and the material is of high quality. Yep, I'm gonna keep it!
I use this product to boost my energy, and curb my appetite around lunch time. I really like the results!
Nothing really exciting
Have been watching a lot of Dr. Berg videos and recently started using this product for general detox. I have been taking these in addition to adrenal support and have seen a huge difference - much better sleep, less bloating, a sense of relaxed feeling, lesser anxiety/mood swings and overall a notch up in feeling. I believe these 2 supplements are part of Dr. Berg's daily diet which I am planning to follow soon.
Well made and light. Slides very well. After a month of use have had a splinter or two come from banged corners that I had to sand off
Both my girlfriend & I seem to see lot better & stronger nails, they grow faster too! And our hair seem some what healthier & thicker too! We have been reordering it for the last 3 months now ! STU HS
I'm working on my BSN and my program required that we have our own BP cuff and stethoscope. Since the ratings were so high and the price was for this bundle was the same as most of the other highly rated, reasonably priced BP cuffs, I decides to go ahead and bite. I figured I might as well try to kill two birds with one stone. The cuff is amazing, I'm so pleased with the quality! In fact, all of my class mates prefer to use my cuff over theirs and the ones that are available in lab! The sound from the stethoscope is crystal clear. It is better than my littmann. The problem is that not only are the ear pieces difficult to situate in the ear, they are very painful! I would have given this set a 5 star rating if it had not been for that!
Delivered as promised; looks like it will do the job
I bought this tool for a Chiropractor friend in Rome. He couldn't find it in Italy. He told me that he like the tool and is very useful for his job.
I reordered this recently, and had not taken it for a couple weeks, and my hip hurt a lot more the last few days. So I am starting the pills again, will report in a few weeks, while this time I will take them every day! But so far so good!
Not as sturdy as it should be for a device that cleans carpets, but if you hold the handle gently it works great.
Disliked that it burned when in contact with mucous membrane, use for adhesion not lube.
Works well but hard to fit in a shoe.
Not very cold. Ice works better. I guess 5 minutes of cool is better than nothing (if you have no true Ice pack)
My wife had sensitive teeth, so these worked great for her. Nice minty taste that isn't too overpowering.
Was very pleased with the weight of the utensils. The fork was used this afternoon and it worked to reduce the shaking.
I ended up returning. The high setting didn't work as high. More like low. Easy return. It looks soft but too bad it doesn't work properly.
One of the best kitchen talk bags on the market. Very sturdy and many have pleasant scents. Used to use Glad, but tried Hefty and haven't gone back.
Way better than I expected! mixes really well with just water. I use a eletric blender however I believe it could mix well on a shake bottle as well. I purchased the chocolate flavor it has a dark chocolate taste, which I personally appreciate. Slightly weird after taste but nothing that will make you gag. I will definitely purchase again!
It was a funny surprise on our anniversary to wake up to this toilet paper! It was also way over priced. It's one roll of tp for $12 definitely a one time buy. It's like Scott tp
Full charge did't last long as I hope it would, but it work just fine.
Very cool but not exactly the same color I was expecting something more brown looking, as on the picture, but it is more yellowish/greenish
Nice condom but same feel as their standard condom.
I'm allergic and this lotion calmed my allergies. It's a great alternative to Vick's and it's pretty mild so I even used for my two year old when he had the sniffles. The directions say to put on bottom of feet, chest and temples. Works nicely.
I suffer from fibromyalgia. My doctor suggested zinc to help with my memory issues. I have seen a slight improvement. I love that is non-gmo, vegan, and gluten-free. There is also no mast flavor or bad aftertaste
Feels like the real thing suction works good too doesn't have a smell to it when first opened and feels soft and smooth! Worth the money
I had surgery on my leg and used saran wrap with this tape to keep water away from surgical area. I know this isn't meant for a shower and water, but it did great! It seems like once water penetrated, it would all loosen up very quickly. Again it is not meant for water, but i was very impressed. So if any of you want to take a shower and recently had surgery, I would recommend this. I had used other tapes claiming they were waterproof and did horrible. If I were using this as intended, I would have rated 5 stars.
I really do think these have helped regrow the hair I lost after having a baby and nursing for a year. They are nice to take, almost like a little snack or after dinner dessert because they are sweet like a gummy candy. They do have a bit of a funny aftertaste, but I can easily look past that for their benefits.
Stronger than I thought so I have adapted the dosage for my needs. You will have to test it for yourself. To much puts me to sleep. I use it a lot at bedtime. Directions say to turn the top one way to open, but my bottle opens the other way. It took me 4 days trying to open the bottle until I tried the other way. I will probably purchase again.
My husband is trying this to help bring up his platelet count. He said it is pretty good but is bitter. Just added a little honey to sweeten up.
I purchased this item off Woot.com for $50, then it was on Amazon for $25 a week later so I purchased this one and returned the other to woot! Not worth $50, but $25 is reasonable. There are a variety of sounds, the white noise options are weird though. I only use the first two, not the other eight because they have such strange increasing pitch, they are too irritating. I like all the different fan sounds, #3 is my favorite. This is going to sound crazy but every once in a while when I'm on the edge of falling asleep, I start to hear a crowd cheering and applauding, almost like a concert. It sounds distant, but EXTREMELY distinct. Sometimes I wonder if the employee that put this thing together overlaid part of a concert recording for 20 seconds of each loop or something, it blows my mind every time. This works great though and it gets very loud! Perfect upgrade from my 9 year old fan!
Made it to my house successfully. Haven't tried. pills look big but look legit.
Just started taking this multivitamin. I have a sensitive stomach and it has not bother me at all. It is a rather large pill, the width of a quarter and about a half inch thick. It can be a challenge to swallow and too thick to cut. I am only a few days in to taking it and will give a more thorough review after I've used it for a few weeks.
Been looking for a replacement track ball for some time now. Found this one and gave it a try. Took a bit to break in, movement was stiff at first, but after about a week now it's very smooth. Recommend this if you are searching for a trackball.
No dropper to slow the flow of the oil.
I love the multi function speeds on it. being on my feet all day it really helps
Due to the type of surgery I had the ends of my scar kind of puckered up. This helped tremendously in laying the skin down tight. You may need to follow instructions about gradually building up in wearing it I didnt and it was kind of aching from wearing it. You wouldn't believe something so little would do that, but since it does its job it's worth it.
This product holds hair well. it is excellent if you have a sensitivity to most hair products. Most all shampoos, gels and hairsprays make my head itch. I have absolutely no itching since using all of the Free and Clear products. It was recommended to me by an Allergy Doctor.
Just received this and had it twice so far. I put it in my smoothie and I couldn't really taste it. Read reviews stating you can't taste in water. So I tried it that way as well. Definitely CAN taste it in water and if you can tolerate it that way, go you. It's chalky and doesn't dissolve like some reviews stated. Not from I've noticed. Will right another update review when this container is finished.
I received this item and was quite pleased with it. I would not hesitate to purchase another.
I've notice my focus, endurance, energy, clarity, strength, and presence in my body have increased while taking these pills the last few days. My mood is a little better and the more focus and presence within my body and mind help me choose the right food. I can go more miles, lift more weight, and do more reps. I haven't checked my weight, but just how I feel after taking them the past few days I would definitely try purchasing them again.
First time using this type of razor and I'm happy with the results. Very close and clean shave. Take some getting used to, especially if you plan on shaving your head. I had a few cuts... worth the price and delivery was quick.
They taste good but not my favorite.
I Highly Suggest Using This Product To Clean Your System. It Works Great.
they are a tiny smaller than I thought.
Everything is working.
I bought the product because I was having issues with odor especially after having sex. I'm finishing my first bottle and thought taking only one pill a day would work but found that two pills a day (the recommended dosage) worked so much better. My odor has greatly dissipated and comes back immediately if I stop taking the pills and my discharge is normal. I highly recommend to anyone having issues.
I saw someone on youtube recomend a wand like this with 6 barrels, but it was well over 100 dollars. This one is a great deal, I got a variaty of barrels for under 50. I love that it brings the thing to tie the cord. It took me serveral tries to get use to removing the barrels, but it works great. I just wished that it had more options for the temperature and a bag to save it in, would be perfect!
These pills came on time and are packaged very nicely. I can already tell my appetite has lessened and I can't wait to see results after longer use!
Reduced my wife's snoring significantly. I'd give it 5 stars if she would knock it out during her sleep. When it's in, it works!
not a huge noticeable change but I do feel as though I have more energy and focus through workouts.
Dissolves and mixes great! Best creatine for the $
I bought this to add to my water pick and it is amazing. It helps my mouth feel so clean. I also love you can't use to much as it is very strong. So it will last long I'm so cheap so the longer it last the less time I have to purchase.
Easy to use, would be nice if there was a written explaination of each setting.
This product truly helped my heal pain.
All I can say is that it is very soothing to my stomach, which is upset most of the time. I would recommend.
I wear reading glasses when working on the computer but these actually make things easier to see. I wasn't sure they would work & offer me some comfort but I thought I would try them out. I can tell a difference in the amount of eye strain and headaches I would ordinarily have at the end of a long work day. My eyes don't burn as badly and I don't suffer from near the headaches I had been. I literally am staring at a computer monitor from nearly the time I get up until the time I got to bed so my eyes needed some kind of protection. These seem to be working quite well.
helps with sinus problems
My LO had one of the worst rashes I've seen and this stuff helped clear it quickly. I now use it with every diaper change and I haven't had anymore rashes. We use cloth diapers so I can't use just any butt cream. I haven't had issues with this and my cloth diapers.
the price is great but the taste is hard to deal with use with strong juice or capsule
Kind of expensive as the product runs out fast . - works. but still white marks on clothes
Has been helping with toe nail fungus where other specifically toe nail fungus products have failed.
Helps with my arthritis in my knees. The pills aren't too large either.
Works ok but not as good as hoped
These are convenient, work well, and have no nasty odor. Clothing comes out fresh and clean, without smelling like a chemical factory.
I bought this product to help snoring and help with grinding as well. Helps for both. It is a little big but once I got used to it the mouth guard did well. I would purchase this again.
It taste great w/ milk, and hold plenty of powder for alot of uses, also comes with a scoop. As for it's effects, well it is a good protein powder, there isn't much else to be said. I would suggest pairing it with some Amino Acids. NOT TOGETHER separate drinks (Amino Acids are best in water and are usually fruit flavored).
I like that it feels good on my hand it feels snug on my thumb and wrist it does not bother at all. What I don't like is that I thought it would be a cloth material, it feel like a balloon material.
Great beginner toy. It doesn't have quite the power of some but the design and materials are well constructed. Pros: great size and feel Cons: the magnetic charger can come off easily
I like almost everything about this organizer; size, sliding lid, labeling, and bag. If I could suggest from personal experience; I would label both ends of the containers. Most importantly; I would extend the elastic fabric on the ends all the way to the bottom fold. There are occasions when pills have "escaped" the containers with the sliding lid sliding a bit and a pill or two escapes. Now they fall out and could enter the twilight zone and I fear for children and pets. With the enclosure as I described; they would be contained in the bag. Otherwise; I do like the product very much, just careful with it.
It works great. I just follow the directions and it turns out great.
Have been using it for about 2 weeks and see some changes. Excited to see more changes by the time I finish the bottle.
On time, and just what I ordered
This fragrance really nails the cupcake smell. Smells like vanilla cupcakes.
Good tasting and keeps you full!! Lemon are good as well
Liking this product so far
Definitely fun... got it to relax myself and absolutely it helped a lot. It felt too soft and the breasts were plump. Two holes are definitely tight enough and the mouth was crazy with teeth, but those are just some plastic ones and with tongue, it definitely had a different feel. Not so big, just a decent size.
Took 3 of these per day, each with a full meal and over time I got fuller faster and wasn't craving junk food all the time! Haven't necessarily seen any difference on the outside but I feel more energized!
Don't really see a huge difference in my performance while drinking this, but I do like the taste and drink it any way just in case it's helping some haha. It isn't equal to a prework out though and doesn't give me the shakes which is good.
Great product for the price.
I can see how this would work for some which is why I gave it 4 stars however on me it rubbed my underarms so it wasn't very comfortable.
Fit nice. Comfortable. They are quite tight but that's the purpose of these socks. Just wish the design did not come up the back of the sock. I wear a pair every day and so far they are holding up nicely.
I have noticed a small increase in my libido. Also a little more energy
They seem to be working and I didn't have any problem with them so far, except for they are abit hard to swallow for me otherwise works great
It's a bit early to tell but I think these will serve the purpose I bought them for- my son needs to strengthen his hand muscles to improve his hand writing so we are starting with these.
works great smells OK will continue to use and recommend.
These earplugs work really well! they fit into your ear and provide enough muffle to allow me to enjoy a concert. Most concerts are played at a volume that hurts my ears. I love these earplugs. They are a huge improvement over the cheaper variety that you have to smash down and try to push into your ears. These provide more of a muffling, too. I believe it is a minimum of 20 dB which helps a lot. Good fit and easy to wear.
Seems that it would work well but the bulbous plug is probably to large for a beginner. Great vibrations and modes! Because of its insertion girth it will sit in the 📦
This was great until 10 minutes later...dang it! Latex. I had to return it but if it were latex free I'd still own it. Excellent alternative for tubeless homes.
works great for on the go
I like that this powder has no flavor and can be mixed in to soup or savory dishes just as easily as I can mix it in to my morning oatmeal. I have also struggled with finding a protein powder with no artificial sweetener or stevia in it. This fit those requirements and I wanted the collagen because I have autoimmune and osteoarthritis. Supposedly the collagen will help with that but after 3 weeks of using it, I can't tell a significant difference. Part of that is because I can only use 1/2 scoop at a time or I get the toots. I had read reviews about others experiencing that and considering that this powder is a derivative of cows and I don't eat beef, I was cautious right from the start. I will use the remainder of the container but I will also look for a replacement due to the fact that there is only 10g protein per scoop. So since I'm only able to do 1/2 scoop at a time, it's really only adding 5g protein
This is a decent product but does not come with any instructions (which you will need if it's the first time you are using a derma roller at home). The roller cannot be changed out, but for me, it's not a feature I was looking for when I bought this product. To clean it, I pour alcohol on it and allow it to dry.
I was starting to get the burning / numb hands at night, I have large hands and was concerned about the "One size fits all" it fit fine, I have ordered 2 sets of these, one I keep in my travel bag, my only negative on these is the Velcro could be a little stronger / durable
This is a lovely hematite bracelet with a small Buddha head. Very shiny
Definitely makes a difference in kidney discomfort
This is really one of the better tasting proteins out there. Would buy it again if it was made using stevia.
Tastes HORRIBLE! But, I felt a cold coming on and took this stuff and it seems to have scared my cold off. I plug my nose while drinking and then drink some juice and eat some almonds right after, and it dampens the taste a little.
Great product, vitamins coming from food instead of a lab! Good price but it has jumped recently.
This is better than chocolate!
Husband used it for knee pain after total replacement
Works good. I just wish the tube was a little wider to allow for faster flushing of water. Other than that no problems yet
I like that this totally contains the entire mattress. I have a topper on my Ikea mattress & this cover holds them together and keeps them protected. It was a little difficult to put it on by yourself.
Freezes well stays cold
LOVE IT BUT VERY EXPENSIVE
There was a permanent air leak and I could not get a reading toward the end. I will say, however, that I did love this thing. I feel like I got my money's worth for the price. WHen my BP was in turmoil this got me through some tough times by keeping me informed of my state. Now that I have stabilized it doesnt work so great. Ultimately, I do feel i got my money's worth but if i needed this for long term BP monitoring, i would be giving a different review.
I usually don't write reviews but felt the need to share my opinion on this one. My 6 year old broke his elbow requiring pins and a full arm cast a week before spring break. We wanted at least one beach day... even if it was just playing in the sand and not the water. I purchased this product but was really nervous at first telling my son to not submerge his arm completely under the water- well he listened like any typical 6 year old. With in 5 minutes he was swimming with the fish. I checked it right away and his cast was completely dry. Very pleased with this purchase! The only thing I didn't like was how hard it was to put on but if you follow the directions (like I did the second time) it wasn't bad at all. He didn't complain of it being too tight on his arm either. Great product!
Bought for wife, she enjoys how soothing and relaxing the sounds are. Looking forward to taking it camping next summer.
very nice easy to put on
Very good, very tight-fitting, INSTANT pain relief from osteo arthritis throbbing ache. Beats the living snot out of having to take pills. Easy to clean, wash in warm and dry on hot and they are like brand-new again. Takes me nearly a year to wear out a pair of these gloves and I wear gloves daily as a necessity. You don't have to trust me, at these prices you can buy a pair for yourself and just become a believer like everyone else. GREAT gloves, man.
Very cute set of balloons. A few of the clear balloons wouldn't float. I guess the items inside were just a bit too heavy. You'll need more ribbon as what was included wasn't enough.
Good price, very fast delivery.
Did it's job. Like it a lot
I love this stuff. I have one scoop a day mixed with my green tea.
Works well though slightly louder than I hoped.
Wow! I would absolutely give this preworkout 5 stars but the taste(to me) is absolutely disgusting. I have to drink it in one big gulp to get it down. I've been adding creatine to it which makes it about 5% less gag worthy. But aside from the taste this is the best preworkout I've tried so far!! Lasting energy, and great focus. It enables me to play with my kids and keep going after my workout which is great for moms who can't stop!
Have to supplement my diet due to bariatric surgery. This is a great supplement.
My wife uses this on her restless legs at night & it helps her a great deal . Easy to use & does a good job .
Overall, we loved this reveal balloon. The confetti falls nice and slow so you can easily get a lot of great pictures! The balloon is not see through so you cannot attempt to see the color or the confetti. It comes with an extra balloon which we actually needed! The florist at the store that filled the balloon had trouble getting it large enough though I believe it was due to the way they had their tank positioned. My sister had to have them pop the first one and remove all of the confetti and use the second one! The balloon did not float with the weight of the confetti like I see some others float. We ended up taping a string to the ceiling and holding the balloon while popping which ended up working just fine. Overall, great product with lots of extra supplies. We had a really fun time!
I've been using DivaCup for about 5 years now. This material of this cup is lighter/thinner than DivaCup and just feels more snug when it's in there. Of course, maybe it's just me, but I still leak a little bit if I don't put it correctly I guess? With this cup I've had less instances of that happening, though.
I can't believe how comfortable these are. Only problem is they pull out of place when putting socks on. You just have to cinch the socks all the way to yhe toes before putting them on. Not a big deal.
Theses are ok for some things but not as soft as previous one I own. Leaves fuzz on car.
Item itself is great, however the 4 star rating is because it arrived 2 days later than what was expected.
cane tip doesn't slip
Very chewy.. 10 seconds in microwave softens them up
They are easy to use and individually packaged. They didnt arrive the day amazon said it was a couple days later but the product is good.
It's works as well as it's supposed to if any of us would actually take the time to stare at it for 20 minutes. It's so hard to look away from my phone for more than 2 minutes, other than to look at my TV screen for the rest of the time that I live and breathe that it's difficult to make time to Blind myself and get that sweet sweet vitamin D. It's not actually that blinding , and you just have to have it in your peripheral. It's a good product and it's a lot more compact than some other models I've had in the past.
Considering the source, this is good product and taste great.
Have to say, this is relieves so much of stress...feels real and easy to clean and also keep it secure too...
Loved the color, but it peeled off a little too easy!
Like the heater and easy draining
I do a lot of handwork and crafting at home. I also work in a quilt shop. My wrists and thumbs have been inflamed with tendonitis so I purchased these wrist supports to dry. I like that they leave my fingers well exposed and can get wet, unlike some other products on the market. For the most part, I forget they are on. Sometimes, I do feel my hands getting a little sweaty while wearing this product. But, they do seem to give me the extra support I need as I work through healing.
4 stars just because I'm waiting 30 days to see full results. Such a well put together product, Nice ingredient panel - I'm excited to see how this helps my eye strain from computer work in the long run.
I couldn't get to the store to get more (I have a broken ankle so I have to rely on others for shopping, so ordered these as I was running low, didn't have anyone to shop for me for a week) I hadn't used this brand yet. I had a blister form over one incision from the reconstruction surgery that is still healing now that the splint was removed. These pads worked for my needs in a pinch. They are not as thick so not as much padding between the wound and sock with the walking boot. Also it did stick a bit, I think because of rubbing. So I dampen it to remove so it isn't painful. I think if I didn't have to wear the tight boot that rubs, they would probably not stick at all. They worked for me and the price was good until I could get someone to the store to get the thicker more padded ones (a brand that I couldn't find on amazon)
Good product for price, weight is accurate
I really liked that this product didn't contain sugar. The taste is smooth and mild, as opposed to some other brands I have tried in the past. After using this, I felt calmer throughout my body, especially my arms and legs. I felt this more when I was sitting down or relaxing. I am not really sure how many mg I did, but I did about half a dropper full. I've since started to increase the dose slightly. I am using this mainly for my anxiety. I do feel it calms me down.
I did not realize that it's for kids 4 and older. This was recommended for my son who is 3. I've heard great things about it but refuse to give it to my son until he is 4.
A little big but it works great once you learn how to handle it (I have very curly/puffy hair and it gave me a natural straightened style)
This is my first pair of reading glasses (yes, I use the anti-bluelight glasses as reading glasses). I stare at computer screens for long hours as part of my job. My eyes get tired which often lead to headaches at the end of the day. After wearing this light weight and stylish reading glasses, my headaches are pretty much gone and I receive quite a few good comments from my coworkers about my stylish spectacles.
Better understanding on what I should not eat while on it.
Sceptical at first it does take couple of weeks to start working. Follow schedule diligently
I know this seems counter-intuitive since this isn't an antiperspirant, but this natural deodorant has completely cleared up my hyperhidrosis. Perhaps I've been reacting poorly to the chemicals in the traditional deodorants I've been using? In any case, I really love the feel and smell of this product and I'm glad it's natural and isn't tested on animals. Plus, it doesn't mark up or stain my clothes! My only wish is that the sticks contained more product or lasted longer. All around, highly recommended.
A little 2 thin for me but not 2 bad
The foot massage is good, would be great if a little harder. I live when it massages in reverse
Easy to swallow pills. I am taking for egg quality, but I believe the L Carnitine also provides and extra boost for weight loss.
These came quickly Nicely packaged. They are soft and fit well over my pinky toe where I have a tailors bunion. It was easy to put on with shoes however kept sliding off and would become painful if not on properly. Even when they are they are a little uncomfortable not too bad though. I dunno if it helps correct the issue yet only been using a week.
Would be better if lit
Does what it is supposed to. Received order quickly and accurately.
I originally ordered this machine and it only worked for about a day. I reached out to them and they went ahead and sent out another machine which has now been working for a couple of days just as it should. They handled the situation properly and the machine puts out a decent amount of fragrance.
For a post workout it is probably top 3 on the market. So for the Bad: Dosages for most of the 3 in 1 key features of this product: Creatine, BCAAs and Glutamine are all really low dosages and the recommended are almost twice what are offered here per scoop. You of course can rectify this by taking like a scoop and a half but this is a fairly expensive product. The taste of this product gets a solid D in my eyes, the lime and lemon tastes like battery acid. So for the Good: Quality control for the product is the best in the business, you are going to get quality ingredients and they are going to be consistent. I am a big supporter of post workout recovery drinks and this product will based on my experience help your recovery and help build muscle faster.
I have used Tiger Balm for years. After hurting my shoulder {rotator cuff}, I ordered these patches to cover a bigger area for a longer time. They work well. They do smell strong (just like the salve does) and I find I have to use athletic tape so they stick longer but except for these two small issues, these things are great.
Have used it in a couple types of hot beverages and find it is tasteless and odorless, which is good. The only complaint is that it takes an extra amount of time using a whisk to incorporate it into the the beverage; otherwise, it clumps--in the beverage, to the sides and to the whisk. Other powders of other products whisk clean. Otherwise, I would've given it 5 stars.
It's ok. It is what it says it is.
Works well, no sensitivity, the taste isn't the best but nothing that whitens teeth really tastes good does it??
product is fine - it is being used for after surgery
You knew it was herbal.
Great product! Have bought it two times.
Good sturdy quality product...nice touch to our reveal party.
I have purchased a different brand, mistakenly. I guess I fat fingered it. And I don't care for the gritty-mess in the bottom of my coffee cup. I love your product.
Smooth fabric, very comfortable. I thought it would form around my nose more, but that may have just been my misunderstanding. Very satisfied with this purchase!
I got this product to help with my skin health and nails. My nails tend to break off easily and my skin is dry. In using this product, I have noticed subtle changes. My hair is a bit softer and so are my skin and my nails are growing in stronger. The only drawback to this is the dosage, it isn't quite clear to me, it says one scoop but I was never sure how much one scoop was, so I used a spoon. It probably would be easier in a capsule form, but all in all It doesn't have any flavor and I simply added it to my coffee 2 times a day.
They do a great job in helping make sure my ostomy flange attaches to my skin firmly.
Great unique feeling comb. Just make sure you periodically tighten the screw.
The medical oxygen bag was fine. The problem is that I ordered the bag without checking the dimensions. The bad I got was way too big for my oxygen tanks, I am able to use it anyway; I just wish it were shorter.
Really good quality but my hubs complained that the pointy end hurts him from inside of my when I'm on top (says it's a little too pointy). Will be purchasing a silicone model
This cream helps my lower back pain immensely. I get very sore after housework and physical activity. This helps the stiffness and works great for the pain.
I like this eye cover very comfortable. I use it every morning as day light gets through the windows. In the warm days it feels very warm and sweaty on my face as it covers almost half my face. The rubber band strap is already pretty loose and I got it not very long ago.
It is body friendly, and no after effects.
These make me feel relaxed and helped in sleeping...
So far so good I purchased it for my dogs ACL injury and he seems to be getting better and putting weight on the leg now. Might try it on my knees!
Love this flavor hard to find in stores buy it here.
The only reason I didn't give a 5 star is because it wasn't as fitting as I would like for it to be. However, it stays in place for the most part and covers the whole table. I just wish the company would make the ones that are fitted. That would be perfect.
Felt like it could be relatively comfortable however it was too small so could not use.
Smart looking cane. Folds down nicely with the included clip. No problems to take on board when flying. I have damaged knee cartilage and find that the cane helps very well when I am walking. My only negative comment is that I am 5' 10" and whilst I find the height adjustment perfect for me at the lowest adjustable position i.e smallest cane height, this cane is probably going to be too tall for individuals of smaller stature
I used this on a hurricane power supply and..WOW! great liner but superb shader. And it has a beautiful custom design..
I just wasn't consistent it did make me eat more than usual didn't diet didn't exercise
Very useful, nice attachments, the heat function is fast and helps calm muscle pain.
Who cares if it's sweet??? That added lactose has no place in medicine. It's not supposed to be a candy but a remedy.
Extremely moisturizing but the ones with fragrance are very unpleasant smelling
Strap is slightly large and slips when I am rubbing in my cellulite oil. I wish the brissels were slightly longer (for better results). Decent product. Exactly as pictured.
One of the wands did not match the others and the plastic melted a bit on the wands.
It's ok doesn't mix well, clumpy
Don't last quite as long as copper tops, but a much better buy.
My physician had been after me to lower my bad cholesterol and increase my good. Last year I started taking these and as of my last set of labs my numbers have definitely change in the direction he was looking for. Nature's made flaxseed oil is the only real change I had made.
I have used these for three nights now. I had mild planter fasciitis and just sore feet. PF does feel better. As far as energy, I usually have no problem getting up in morning. The only difference between other reviews is that this doesn't help me to sleep better. About one minute after I put them on, feet start to feel this weird sensation, almost achy. Maybe it's the pad attacking the toxins? It's weird to wake up with a black pad in the morning when I know my feet are clean. Maybe there is a trick and it has to do with the lack of air or something. Idk. I am going to keep using them for the 10 days and see if my PF and regular foot soreness is gone. For now, it seems to be improving. I just don't like how my feet feel with pads on, but that's just me.
Great shampoo and conditioner that have improved the condition of my over-processed hair. I only with that the conditioner was the same size as the shampoo.
The picture is misleading. It looked a lot bigger than is actually is. It went in so quickly and when i wore it around the base didn't keep it from going in further so the whole thing disappeared inside me. This is great for beginners but for the average or experienced user you will need something bigger. To give an idea of the size, if you can put in a cue ball in with no problem then this is to small for you. I would buy from them again just because it was shipped so quickly and discretely.
A gift for my sis, she loves it!
The people who say this product tastes great are either bots/fake reviews or real people with no taste buds. It tastes disgusting. It's also an alarming shade of blue, so you may frighten your spouse if you wear this to bed. But it does work pretty well to stop the sensitivity from bleaching my teeth and it seems to keep them from staining again as quickly.
Works great for a generic.
I put this in a hot cereal made from golden flax seed kernels. These hemp seeds added to the mix makes for more flavour and added nutritional value.
This is just fine and does the trick
I held back on a star because sometimes it takes a while to capture a reading. Not sure if it's the unit or me. When I readjust it works fine.
It is a good product. Easy to take & reasonably priced.
Used the product to polish over the sealer on painted concrete floors. It is the best sealer I have tried so far.
I have bought two of these, one was snug and firm, and the other was sloppy and loose. I had to put clips on the one, and the other is fine. It doesn't come with the clips, but I guess you can ask for them. I will buy more. Just want a bit more consistency. Still a good over priced product.
Product came well protected and accurate per description.
I purchased the Toasted Almond. It's good but, still a little chalky. Didn't really taste like almonds either. I might try a different flavor in the future.
After years of pain from a bulged disc nothing helped stared taking the omega capsules and my pain was significantly reduced.
Great product for clearing up your sinuses, extremely long lasting scent, highly recommend!
Should be organizes so that a week at a time can be taken out.
My second order for my dad. Seems to be good but I don't feel any change in skin or hair yet that it should help with
Seems to be working effectively. Use it to help me get to sleep and stay asleep.
My husband likes these insoles. They are padded, without making the shoe too tight.
Great for the money...
Very easy way to monitor your BP great peice of equipment
The bag is 6 inch x 12 inches wide when folded and about an inch thick when it is unfolded to hang it is 12 inch wide and 16 inches long. You're going to need a big purse if you planning on putting in your purse but fine for large suitcase. Will hold a lot of large necklaces and jewelry in the inside zipper pockets.
It doesn't the job in 2mins or less but it's really loud
I've had this for a week now. Let me start by saying that it works well. I love how it can be set on high or low with several options for time. The light works great . Not bright (that can be a plus or minus). My gripe with it is the sound. It runs quiet but not quiet enough for light sleepers. Then there's the beeping. It has a loud beep when you set the timer. When it shuts off, it beeps once again. To make matters worse, it beeps twice when it's out of water which I discovered the other night. If I could figure out how to make it silent, I would give it 5 stars. But for now, I'll just run it during the day (or until I figure out which resistor creates the beep lol jk)
Used it a couple times before I realized I just don't have enough hair for a nice mustache...too bad, I really like the scent.
It works and quickly! The menthol is a very powerful odor and it made my eyes water. I applied this cream with another aspirin based cream and that reduced the menthol aroma.
These are the third set of Patella straps that I've gone through with each set getting a significant structural upgrade. These are by far my favorite as it has very good padding and the structural integrity makes sure that the straps stay on while Im exercising. For people struggling with patella tendonitis, I would highly recommend these.
When you a mom of 17 month old baby you always bending to him and it makes your back more like an arc. So I got this to keep my shoulders straight and still. And it's working just fine. Although price little bit to high on my opinion.
I am honestly a huge BCAAs fan and when I first used this product, I thought the taste was a little funny just because I wasn't used to an orange flavor for a supplement but it has grown on to me. It honestly gives such a nice boost during a workout. It constantly keeps me hydrated and energized through my workout and I am able to last longer at the gym. Sadly though, my lid broke in two weeks span that I got it so that was a shame but other than that, the product itself works to its advantages and I definitely recommend it to people who are looking for a new BCAAs to try.
With spring in the air, I can begin to feel that upcoming swell of pollen. For me, I 'take a hit' of simple saline at the first sign of trouble. The result has been avoiding major issues and in the event I'm a bit late, recovering faster. I use it for both colds and allergies, so a 3-pack coming in at a slightly reduced price was a nice find. Love the large size bottles.
Had multiple problems taking readings after my Doctor recommend this model to me. Great price but learning curve took a while to figure out.
exactly what was needed.
the brushes that came with the toothbrush were too firm for me. This one is softer and easier to use. The quality is okay and requires changing more often than the original. I'm going to keep using this product over the original
Fisherman's Friend are the best cough drops I have ever used. The only complaint I have is that they were shipped in a shipping envelope and arrived with the box crushed. I would have thought the shipper would have known better. If you can buy these at your local store (the Cherry flavor is hard to find in retail stores), I would recommend buying them there until the shipper can use a different shipping container.
It appeared to have been partially assembled, however, there was one place where a screw had to be inserted, but there was no hole there. My daughter and I spent a long time trying to drill a hole - finally got the screw through - it doesn't look too good but at least it should work. We had gone too far to try to disassemble and return. It does bother me that, when the foot rest is not in use there is an metal part sticking out which could cause leg damage - but as I said it had been partially assembled because the foot rests were already assembled when it arrived.
These absorb a a lot of leakage for the most part. However, even with the adhesive they sometimes do not stay in place and I leak through my bras.
I was not expecting something so stiff
I bought this item because my dentist recommended that I massage my gums since they're receding due to wearing braces in my youth. If the recession gets worse, I may need to have surgery, so I'm hoping that this device will work well for long term duration.. The vibration from this item carefully massages my gums. I do this twice a day. I've also used toothpaste with one of the three included grinding heads in hopes that the dark stains from drinking coffee and tea will be reduced or eliminated. I bought tooth polish for a much better resolution, but haven't received it yet.
The dropper actually works unlike other droppers that leak when you hold them certain ways.
very cool little device but I can measure blood oxygen and pulse everyday, easy to carry around with its small size. good gift for elderly.
I like it, works as described
wish the stickers were bigger.. also they come in a sheet not individual.
I take this along ashwagandha and it seems to be helping my energy levels. The company is also awesome and ships fast.
The smell is strong but it is Natural oil, i feel my nail better each day, like this product!!
use it for my cat with kidney problems
The last time I use a protein supplement was back in the 90s, so my expectations may be skewed a bit, there were a lot of products then that tasted like medicine. This product tastes really good, I use it in water. I have tried it a number of times in a glass, pouring water on top of the powder. It stirs nicely, but it clumps up I have to continue to stir it for about three minutes. Still keeps clumps, but tastes very good.
I got this for my son the football player and it has really helped out a lot.
Love this smell but these feel like sand paper 😂
taste delicious although not appealing to the eye. I have sampled other prenatal vitamins and these by far are the best and settle very well in my stomach. First pregnancy and I will continue with these!
Functional but really uncomfortable. The Velcro always cuts into the back of my knee that i barely wear it long enough to make a difference. Update: customer service is fantastic!! They responded to my review and i can tell they really care about their costumers. I would order a different brace from them again.
great buy! good quality product. my only wish is that the shoulder straps/loops were a bit shorter for petite people like me and that the buckle wasn't right under the arm-pit - it's not comfortable; although I only need to wear it for 20-40 mins a day and then my back sort of learns the posture difference and I straighten myself up anytime I slouch again almost automatically - human body sure trains/learns fast.
Hard to know if it does anything to help but what we do know is that the babes need the probiotics. Tried doing the breast milk paste thing putting it on my nipple for Babe and it was ok but she would always look at me like wtf did you do to my precious nipple!? So now I actually just put the amount on a wooden knife and put it directly in her mouth before nursing. Works better for us because not dropping it everywhere hoping she will get it all in her mouth and not on Face like before.
Bought this for my teenage son who started track this year. We had bought the vanilla before and it was liked. He wanted to try the strawberry. He states it does not mix well. He used the shaking method and was not successful so he tried using the blender, and still had difficulty with it. He mixes it with milk, as we always have. It was very strawberry, and he enjoyed the taste.
They are easy to swallow. Saddly you do get the fish burps with them.
my husband was very pleased.
I like the flavor and the content. They did make me more nauseous than others (I was taking them prior to conception), so I would spread them out throughout the day.
My scalp pH seemed to change after I had kids. It used to be normal to dry and then after having kids it became super oily. I decided to try the degrease after reading the reviews and was happy with the results. It took at least a week or two for my scalp to adjust but after it did, it was not as oily as it was before I had started using it. Just note that the results will not be immediate...it took many days of sticking with it for my scalp pH to change.
Good value glasses work well
Same quality as always
Too light, needs to be heavier
Came new in package upon arrival! The lube works well with friction which produces heat. The more friction/movement, the warmer it gets. Once it cools down it doesn't leave you a sticky mess and its very easy to clean up. I wish it stayed warm a little longer but that's not an issue as you can reapply as needed.
Works good and fast!
Buying bulk can be tricky but these are great
Was a little skeptical that this would give me relief. After wearing it for less than 24 hours I can already tell a difference. Quite surprised and pleased. I can't say that this will help you, but it is definitely helped me.
I've been using it for years on my stainless cookware. It keeps it looking decent. My supermarket stopped selling it, so I decided to check out Amazon Prime. voila!
Giving this a 4 only because I have not yet eaten one. I was concerned about ordering these with the summer heat but they came packed in a styrofoam container with an ice pack. With the heat, the ice pack was melted and the candies are soft but not melted into a mess and this is probably the hottest day we gave had so far this year. Will update once I try them.
used it for two weeks and my feet are better
These are really helping me with sleep. I also don't wake up starving. They are also not habit-forming.
I love the products especially the bug spray I think it really works. I even use it on myself and I'm one of those people who really draw mosquitoes. Not overally impressed with the sunscreen because it leaves a whitish hue all over especially for brown-skinned people, not very attractive. Overall, I like the fact that it meets the EWG rating for safe products.
Product is as advertised. I use it when I go on walks and it has made a big difference. I did not like wearing it for work just because I sit at a desk too long. Would reccommend and buy again
They do what they're supposed to. Easy to put on a thermometer, and packed nicely in the box. I haven't had any trouble with them
yes very good. I would sure like if the price went down.
Had rechargeable batteries. After a full charge I attached to CPAP hose. It runs for 25 minutes and shuts off. The air produced is supposedly Ozone and it did smell funny. I let the CPAP run for some time before using it that night and it seemed cleaner. Have yet to do my mask, but expect that it will work well...
I purchased this to cool my face when rosacea flares up. I used it today for the first time. The soft fabric next to the skin feels very nice unlike some others that do not have this feature. I also like that the measurement across the face is 9 inches, while on some other brands it is 7. I wanted it to cover the sides of my face all the way to the ears and it does. The openings for the eyes, nose and mouth are well placed and the wide strap is comfortable and keeps it against the entire face so my hands are free and I can walk around. I gave this 4 stars only because I am wary of the seams leaking as other reviewers have discussed. If this happens I will update my review. For now I am very pleased.
These bibs were the best I could find for my husband, nice size, waterproof backs. The only thing I didn't like about them was that they looked more like something a woman would choose, and I couldn't find any masculine equivalents.
Does this product have vitamin b in it
I got this since I was getting tired on paying for the blood stripes. It's a lot more convenient and seems to be pretty accurate compared to blood and urine stripes.
I loved the idea of these instead of sponges and plastic scrubbers but they're not as practical if you have a dishwasher. Most of what I do before I put things in the dishwasher is get the hard stuck on things off and these don't do that very well. If you do dishes by hand these would be great, but you still might need something scrubby for those tough bits!
I really do like these favor boxes. They are sturdy and super cute. The one thing I was really disappointed in was the color. From the pictures I was expecting a baby blue color...instead they are more green, like a blue-green color. They will do, but I wish the color was an actual light blue. I set the favors up on a tiered cupcake stand which gives it a nice presentation. Overall I'm satisfied.
Like feel and materiel
Definitely helped before my performance
I do have to agree with others that the handle is a little wide but I love the stiffness of the bristles. I only use it for dry brushing and it works wonders.
Just what I expected. Good product. Slightly bitter. But I don't mind. It's the nature of the plant.
Do not use this with most silicone toys but I like it with stainless toys.
I give this steamer four stars because it's a pretty good steamer the only two things I don't like about it are that even though it still has a little bit a water at the bottom the steamer shuts off like if it's empty then when you're steaming your hair it's not big enough to get the back of your neck so you have to adjust your head throughout the process to make sure your hair is getting steamed all over other than that great steamer love the facial steamer part of it just wish it was adjustable to adjust the height
I have dry eyes and decided to give gel drops a try to see if my eyes would stay moist longer. They make my eyes feel naturally comfortable. The only thing I had a problem with was squeezing out the right amount into my eye. It's hard to tell how much gel comes out and I went through my first bottle quickly. Too much product made my eyes gunky.. While I know this isn't the preferred method, I now wash my hands well and place a drop on the tip of my finger and gently dab it on my eye. Then I close my eye and gently massage the gel in. I use them morning and night. Dry eye relief! Hard to find in pharmacies where I live. They are always out of stock, so I will be ordering more here.
If it had a bit of stretch to the fabric it would be perfect. As it is, it fits a bit tight across my nose. But it's very soft and otherwise comfortable. I like that it covers my ears.
This kept all the sweet cravings at night at bay and I'm glad that it seems to be working. I feel like I'm getting hotter everyday because of this, even on cheat days.
I bought this for my Aunt and was so impressed with it. I wish there was an easier way to move these under bariatric immobile clients, but once it's under the patient, it makes moving SOOO much easier.
A little big, hoping for more pressure
my son was hurt.so i buy this Finger Splint Brace for him.Great product. Just as expect and works great. Nice quality at this price.
It's pretty good, I like the spot function for when you find sore spots. It takes a while to learn the controls but we'll worth the money. I only take a star because out of the foot and neck models I'm using this the least. It's uncomfortable to leave on a chair you regulate use
I was skeptical of taking this at first. After the 4th day of taking two before breakfast in the morning, I noticed a sense of calmness while at work. Things that normally would stress me out didn't seem to impact me so much. I wouldn't say this is mind altering like prescription medicine, but taken as a dietary supplement it certainly has an impact on me personally. I find that its easier to get to bed at night and have sustained sleep and I'm just generally in a better mood. Its impressed me enough I'm going to continue taking these with my normal vitamin supplements!
I like the steel back scratchers but the plastic head scratcher does not work very well and does not stay extended.
I'm giving this a four star review for a couple of reasons: 1) The stuff is absolutely amazing when it comes to making your hair soft. Holy crap. I'm a 3c and this stuff made my poof ball feel so good! I didn't need a ton of it, and yeah... love it. Why not five stars? 2) The smell. I hate, hate, hate the smell. It is sharp and has a ring of cologne. Granted, I have a pretty sensitive nose, but this stuff... whew. Were it not for the amazing way my hair feels, I'd not use it again. Even as it stands, as part of any nightly ritual, I think I'm going to leave it out and stick to the curl enhancing smoothie. I wash my hair twice a week, once with a clarifying shampoo, the other with something far gentler (also by Shea Moisture). I'm likely going to have it just be after my clarifying wash since it tends to leave my hair a bit dry. Other than that... the stuff is like gold as far as moisture and styling. I was delighted by that aspect. If only it smelled like the smoothie. I would be in heaven!
Good product comfortable and provides nice support for neck
Smells like coconut but not like a Pina Colada which is probably good since you don't want to drink any of it. Cleans as well as any other Clorox wipe or off brand version. I wish they were a little thicker.
Works well to relieve sinus pain in the cheekbones and forehead. The only reason this didn't receive a 5* rating is that it fastens with grosgrain ribbon. It would have been much easier to fasten on my head with some kind of hook and loop straps. (Elastic wouldn't be the answer for two reasons: head sizes vary widely, and getting it to fit snugly to one head could leave it way too big (or small) for another head, and secondly, elastic tends to stretch out over time. Velcro lets you adjust to fit any head circumference, and it never stretches out.) I think I will attach my own hook and loop to the current straps. (The mask itself is a bit heavy, and trying to hold it on your face while tying the ribbons behind your head--especially with long hair getting tangled in the process--is a really fun juggling act!)
I always wear rubber gloves when I do my dishes. When I saw this I thought this would be a good substitute for a scrubber. The bristles are actually soft. I couldn't really use them for heavy duty pans or dirty dishes that are left in the sink to dry. I had to use scrubber after all. Plus, I thought this gloves use more soup than I would normally use with scrubber. But over all, for the price, this is a good product especially if you like using glove while doing dishes.
Need to take for awhile... but definitely helps with joint pain!! I'll keep taking!!
And that's pretty standard for many powder drink mixes- most of the time just pouring it into a glass, adding liquid and twirling it with a spoon or fork isn't gonna cut it. Blend it for about 10-20 seconds and it's blended nice and smooth with no clumps. I thought the taste was meh, but not gross. It's delicately sweet and not terrible on its own. But I added mine to a smoothie of nut milk, plain Greek yogurt, some strawberries, a small banana and a packet of Emergen-C and it was like an Orange Julius-mall drink from back in the day. My canister was about 2/3 full, but a good price (cheaper than Walmart) and I like the ingredients. But today was my first day, so I'll report back any positive changes in my energy, workout performance, fat loss/muscle gain and differences in my skin, hair and nails, and adjust my rating if need be. To be continued..
they do not irritate as so many others do and they do a great job.
cool saves some cash. My son is always mixing up the batteries and putting spent ones back in the junk drawer. I am sure I have thrown out good ones with the bad. This is a quick way to see which ones are the bad and which are still keepers
I haven't seen any difference in my daily health after consuming the first bottle.. however, I will continue to use and finish the second bottle. It also have a bad taste and smell.
Found it a bit difficult to put on without assistance but it does work well for what I need it for.
Helped with my frozen shoulder.
I have been meaning to write a review for this product. After a miscarriage we tried to conceive for 4 months with no positive. Month 5, we used conceive plus and now I have a son who is about to be 2 in a few weeks!
I use it in my hair growth oil. Strong smell. Good for a diy cleaning product as well.
Try to correr bunion
We continue to buy these garbage bags because they are cheap and are generally effective. Occasionally, we need to double bag the trash.
So far the batteries work good, will write another review once we see how long they last
Wish this brand made a higher potency.
The chocolate mocha tastes awful. Does not blend well.
Finally an organizer large enough for all of my vitamins and supplements. I take up to 15 and 18 twice a day and this organizer is large enough to hold all of them. I ordered the tray that has 7 boxes with both AM and PM compartments. The only draw back is the lid to each box, they will not stand up at a 90 degree angle which can make it a little difficult adding the pills, it stays open at a 45 degree angle or so. The lid does snap shut but over time it seems like it will weaken and not be as tight. I do wish the AM and PM compartments could separate so that it wouldn't take up so much room in my purse just in case I need to pack my PM vitamins for the evening.
This is a very handy item . But it will barely drain. Plug doesn't stay open very well. Still glad I have it.
Decent products that are gentle on my skin & allergy eyes. No break outs from the mineral products.
Not an easy pen to lose, as happens way too often with my garden variety pens
1st scale didn't work, the company sent me a new one that works perfectly fine.
love it!! dissolved well! and no after taste!!
This messager is great for my sciatica.
I love the product. It keeps my laundry fresh for days. BUT.. And this is the only reason it's not 5 stars...I decided to go with convenience and order it as part of my amazon subscription. However, it was packed in between canned goods and laundry detergent. As you can see from the picture it didn't fare well. This is not the first time I've received damaged goods due to packaging. There seems to be no rhyme or reason to the packing system. I'm going to give the Amazon subscribe and save service one more chance, but it's up in the air as to whether I'll keep it.
The product seems to work well.
These are well made socks and fit as expected. I only wish that the band at the top was a little wider for more comfort.
A great toy for lighting the spark in the bedroom!
Nice gift bags at a good price. Sturdy and perfect size.
The product seems to be helping. I would recommend, if you're looking for more back support.
It surprisingly works well. I just can't find the refills. I wish regular thread could be used instead of having to purchase cassettes.
these are easy to use
Great customer service. Still awaiting final results, but it's a nice way to relax in the meantime, especially if you work out and can benefit from icing your legs anyway.
Very cute, were smaller than expected though.
I just had rotator cuff and bicep repair surgery. I originally got this as a temporary sling for when my main sling is in the wash. I was looking specifically for one that had snap/buckle closures like my hospital sling, because it's so easy to put on/off. I also tried a different sling, but that wasn't so great. I ended up loving this one so much I now use it as my main sling!!! It is SO soft inside -- unlike the scratchy one the hospital gave me that had seams and stitching inside w/ a rough fabric that ended up chafing and peeling the skin on my arm! This sling is so comfortable. Although the shoulder pad could be a bit more narrow, as that sometimes digs into my neck. I ended up replacing that with the pad from another sling and now it's perfect. The straps are very easy to adjust, and I even cut some of the velcro pieces and rounded the pointy ends so they'd be shorter and less "noisy". My arm is 12" and this sling was a bit too long, but I was able to fold the wrist end back about an inch or two and hold it there with the two velcro pieces at the end. After the first week my surgeon took my pillow off and said I no longer needed it, so I am not using that part of it. Once you get this whole thing adjusted just right for you, you will love it! The only thing I wish was designed differently would be the strap at the wrist where it buckles. The velcro pieces are sewn on. If they were removeable I would be able to fold the "cuff" back further since it was too long for my arm. So I take off a star just for that reason. Otherwise I love it!
I've had trouble sleeping for years and now I'm off to dream Land easy.
Very large toy if your into that. Will require extensive warm up. But feels great when you get to it
Works with half the recommended dosage in 15 seconds. Still trying to figure out how?!!
This is awesome. Great Neck/Shoulder rub! I'd like to give it 4.5 stars... It takes too long to heat up... But otherwise, me, a happy camper!
I don't like it with hot drinks, but It taste so good with banana Smoothie, I haven't seen the results yet*
Great product but over priced
It works well. I recommend for you to use if you want to lose weight for a short period of time.
Doesn't help my poor, dry skin but the smell reminds me of my childhood.
I liked it a lot , very few calories, carb and sugar - less than most of comparable products and taste great.
It is pretty good. Original I had small size as recommended by my doctor. Even though I am only 4'10" it was a little to small. Ordered adult and that worked. Absolutely better than bulky form sling.
It's easy to use and wheel around but needs more cushion or memory foam, have to use the pad cover and a little towel to help knee to be more cushioned. I never had a chance to use the water cover, due to size of cast, couldn't fit.
best stuff for foot pain. It helped me get through 1/2 marathon training
Easy to use. Just installed it so have to give it some time to give it a accurate review
This doesn't smell like acv when you open it, which you may feel is good or bad. It is a nice formulation that contains a high amount of acv plus has cayenne pepper, so you don't have to take another pill. Like for many supplements, you will probably have to take this consistently over several weeks before you start to see the benefits.
it definitely helps you breathe better. as far as helping you stop snoring, may be not so much.
Good product helps me sleep
Okay these things stink. As in smell bad enough to gag you if you're npt ready for it. However many selenium caps do so it's not surprising. I want those who don't know better to be forewarned. Otherwise it works exactly as I expected and my most recent lab work shows it.
Has worked better than other products I have used.Unbeleivable!!!!
I used it for my daughters wedding best wishes and it was a great night for it easy to use
Sometimes the magnets wouldn't really hold the box closed.
It is decent for what i needed
Love the product, However the info tag was placed directly on the packaging over the pretty bow and inside tag and will not peel off nicely. As a gift for mother-in -law......looks sloppy and second hand. Having worked in warehouses, we were always taught to place the bar code, etc. on back of product. Seems like most products have the tags like this, not a problem when not a gift...
I am a nurse and know how valuable compression socks are. These are very good for the price! They aren't the highest quality but they are good quality. Some of the pairs are shorter than others but I'm not complaining . None of them fall down and they do provide good support if you're on a budget.
I liked it. Wasn't very bad but with some pb2 and pyure it's great! Would like to try other flavors
This machine has functioned quite well for us. We like noise when we sleep. The various sounds and levels are great. We've gotten used to using the storm noise and have gotten attached to it. When we go somewhere else to stay, we miss our sound machine quite a bit. I gave it a 4 instead of a 5 because sometimes the sound kind of distorts. It doesn't do it all the time, but, we have noticed it on occasion. The unit is nice looking and fits into the decor nicely. If you like a nightlight, this unit has varying degrees of light. We don't, so, we turn the light all the way off. It's kind of easy to push a wrong button and get the sound off the one that you prefer. Then it requires cycling through the list to get back to the sound that you want. We've had this for about 2 years and it's still working great. We use it every night when at home. We've tried sound apps on our phones, but, discovered that this simply works better for us.
Worked for what we needed them for.
I like it, just pricey
Fine product and the fact that it comes individual packets is useful
I don't know how I've survived for so many years doing dishes without this brush. Cups, mugs, glasses, insulated sports bottles, etc. are so much easier to clean properly and thoroughly with this brush. The bristles are not too stiff and not too soft, and the handle has a great feel and grip. You could spend more on a brush like this, but why? This one does the job exceedingly well at a very reasonable price.
Just starting the process 1 month in, but it's easy to use and only need to do it every other day!
Have seen it cheaper at the store otherwise it's a good product
I believe it did work a little but the tablets are hard to intake.
Just what I was looking for!`
Two of the bottles (frankincense and eucalyptus) were only half full when they arrived :-( but overall I'm very happy with the quality of these oils, smell great and great price. If you're looking for an inexpensive starter kit for oils this is the best choice on Amazon, have bought similarly priced sets from other sellers that turned out to be fake, smelled horrible like chemicals. These smell great and are gc tested for purity so you know they're not perfume blends being sold as 100% pure
I was pretty injury prone before I started taking this, I don't know much about the formula or any of the chemicals, but I recommend it.
I use these for the neck and head area. They are really durable. I wish they had one the same length, not as wide for the neck and doesn't wrap.
The taste of this isn't pleasant but isn't disgusting either. It's like taking a teaspoon of oil with a backseat lemon touch to it. I really like that the epa is higher than the dha and that's it's sourced from smaller fish to lower risk of toxins in it. You do need to refrigerate after opening. I'll likely buy again if it seems to be doing me well.
This is very similar to the instrument that my doctor uses. They do offer an app to log results which I found extremely difficult to install....I am technically challenged...
Product was as described but it just didn't work for me. I was really big when I ordered so it didn't provide much relief. Still was a good product.
Seems like a nice product, but I've had better results and flavor from another brand. I'll be returning to Scivation.
I think your 5-HTP is probably great for most people. Unfortunately, my insomnia is too much for your product. I was hoping it would help me sleep, but noting that I've tried is working for me including your 5-HTP. I sure it would work for most people, I'm just a really completed case.
It worth the money and it last a long time with it being a bigger bottle
Tastes good, works well to sub out about 1/4th of the Bisquick for when I make waffles. It's a little clumpier than other I've tried when just mixing with water and a spoon, but works with a mixer or wire ball shake container. I like to mix a little baking soda in my health drink for alkaline, and I noticed the other protein powders I've had seem to react to that, foaming a bit, this one doesn't foam. I'm not sure what that means, but thought I'd mention it.
i found it to be easy to use and less messy than hydrogen peroxide which is also supposed to restore ph. I thought it was effective, but only after several uses (4). Maybe I could have used more than the directions said. I will buy it again when necessary and will use more each application to see if it would work faster. Would have given 5 stars if it had worked just a bit faster.
I haven't gone on a plane ride with this yet, but I did test it out at home on a hair and on my table to see if it will work. The little picture chart on the product image shows you all the ways that you can use it. I didn't think that hugging it would be an option, but it is and it's not that bad. I like the fact that you can put your head in a hole and it gives your head some support. You can also out your cell phone at the bottom and look at it too. I wish I had this when I took a 20 hour plane ride last year. I love how compact this item is and that you can just put in easily into your carry on or purse. I took a picture of it next to a kleenex box, and it's smaller than that!
The material is very durable rubber the tradeoff is that these are a little bit hard on my heel but I can definitely feel the difference it makes while for the plantar fascia. You may want to add some cushioning to it though
I liked that it was cheaper than a Diva Cup, but it is definitely harder to put in correctly because it is less rigid and does not pop back into its shape as easily, thus leading to leaking. It would probably have a larger learning curve for a first-time user because of this. A drawback of the more rigid cup is more cramping.
Fun unit! Well worth it for this price!
Doesn't seem to work for me
Has a bit of a " processed " taste but overall very decent . Will recommend again .
Decent grinder but my cat's supplements are a little harder to grind with this one. I would recommend though.
It's really made my nails healthy. I'm hoping with continued use my hair will stop falling out
May not fit all shoes but wow wow wow is this comfortable a whole new walk for me lie it!!!
I originally bought a pair in March 2017 and they looked good and worked well. They lasted about a year but that was with wearing them several times a week and switching out with other pair. I have some medical grade compression stockings and I like these socks better. I will be ordering more soon but I wish there were more options since these substitute as dress socks for me as well.
Seems to be good quality.
I bought this for my Husband... He has arthritis..He is a Electrician .also has anxiety ...It has not yet been a week..But he is taking 15 drops in the morning & 15 drops at nite..So we will see...But has seemed to help his mood already..
Great to always have a lighter that doesn't need fuel, wish the opening for the current was larger/deeper for easier access to things
So far, so good. Good price, sturdy and good for travel.
For casual reaching and picking up light weight objects, this thing works. I am going to buy another one for the car and a.second one for around the house.
These vitamins are so good, but taste so bad!
My son throws up all the time. We're working on figuring out why. But in the meantime, I need a way to manage the mess. I have these strategically placed all over my house, in diaper bags, in purses, in cars, in strollers, etc. I have already used several, they've come in very handy. The open mouth ring makes it easy to aim into, which is a blessing. The only complaint I have is that it's really hard to seal it up afterwards. The ring prevents you from tying it off and closing it up, so it's easy to spill before you have a chance to throw it away. Otherwise, they're a hit in my house!
Huge letters! They were a hit at a baby shower I hosted yesterday. Only wish it came with a pump so I blow it up without helium.
This is the softest heating pad I have seen. Very plush. My wife said she is happy with the amount of heat it produces but I personally don't think its hot enough. If she starts to complain about the heat I will return it. The power cord disconnects from the pad so it can be cleaned which is nice, also very long.
definitely more buzzy thank thumpy. decent product, but wouldn't replace a percussive massager
good product at a good price
There isn't much to say...it cleans my dishes just as well or better than anything else. HOWEVER, the one noticeable difference and why I write a review is the fact that I haven't need to use my rinse aid. Everything comes out clear.
Product helps to keep in ketosis and is easy to ingest. Recommend if you have problems with staying in the zone!
I really have not used it long enough to know whether I like it or dislike it but we will see at the end of 44 days but I will be ordering it again!
Love the convenience of the spray bottle. This stuff works as long as used consistently.
We had to replace my daughters sound machine after hers broke. I like how lightweight this feels. We wish we could turn the volume just a little louder. My daughter loves the sound of the brook and rain.
Love the product. Plastic is strong and sturdy. It is a very convenient way to carry my smoothies and be able dispose of the container. I only wish I was able to use the straw from the outside of the pouch similar to the Capris Sun drinks. Placing a hole on the outside will make it better to drink instead of putting straw on the side of zipped top.
It does give a boost of energy but I haven't had any weight loss yet
Smells decent, easy to apply, good for minor to moderate aches and pains. It's a little greasy but it's not intended to be a body lotion, so that's okay. I'm trying this for my TMJ pain and applying it externally to my jaw. Also I'm trying it on my sore feet. So far, so good, I think it's helping subtly.
The oils are fine and the bottles are small. It's not the best value, but I wanted the bottles to refill. Makes it easier for me when I'm making my oil blends. I won't be repurchasing, but I do recommend for anyone who is just starting out. It's a good variety. I did purchase both pack 1 and 2 and the only duplicate is the grapeseed oil.
First facial cleansing brush, I have combination skin and mostly stick with the silicone and softer bristle brush heads. Works with J&J facial cleaners and exfoliation products. Definitely worth the buck.
Buckle broke after a short period of time.
Like this product. Don't know yet if it helps my back problem.
It is a wonderful unflavored collagen option. However, it is not as dense with protein as another brand I've used. It is better as far as taste and aftertaste as well as it's ability to dissolve and blend into various items like coffee, tea, smoothies, grits, and oatmeal. The package is full, and there is a scoop included in the bag of collagen. It's a decent amount for the price range and a good quality product.
It took me a couple to get used to these but if you try without expectations, they are good. Now they are one of my favorites and will definitely purchase again.
Shred a little when using them. Ive had better all natural wipes.
Helps keep you regular
Tried this for a month. It did not work for me.
Adult wipes. Larger than those purchased in 99 cent store
Really like the soft grips on the handles. Walking long distance doesn't bother my hands (arthritic hands) like the hard handles do.
It works really well. Its sturdy so it can take punishment but its hard to clean up the mess but all around a great product.
Perfect for smoothies
I miss a lot of the older scents - it just doesn't seem to last long
This arrived in a Walmart box, and I thought to myself, uh-oh. I didn't check their price. Sure enough it was much cheaper than from this seller. My own fault. Didn't do my homework. Won't make that mistake again. That being said, I give this product five stars, but not the price. It's not worth returning, but now I know to check the price for next time.
Love this oil the smell totally helps relax and breathe better.
I suggest getting these! I used them for my senior pictures but don't use them on a windy day! The price is reasonable ans the cans aren't as big but the color inside are so beautiful when they are activated! I highly suggest these!
I would have preferred to have something mailed to me for proof of coverage.
I like getting text, calls and email messages on my watch so I'd don't have to get my iphone out for all the junk email, text and phone calls. I picked a watch face that has the exercise stats I want so I don't even use or need the built-in exercise apps. It is a bright clear screen. The iphone app works great as does the website dashboard. My scale for checking my weight daily sends the weight right to fitbit even though it isn't a Fitbit scale. I did get different watch bands. Only downside is having to turn over my wrist to wake up the screen. I'd give up some battery life to get a constant on screen. I'd buy it again.
Like it worked for my knees
The chair is very comfortable and glides smoothly over bumps. Only downside is that it is quite a bit heavier than I expected
has helped with my neck issues. I use it both ways, hard but still soft
I wouldn't go as far as to say this helps with weight loss or metabolism but it definitely helps with stress. I did find that my stress level felt reduced and I handled things in a more calm way lol
It tastes like Nestle's Quik, no kidding. It mixes well with warm water, isn't gritty, and doesn't give me any digestive issues.
Makes you go for sure.
I'm updating my review as they have an excellent customer service..the machine Stopped suddenly for unexplainable reason but they were very kind and contacted me and send me a new one right away...the new machine is working well so far.. really happy with it.. My previous review: (Stopped working suddenly... I was so looking forward to this machine , had back ache..no idea what went wrong in a day .. very frustrating..is there any way to claim warranty??)
I saw this product being discussed in a utube video and wanted to try it. I am in the process of changing my makeup and skin care products to ones without toxins. It does a good job of a very natural,looking lash with one coat. Natural but still brightening and opening up your eye. A second coat adds more dimension but nothing like the tarte mascara I was using. The reason for 4 stars is I prefer 100% pure mascara over this. It coats so nicely and smells like blackberries (: one further comment is the shape of the wand on this product I found a bit tricky. It is shaped like a Xmas tree. The best approach for me was to always start in the corners and work out or I would get mascara on my lids.
We have used this for over 7 years, it is not perfect, but it gives great flexibility, allowing us to go out and about. Use it as a walker for short trips and a transport chair when you get tired. We also have a single purpose rollator we rarely use, but it is lighter - no foot rest, no arm rests. That said this one is good, not perfect. It is cumbersome to fully disassemble the hand grips and back support, the arm rest foam died quickly and the allen bolts holding the foot rest keep loosening. On the whole it has allowed us to go out and travel, no problem with gate checking at the airport, but bulky to car transport without disassembly.
Works pretty well, really. Definitely cuts down on pain, but I wish the brace piece inside it were a bit adjustable. I can say, definitely, definitely helped me get some rest!
I have pain in my hip which is not specifically what this product was for but the reviews seemed to indicate that others had help even with deep joints. I know that I don't wake up at night as much with my leg aching. I will probably purchase more when this is gone. It is innocuous as far as its' texture. It is a gel but not sticky and absorbs quickly.
This thing was AWESOME.... until it stopped working a few days later. I used it a lot, but then one of the pads stopped functioning. Had to return it, but customer service was awesome and sent me a brand new one. So far, no problems and great with pain management! Highly recommend!
The only issue I had was that the clamps to hold it to the table were not big enough and had to struggle a bit to hold to it.
Nice smell. Too bad if you have your vent blowing, it uses up rather quickly. Wish it lasts longer
Nice quality and narrow enough to clean inside of my birds' favorite feeder.
Unfortunately it has been necessary for me to use this style of equipment for a long time. I have reordered it several times over the years. So you will know you may have to use it differently than instructed but test how it works best for you.
pretty good for the price and last the same as the original batteries that I buy from the company
My wife has knees problem and it is helping her in her everyday living
The bottles says to take one, three times a day. I take one a day and lets just say that has been plenty.
I love this product, I just wish that the company would make a longer size. I order long but it's really not that long.
I have very stiff neck and shoulder for the longest time and comparing to other massagers I purchased before, this one just does what I need with just right power. And I love the fact that it is cordless so I can place it anywhere without worrying about wire tangles. I am not going to give a 5-star rating just because the heating function doesn't feel like it is working. The red light turns on but I do not feel the difference between having the heating function on or off.
I like this product because it has no flavoring or sweeteners. Although the bottle indicates it should be added to juices, milk or milk substitutes (like almond or rice milk) because it is somewhat bitter, I tasted the powders itself and didn't find that it had much flavor of its own and certainly nothing unpleasant. This is good, and exactly what I want, because it means I can mix it with anything and have no flavors or sweeteners in the product that I don't like or that taste bad with whatever liquid I'm mixing it in. Most other essential amino acid powders I've looked at - including the one I get from my nutritionist - have some combination of flavors like citrus and berry, some of which I totally dislike the flavors of. And as soon as they try to use fruit flavors, that requires the product to have sweeteners. In an attempt to use something natural, they all tend to use Stevia which has the most awful taste. To my taste buds, Stevia is way worse tasting than any of the artificial sweeteners. So I'm glad this product doesn't have any of that. The only reason I didn't give this product five-stars is because the powder doesn't want to mix will with water or other liquids. No matter how well I stir it, the powder lumps up and doesn't dissolve. But I found this to be true with other amino powders as well, so I presume this is the nature of amino acids themselves.
Best eye drops I've found yet. I love the blue tip for aiming in the eye! They are expensive though......
I have used this for years but even now, the taste is hard for me to tolerate. I have tried the citrus flavor but find that even worse. A couple benefits though to the powder- it is once a day and packed with vitamins and minerals. Hard to find that in one dose, in any other supplement.
Great oil. Just what I needed, although, the packaging left a lot to be desired. I had oil spillage everywhere when it was delivered. The company needs to wrap it better.
I have tried several pre-workouts. This was a pretty good one. Some of the reviews complain about face melting feeling or super itchiness. Well that is kind of what you get with a pre-workout. I did not think it was any stronger that anything I have tried. I felt like this gave me a really good pump. It gives you some focus and the energy to complete the workout. Pre-workout is not magic, if you put in the work this will assist you with a pump and some focus. The gummy worm flavor is good and it mixes well.
These work well for kids.
Good brand. Not only did I use in cooking but I ground up fine, add little water or Bragg Apple cider vinegar and used on my hair to condition.
I bought this as a gift so I don't know how it works over all but it is the perfect size and I think the person I bought it for will think it is super cool.
Good value and nice length. However they are a little aggressive. You have to have a very light touch or the edges are painful. Would be better if all edges were rounded a tad.
The nutrition is about the same as what we buy at Costco (the Kirkland brand). The taste is decent...also about the same. The price is a little more than Kirkland. It boils down to simple preference
Purchased a medium and in 3 weeks stretched about an inch. It is now hard to strap the velcro. . I ordered a small hoping it will work better.
I dont like them but I'm old fashion. My daughter loves using them
I'm a 40 year old female, with no specific health problem. However, I have numbness feeling in my different body parts while asleep and sometimes feel pain in left part of my body. I bought this pendant to help with my blood circulation and was hoping that I would have less pain. After some weeks of wearing this pendant I feel a slight improvement in my circulation (I have less numbness) and slight reduction of pain. However, this pendant has helped me have a better and deeper sleep at nights. I think I'll continue using this.
The color is great The product is long lasting. But it does have an smell
I like it a lot, although with the horribly cold winter we have been having so far, I already have some fingers cracking. It reminds me of Bag Balm, which always served me well, so I am hoping it gets my hand through the winter once the weather returns to normal.
Fits regular sized wine bottles
You can tell an immediate difference. Little more clarity focus and energy to do stuff.
The product is good however, you have to constantly keep taking the pill to see results. It feels as if you skip a day you lose what you gained. If that makes sense anyways this may or may not be the product for some.
The concept is great and keeps my wrists aligned. The fabric and Velcro I dislike. The Velcro straps are starting to pull away and when my arms/hands touch it's annoying with the noise and attachment of the Velcro. They look like cats used them for scratching posts. Yes, they help ease the pain and tingling. I wear them every night. Just not a fan of the Velcro.
Great flavor!! Order was shipped fast. I will purchase again.
The keyboard is real good, but the mouse did not work well
I BELIEVE THAT THESE ARE THE CORRECT RX FOR MY GULL STONES.
very well Lubricant, however, become sticky after it gets dry. Need to clean it up with water after.
Watch out when opening!!!!! product works well but I tried to open the protective layer and poked it with a pen. IT SPEWED OUT THE TOP LIKE SOME SORT OF WHALE HOLE OR SOMETHING. needless to say there charcoal on my celling. great stuff though!!
This is my first time taking b complex. Let's see if it gives me great energy
It's what I needed. Used it for my extra CPAP machine in my RV.
Excellent customer service! Very caring company--representatives are very helpful.
Has every thing I am looking for in whey Protein
I like this a lot and it was super convenient Amazon carries it. However, I would suggest buying the one from Target. Bigger “bristles” and slid over the tile better. I can see it leaving behind dirt in the cracks.
Iam disabled and in a wheelchair, so I need a reacher/grabber. But it would always be in another room. So saw these it fit the bill . the price was great and 2, Wow , these are great.
wrapping food. description should indicate more clearly that the roll is folded in half
Using for boost in alertness. If I stop taking it, I seem to get run down much earlier in the day.
Got this for travel. Have used it for two multi-day trips. Held up with one inflation. Did not need any pump, able to inflate by mouth. Gets warm, so definitely need to put cover of some sort or a sheet over it. This was the third one of these I tried. The first two leaked and were sent back without too much hassle. That's reason for 4 instead if 5 stars. So don't give up if the first one doesn't work!
Love the product.. only draw back ...it does not dry out quickly
The item was sent by USPS. Extremely slow in delivery. Ordered on January 4, 2019 and finally received it on January 10th. I cannot comment on the product at this time since I have only used it one time in my septic system. I can say the convenience in using the product is very nice.
First off, been buying this stuff for years-the wife and I go through it like some people buy milk, if ya know what I mean. Anyway, the bottles leak worse than my wife when she sees me naked. So, bad design. I'm thinking of wrapping some teflon tape on it. On the threads of the bottle, that is. The lube itself is top-notch and lasts for hours but it gets expensive. I spent more on this last year than on my kid's college fund. But in all fairness, it's a better investment. It also stays cool and maintains sufficient lubricity even in the high heat that is generated in extreme friction situations. So much so that, while I have not yet done it, I have pondered replacing the Mobil 1 full-synthetic oil in my truck with this stuff. So if you like to have the excitement, and who doesn't, get yourself some of this.
I purchased these when I could no longer find the Ben Gay medicated patches that I normally buy. They did the job, however they didn't stick quite as well as the Ben Gay. I would buy them again in a minute.
I use this for severe cramping...small enough to carry in my purse and it's effective.
I bought them for running and used for my first marathon. Some were delicious, some less so and some packed with caffeine (50 mg per gel) which can be a problem for those of us who don't drink coffee.
I love this product. I use it A LOT. Heats up quick in a few minutes and stays warm for about 15 minutes or so. Easy to travel with, haven't had any problems with the seams. My only wish was that it was slightly bigger. I doesn't cover all of my shoulder so I have to move it around. Otherwise I wish I would have bought one sooner.
Product does what it says and is good quality. Noticed immediate improvement when taking. Will definitely buy again.
Good support. A little longer than I had
So far so good. Trying to keep the leg cramps at bay and this was suggested.
it seems a bit too large on the top straps
I've used a few different brands of collagen peptides, including Vital Proteins and Orgain. This product is very comparable. I use a scoop every morning in my coffee. It's smooth and dissolves quickly. It's a great product for the price.
Good flavor, texture and cost. Overall a very good product
I like how this product looks but I feel envelopes should be included. I didn't realize that and now have to find envelopes to find them. Other than that they are nice
We like this product it seems to help the muscles.
I've read a lot of reviews where people don't like the taste, but I mix it in 16 oz bottle of water and think the taste is just fine. Also read that it doesn't desolve, which is true in the short term, but when I mix the bottles ahead of time it is always 100% dissolved. I like this the best of the choices that there are, except his shipping prices make it considerably more expensive, thus the 4 star rating.
I did the blue light test and it totally works! I'm very excited to use these while working. The only thing I don't love is that they are quite big. However I have a very small face and so I expected hem to be big. They also have a bit of a glare but for he price really I don't mind at all.
Decent product, easy to use and seems to help improve my posture. My only wish is that it was a bit more rigid to aid in the correction.
These batteries are working just fine, and were priced right.
These teachers are well made and do a good job. But for my husband they are a bit short for his use. He is tall and they just don't reach the ground without him having to bend which is hard for him. And I am short, so they don't guite make to the top shelf of our ceiling tall cabinets. But we are keeping them for other uses. Ordered expandable ones.
I go through these quite often so for a set of two the price wasn't that bad. They're not super great quality plastic but they get he job done. Not sure if these are BPA free. But I would suggest not letting your stuff sit in them for long periods of time especially in heat. I can see how the caps may become an issue over time but I have had blender bottle brand bottles that give me issues too. But for the money I'm find with getting maybe 2-3 months use out of them
I used Dr. K to give me strong joints, good skin, healthier hair and strong nails. I am on my second container and I have no pain in my knee joints and my nails are strong and have grown! I am sure with more usage, I will see good results with my skin and hair too.
Seems to work, using to remove calcium from soft tissue
Hello. I hope this finds everyone well. I have multiple sclerosis. I find the use of this product invaluable. It really works for me.
I usually love pampers (pure) and hate huggies but weirdly enough I prefer the huggies swim diapers to pampers. These are pull up and huggies are not so these don't have as much of a custom fit. They seem to be pretty absorbent but don't seem all that durable.
Don't listen to the reviews saying it doesn't work because it does! We just bought it and it saves us alot of time making 100 at a time instead of one at a time!!! Only reason I'm rating it a 4 is because they don't include well enough instructions on how to do it. We pulled up a video on YouTube and went from there! If u take your time it's so worth it!! And definitely money well spent because it saves you alot of time!!!
I feel less pain on my back but still doesn't go away entirely. Possibly a big stone.
I don't know why I thought these might fit me. They don't. I ended up putting them on my daughter though, and they worked fine for her. Better than the newspaper and electrical tape that we had been using. Heartily recommend for small humans, but I'm hesitant to do so for grownups.
What can you say about these ....they fit.
I have been using this brand for the last 1 1/2 years. I helps enough to keep using it even though it is a bad value after the price increase. I buy the 3-pack to save a little.
The material is strong and the cushion is very soft and holds up great. I have problems with this area of my foot so I was happy to see a product specifically made for this area. The fit is a bit of an issue for me. I have a wide foot and it feels like the sleeve doesn't come down long enough. However, I have been wearing it all day with a sock and flexible shoe. The shoe holds it down and my foot is feeling much better.
I bought this as I developed skin problems with Vitamin C I bought at Costco as they are made of Citrus. I learned I can't take citrus and as we get older, the acidic food cause problems. So, I found this one. So far it seems to work good. I have taken less than 10 days, so with time I will know more. I will edit my feedback if it is drastically better than other brands.
So far so good. One box will expire in Jan of 2019 but the rest are later which is fine since I have to test 4x a day anyway. Way more reliable than my One Touch Verio
Not sure about absorbency, have never tried this before and hesitated, the taste is really good. You can tell it's a vitamin but not hard at all to get down. It's really very good. And smells good too.
Works great and color is perfect for any color clothing. Easy to use.
It's a great idea, lot of compliments. WARNING, TRAY DOES NOT LOCK. MY MOTHER-IN-LAW GOT 3RD DEGREE BURNS SPILLING HOT TEA ON HER SELF TRYING TO STRAIGHTEN THE TRAY.
This works pretty well for me it keeps my blood pressure down
Only product I can use without causing irritation
Has helped with my posture at my desk. Very happy with my purchase.
I like this because you can do thorough job of cleaning your ears unlike with cotton swabs. I produce a large amount of earwax and these tools allow for a better cleaning.
I bought them for my husband. He started to complain that he was having a little difficult recalling details. He took it as instructed: 3 times a day. He believes that he is now able to recall things easier.
Using for BJJ in Gi. Pleanty of tape for the price. Works well, however, you will get little strings from the sides and it does begin to peel back after hard use. Also, 1/3 is pretty small, 1/2 is better but you cannot find it in this quantity. All tape rolls are attached and when you remove one roll the side will pick up all dust/dirt in your bag. Within 1 day the sides of the tape roll will look dirty and icky.
No pill, face roller, or old school ice pack works as well as this wearable ice pack! I have two so that I can rotate wearing and freezing during an especially strong migraine attack. It's sturdy too and will stay on most of the night when I sleep with it on.
It works well and it's really portable. It fits in my pocket well. It charges my phone about 2 times so I think it is more around 6000 mAh than 8000. But I don't own any equipment to test that out. But overall a good purchase.
4 oz of small chunks and worked well in my dyi tonic water recipe. Shipped quickly and super price. Thanks!
Nice stocking but didn't work for me. Elastic inside top of stocking was uncomfortable.
Smells good but very expensive
My 4yo daughter loves that she can push on the spout herself to get shampoo and I love the clean ingredients without overwhelming scents
The flavor is great, crunchy and does not bring up my diabetic numbers, they are very sweet , a little too sweet
Nose was slightly raw by the end of the box. Wish they offered these with lotion.
Love this things when I can find a bowl it will fit to cover it works great! Could provide some different sizes to make it easier to fit all of my kitchen wear.
Better buy more tape won't stick good
My toddler has to take an antibiotic daily so I bought this to help prevent yeast problem. She and her sister both love it. The texture gets a bit hard after the bottle opens but the kids don't seem to mind.
I loved the palette so much! It's pretty pigmented for the price. I'm dark skinned so I had to double up on the layers but I loved it! Would definitely buy again 🥰
Husband uses this product for frequent urination problems which is very helpful to him with night visits to bathroom and sleep interuption
These are cute and tasty but cannot say that after a month of using them that I have noticed much of a difference in my hair which is very fine to begin. I think my nails are doing pretty well but they are usually pretty strong because I do not do any fake nails to damage them.
Satisfied with overall product and timely shipping/packaging. Price was a bit high
I like the scent a lot.
The buttons are rather hard, so kids had a hard time lighting the cake candles. Took an adult to help them. Other than that, the lighters work fine most of the time.
This is high quality bit it is too small for me.
It's OK but very bulky
For all of you sitting on the fence saying well I've heard about this toy but I m not sure we will get sure of all the toys I've bought my wife over the years this is by far her all time favourite, and if you love seeing your woman squirt then this cute vibrator is what you want her she cums fast and hard over and over again.
This lube is actually really good. The bottle can make the storage area a little messy but the lube itself is good
I've been buying Solaray products for quite sometime now. However, this one it's a bit disappointing because of the long time it takes to dissolve under your tongue. After a while you have no choice but to end up chewing what's left, which is not the way it should be.
These are great. Very comfortable and easy to put on. The only problem that I have is that they are noisey. The foam squeaks and it can be annoying
He's only used it once so far but it seemed to make a difference.
A bit challenging to assemble, but otherwise worked great. Helped out a lot with my ankle surgery.
These taste horrible, to me. But they are great quality and they do help my chill enough to sleep. Definitely worth choking them down :)
My husband hurt his leg and using this daily for the pain it helps. Also use this during long flights keeps from his legs from hurting.
Fits pefect just what I expected, like how it has 3 spread pieces to it so can use what you need from it.
This works good its a good diet pills but would recomend to take them all together to see more results ,or u can mix it with apple cider vinegar to have that lost weight u want as well but definitly its a good recomendation but it works differently for every one
perfect travel size and cost savings
I practice Intermittent Fasting 16 hours a day with an eight hour window for eating. I was looking for something to take the edge off. I was very skeptical at first because Ive tried so many things to help curb my appetite, but to my surprise...this really works! I usually take it twice a day a half hour before my main meal and about six hours into my fast. It really helps me stay on track and focus on putting good, healthy food in my mouth instead of junk. When I take it six hours into my fast....i still feel hungry, mostly because I am naturally hungry.....it doesnt necessarily make my stomach stop growling, but it really does take the edge off my hunger so that I can get thru the night. The effect for me lasts about four hours. No jitters, headaches or stomach cramps like other products. And you can take it before you go to bed, which is ideal for me. I would recommend giving this product a try.
I have purchased this item twice. It arrived quickly both times. I like this product so much that I only deducted one star for it breaking after three years. My mom used it almost daily and she is not a small woman. It was also installed in her black car, in the heat and cold of Tennessee. The price is so reasonable and the product is so helpful to my mother, I wouldn't mind if they only lasted a year. It is well made and easy to install. You roll down the car window and wrap it around the top frame of your door. then snap it in place. Then close your window and adjust it according to your needs. It is very well made, yet the strap is thin enough to allow the car window to go all the way up. There is no gap that would give a thief easy access to your car. I would highly recommend assisting an elderly person or with anyone with bad balance to install and learn how to use. It needs to be in the correct place to work safely. When adjusting for individual needs, you can easily pull the door closed on yourself or injure your arm/shoulder when using it. Also, it takes some testing to utilize it in the best manner. If it isn't in the right place, it can actually make it harder to get in and out of the car. You also have to adjust the length to allow enough reach without the caddie hitting the driver in the face or obscuring your vision while driving. (You could remove it and place it back each time you needed it. I would recommend marking the spot to reinstall it. You can't get the best use of the product if it's not in the correct spot). When installed correctly, you actually use the top of the door frame to pull yourself in an upward motion when exiting your car. It is this pulling upward motion that allows you to lift or hold yourself without slamming the door on yourself. When entering your car, you can steady yourself with a bit more fluid movement as you are using it to close your door as well. Once it is in place and you have gotten used to the body mechanics of using it, you will find it to be a tool that you can't live without. My mom may not be able to continue to drive if she didn't have the Stander Car Caddie.
Bought this for the hubby ,he is very happy with it.
The combo pack did not work out for me, so the company allowed me to try this one for free in exchange for my honest review. Let me just say that this is way more comfortable than the cups in the combo pack. I like that the stem is cylindrical and short as opposed to long and flat. I also like that the seam is along the rim and not running down the sides of the cup. The cup is much softer and the rim is just firm enough to easily pop open. The upside to having a softer cup is that 1) you really don't feel it, and 2) it lessens the bathroom issue of not being able to potty properly (or completely), because the cup is pushing on your bladder. I've also figured out the best positioning for me, which helps too. The downside to having a softer cup, specifically in the base, is that you have to work a little more when pushing up the cup. Other that that, I really like the cup. It does closely resemble the Blossom Cup for any one who has tried that one, but not sure how it truly compares in functionality. It's a very good price for what you get in the box. I appreciate Pixie Cup giving me the opportunity to test and review their product.
You guys might want to think about better packaging. These boxes are thrown around during shipping, there's no bubble wrap and pump was broken off.
They are cute to kids, but the chap stick fell out as soon as it was opened.
Very soft. Love them...but leave furries on my face.
This is put back for medical reasons I hope to never have to use. I would not brush my teeth with it though.
I liked the sturdiness, good fit for my child's knee, i did not like, that was not easy to put on.
Weight is good. This company is like the apple of packaging. Comes actually packed so it's not all warped. At first the idea of it seems weird to be so disproportionate but works great effective and highly functional. Would buy again.
probably not a guy thing
I have noticed some scaly patches on my legs. After researching, I decided to add Urea to my skincare regimen. I have only been using a few days and the scaly patches seem to be getting better. So the exfoliation properties are definitely there. However, this is not moisturizing at all. It makes skin very sticky and when it dries my skin loks ashy and dry. I think I may use this only at night and will use my regular lotion during the day.
2nd time ordering. Great for keeping glass water bottle clean at work.
No nasty aftertaste or burps. So far this does not irritate my stomach and flair my ulcers like fish oil does. I will update this review after two weeks of using the product.
This stuff is really strong, so I keep it with the litter box and it has worked out well. Kind of nauseating to spray it in the living room though.
I like this product a lot. I would have given it 5 stars but I don't think it is controlling my appetite like I thought it would. I have noticed that it does control my appetite decent though. It is better than several other products that I have used. It doesn't give me the jitters like a lot of other products. I have lost around 6 pounds after a week and a half. I am pairing this with the hydroxycut gummies as well. I have noticed an increase in energy as well. One other nice thing is you don't have to take this several times a day. I take 2 pills once a day in the morning and it seems to last. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone.
These were for my mom, she liked how they were made. They were, how ever to tight at the elastic top. She decided to keep them, hoping they will loosen up.
They sent long instead of regular length.
These putties are very fun and helpful for my thumb issues on both hands. I ordered two sets so I have them handy around the house. I play them from softest to hardest while I watch TV at night. Very addictive and therapeutic!
I probably should have read the description and measured out the dimension of the utility pouch before hand, but I figured it would be the size of a fist. Well, I was wrong. It's about the size of an iPad, albeit slightly smaller. I wanted to use it for my range belt, but when filled with medical supplies, it likes to wobble around. It's made of great quality and the zipper is amazing. Doesn't feel cheap or 'China' made. Has tons of room on the inside for everything imaginable. The velcro feels strong, so I don't expect it to wear out any soon. It's a great medical pouch, although a little chunky, it still gets the job done.
This back brace does its job perfectly, and corrects your posture ! It's a bit uncomfortable to put on, probably because I slouch so much but I'm sure that will change very soon
easy to use and looks and smells great.
This is such a versatile product and very tasty, but I think it's a little pricey so I use it sparingly, but when I add it to my coffee or mix it in a protein shake it tastes indulgent. Packed with great stuff!
It is the third time to buy it. It is good
This is a bit tricky to turn on. It shuts off a bit too easily. (Frustrating) The box says it's a female massager. The description didn't exactly say that. We use it to relax neck muscles & back muscles in my child with C.P. Able to target the muscle (s) that are tight on him. IDK how it would be for the other purpose. However it's a good little massager to tight muscles.
tastes like sawdust, but what do you expect. You'll definitely need to add other thing to your shakes/smoothies to make them taste good with this stuff.
Gave me great energy. Recommend taking it with food, first few weeks I took it alone and it upset my stomach. Now I take it after meals. Would definitely recommend if you are already taking a green tea supplement.
Came in package which makes it easy to store the bags for future use. Bags are well made,sturdy and easy to hold. Nice design and good quality. Overall satisfied with the purchase.
Works great to put on my bracelets. Handle is a bit thicker than I thought it would be. Does the job.👍
Very cute but cannot hold much weight.
I'm currently 28 weeks pregnant with my first child, and just started drinking this earlier this week. I am, by no means, a tea connoisseur. I'm extremely picky about what I eat and drink, so I was hesitant because I've always had to add in sugar or cream to my tea. Surprisingly, and excitingly, this has a gentle flavor, doesnt leave an aftertaste (yay!), and doesnt need anything added. I've been letting it steep in a large mug or 16 oz travel mug for 5-10 min instead of brewing 2 different cups. Hoping it helps with labor,since it's so expensive. But at the very least, its keeping me warm sipping on this during winter time without adding additional sugars to the diet.
The cleaning beads are very easy to use. I swirl them around with a small amount of water with Dawn detergent, flush the decanter with beads still inside decanter, then pour most of the water out. After emptying the decanter a good amount I then put a dishtowel in the bottom of the sink and pour out the beads carefully. Rinse beads and done. The decanter cleaning brush is clunky on my decanter. I was able to get puddles out of the decanter, but not able to swish the brush around the bottom of the decanter. I'm going to give it a pass only because of the possibility of my decanter design. Other than that, good products.
Love these! Got them to make my household straw free and they are adorable in food photography shoots
Not as much mint as I would prefer.
Its very good, not as good as some of the other flavors I've tried
helped me in the mornings when first standing up
This product is supposed to be used for decreasing inflammation, as recommended by certain health practitioners. The crystals take a while to dissolve and the taste is slightly bitter, which wasn't necessarily a bad thing. At this point of using for over a month, I don't notice much change. The scientific research shows some efficacy.
Don't feel any difference but hope they are helping body
I think it was working unsure. I do workout and eat a healthy diet. So I'm not sure if it worked or not. Didn't see much of weight lost..
The track keeps the balls in place. All you have to do is roll a little one way or the other to hit another part of your back. It has been helpful to release the muscle pain I was having.
Take note of size of pill case. Was larger then I expected, but that's ok. Well made. I am, however, having problems figuring out how to slide out one day at a time to separate it from other days?
Although I needed to follow up with an ENT, this did dull the discomfort I was having until I could get a stronger antibiotic. I would highly recommend these drops!
Beautiful and works well, just add extra oil so you can smell it better. Doesn't put out a lot of mist that's one problem, but other than that it's a good product.
They are a perfect size and absorb liquids completely. After washing noticed some loose threading but not a major concern
Great pump. All the flavors are awesome. I feel like I have a small 30 minute window to start working out so it "hits" in the weight room and not after or before. Overall, you're going to get a great workout with this stuff.
The length is optimal. I was expecting a little more absorbency...did Poise change the strength of the pads?
Meets my expectations. I like the smell will probably purchase again.
These were the small cans which I didn't notice
Great product! Didnt notice much difference in the bedroom but the energy during the day is great!!
Big size and strong flavor but great
I would have given them 5 stars except I have not started using this batch as yet. In the past however, I can say that they have always performed more than satisfactory.
Very nice--but bulb burned out very quickly.
Very good product and adds a great feel. Only thing that kept it from 5 stars is the swivel is still stiff. Hard to adjust and get the angle just right
The polish colors are great! Could stay on a bit longer though. For the size of the bottles, I feel the cost could be a bit cheaper.
Good Product. Dissolves quickly as described. The taste isnt the most spectacular for any of the flavors, but is far more feasible to carry around with you than an equivalent amount of gatorade. I am a runner that puts in a lot of miles in a given week, so these are very convenient to keep in my desk drawer or in my bag. I would recommend these to others and would order again.
The price was great.
Great but a little flimsy maybe I just didn't do it right! But I loved the taste of it. I will buy again to see if it was my faulty abilities!!!
I have a strong effect from this but the bottle isnt enough to last me. I use a lot throughout the day and finish a bottle within a week. I would like a bigger bottle if possible.
ease of use and well made
I wanted to have something not bulky so that I can wear inside my shirt or jacket to go outside. This is it. Much thinner that traditional back brace but still has decent amount of support. I'm glad I purchased this item.
What I like about this product is that it is clean and simple. It arrived on time and in good condition and packaging was secure and attractive...wrap a bow on the attractive black box and you're gift ready. It has a battery level indicator which is nice to ensure it will be ready for use when you are. A two stage switch does offer an additional level of safety making accidental spark less likely. It is wind proof and lit candles and fireworks wicks effectively, though didn't do well for cigarettes. The neck is the perfect length and bends 360 degrees. I did use it to light my gas grill when the electric starter on the grill failed. All in all, I am pleased with the purchase. As I said, it is simple in design and usage, but I suggest adding some type of instructions for use just from a safety perspective. There you have it.
Works and fairly comfortable and vert adjustable.
They seem to be working well. The odors in the new used car were noticeably less for at least 2 weeks. I have them out now laying in the sun to recharge. I will try hanging them when I put them back in the car.
Worked great for my prenatal umbilical hernia, but also made my hips look really fat and could be seen under clothes.
This hand cream has a nice light texture but the scent is a bit too strong for my taste.
just what I needed! Good variety of sizes (though a smaller, cocktail-size would be good!). I'm able to keep a couple at work and at home so I will always have straws available vs using plastic. Thank you for a good product!
I bought these to help cushion my toes during a gout attack. They worked well and are not uncomfortable once you figure out how to put them on correctly. I also have hammer toes but haven't worn them long enough to see if they have any long term effect.
I feel a difference, but I think I need to continue on it for at least six months on a regimen, to see its full effect
Haven't used this but once. Just received it.
It seems very accurate for weight. You really do need to use the app, which uses some algorithms to give you a lot of the statistics. It uses the stuff it measures, weight and heart beat. Then uses what you tell it, age, height. Then uses an algorithm to give you the rest of the statistics. A little hocus pocus, but seems interesting and fun. All in all, I think it is cool. It's great to track your progress on the app.
nice size pads to prevent accidents and protect the mattress from getting ruined.
good price...works fine
Assembly is quite difficult but product is beautiful if you can figure it out.
This is a really cool product!
These are huge. Great for traveling, especially with little ones as they cover the entire toilet set. Recommended
I live in Las Vegas, and frequent a lot of trade shows, so excessive walking, seasonal perspiring, and constant chafing are a unavoidable here. I find it works as well as Johnson & Johnson, but nothing special. I no longer use J&J due to the reports that is causes cervical cancer, so I was looking for an alternative. I didn't care for the smell, it smells like your typical feminine care product. You might also try MONISTAT Chafing Relief Powder Gel, and when I do get a rash, Clotrimazole Cream works very well to get rid of it... usually in less than 24 hours.
Good size and sturdy
Works great, but not perfect. The gel could be a tad softer, maybe?
Holds well. A bit tough to cut but that might jus be my scissors
The foot on these is very short so anyone with mobility issues could have a difficult time removing them at the end of the day.
great for all ages when needed
I have been using this cream for almost 1 month, the cream is very thick and I try to use the smallest amount I can to make it last.if you use too much, you can feel a small residue in the afternoons. Use sparingly. The cream itself does have a light pleasant smell. I am trying to firm up and help whatever I can at 47 years old, so I am hoping for good results in end. I will keep using small amounts.
The flavor of the product is excellent but the scent is a little vague, not very "mango-y". The texture is a little grainy on application but smooths out once it's on the lips.
Product was good but arrived without any cushioning or bubble wrap.
Love this product and the storage pouch. Easy to use.
Works well, brush area big enough for good scrub. Secures nicely on bottom of tub. Would recommend.
I love these bags. I use them in both baths and bedrooms. They're strong and they smell nice. Although I love these and have purchased them before, this time they arrived in the original box which was extremely damaged and partially opened. It was as if they didn't give a $h!t about how they delivered this product. Didn't need everyone to know what I ordered.
I am glad to have the refills but wish they were a bit softer. It does a fairly good job but the handle could be longer and the actual sponge re-positionable .
It doesn't hold a lot of water so I have to constantly refill it. However the most is pretty good and helps my curls loosen up without fully soaking my hair
MY HUSBAND USES THESE
It works as described. Really easy to use and adjust.
It took many years to get this darn toe fungus. It will take awhile to get it to go away. But it appears to be working and I'm very religious about putting it on morning and night. We'll let you know!
Bottle can be improved, it leaves the residue around the bottle neck.
Trying to find that live tree scent year round.
My hot water bottle started leaking so I needed to find a replacement in a hurry... This one works great. I find the neck a little long (doesn't quite fit in my cover), but that is likely just related to my cover. Otherwise, I think the price was good and the hot water bottle itself works as expected/hoped for.
Folic acid so far does wat it needs to trying to conceive
I've been using Clear Care for years and love it. For the last few weeks though, it's been burning the crap out of my eyes every morning. I've tried rinsing with saline, switching to a new bottle, gone through several pairs of new contact lens and even new hand soap (!!!) to fix the problem, but it was still burning. Finally, I came here to let everyone know that this product is a fake! In reading the other reviews though, it sounds like it's the CASE that's the problem. Apparently, you need to use a NEW CASE every time you open a new bottle. Well, I had no idea. I knew you had to let it sit for 6+ hours, but I didn't realize that the case itself stops being effective after a certain amount of time. If you don't replace the case, the hydrogen peroxide isn't neutralized and you'll burn the heck out of your eyes.
It was a bit more chalky than I expected. Added to coffee and smoothies. Didn't love it in my coffee, okay in smoothies.
I've been buying these for years, lately they seem to come off easier
The patches are great but I was sent a few that are expired. I wish they review the expiration before selling them.
A little bulkier than I thought it would be, but works well.
The brace fits fine, however as other reviews state , the Velcro does stick to stuff it's not supposed to stick to. I find this did nothing really for my trigger thumb:(
Glad to have found this for when my son is extra stuffy with a cold. The pads can be a little tricky to get into the unit, but otherwise I like it.
Good balance between number of uses per roll, length required per usage, lack of harshness, and strength.
I find the product to give me a boost and delay fatigue. The fruit punch flavor is very easy to drink when mixed with ice. I needed something extra to help with my time trial training and now will use the product on a regular basis.
These are so much more comfortable than a band aid
Doesn't feel as cold as other products, but it is better made and is very comfortable to wear. Easy to work with, the cold pad Velcro's to the boot for consistent placement every time. Seems solid so far.
The front pocket is supposed to stretch to fit a water bottle. This only fits, if you have nothing in the main pocket. Other than that it is great for what I need.
Used for the first time yesterday, I think it only needs to be more precise. For this price, it is definitely worth it. More than 2 layers are required.
I would have to be on this product a bit longer to give better results... so far, so good...
I liked that it is waterproof, it can rotate and massage my face and used with a cleanser.
Pretty standard batteries. Was looking to power my Casio multi-function watch which is about 20yrs. old now. And didn't want to take chance with amy mon-branded stuff. As the watch had been sitting powerless for past few years. Thought it will be a great addition to my newly acquired hiking passion accessories. So I get these batteries plug it in and right away the watch is back to its old glory. Have been using it since a couple o weeks now. Battery charge is holding steady. So far so good (: ...
These are very comfortable to wear. They do not hurt my nose or ears. I love that they came with a strap to attach them around my head so they don't fall off when looking down. The lenses are very easy to put on the glasses. The led light is very bright, however it wasn't the easiest to put the batteries in.
They're Clippers, they're great. Apart from the two times I've ordered I have received at least a couple if not more wrong lighters that were not in the picture. I got a partial refund the first time, and didn't bother with it the second time. Either way, good quality at a great price.
Little hard to swallow as they are big and need to take 3 daily!
great product, good taste, fast delivery and as advertised
Husband's trying to get me to take better care of myself. Started by taking black seed oil, Ceylon cinnamon and green tea pills recommended by a friend. Great seasons puts out a great product.
Great device to help out stretching lower back.
Worked pretty good for me. It really helped with my cravings and suppressed my appetite somewhat.
I got the L/XL and it fits, but just barely. Seems to run small.
Lasted almost 6 months. I've never had one that's lasted much longer than that. Vibrations were definitely enough. Lots of settings. My boyfriend said, "got your rocks off for six months for 20 bucks? Not bad".
This is very comfortable on my eyes and completely dark. Velcro does snag hair sometimes.
Works well enough at the price I paid. The rotating massage balls do make a bit of creaking noise when moderate pressure/force is applied to the straps. The heat works reasonably well also.
Works quickly for constipation
These taste great but they're sickening to the stomach after a few days. I would stick them in q few times a week at most, they're like a desert protein.
I like how it is small discreet but yet powerful vibrations to choose from. The only thing i dont like is when going to charge it with the magnetic charger one has to have the cord sitting just the right way otherwise it wont charge so it is picky how you set it down plugged in.
Keeps cold for a long time. The outside fabric will get wet if water is left for a long time.
This product really works. After regular intake it reduced dark spots on my face. No side-effects.
If you need to take magnesium, these are easy to swallow capsules.
This product is made fairly well. A good purchase for the money. I use it and it is very handy. I don't travel much but love that it has a case. It is easy to work with and that is a plus for me.
I use this to spread my serums as my evening ritual and it feels great and works well. It's soothing and cool to the skin and helps my skin absorb the serums. Lovely.
Just received my readers today. My first impression is that are well built and appear to be a good value. My order came in a 4 pack, only one of the 4 pairs seems to have weak springs in the arm portion of the glasses which I hope are not going to be a problem holding the glasses secure to my face in the future. I will do a more thorough review when I have used them for a month.
It isn't perfect but it is the most comfortable snore help I've had. Positives: it is super easy to use and did I mention comfortable? Negatives : it will fall out a lot and you end up sucking your tongue back into your mouth and snoring anyway.
Daughter loves it for my grandson
helps to reduce pain level and in some cases removes it
Good product, only concern is the water adjustment, there is some improvement can be.
Product is very good and effective
I've had it for about a month and have been sleeping better. Purchased it because of a shoulder injury to take away pressure. Its taken a while to get used to, but my quality of sleep has improved. My only complaint or point for improvement would be to offer a pillow that's longer to fit taller/longer torso to improve the comfort and support of my lower back and hips.
I never received this order. Not my first time ordering. Never had a problem before. Just reordered. How do I get a credit? I have all tracking info.
definitely found this helpful.
Holds tall H/C containers but not normal sized coffee cups which disappointed me a little. Otherwise is an excellent fit and holds water bottles and tall skinny cups just fine. handle slot is convenient for cups that fit. the diameter of the holder needs to be at least 3 3/8" to work with coffee cups.
Product comes out white but once you wrap it in and turns on most clear still lose a little bit of a wait cast but that's to be expected if you want any protection I think. The one thing that I don't like is that it comes a little runny. When we shake up the bottle before applying some of it gets stuck in that cap lid. Because it is a little more runny a lot squirts out of the bottle at a time you have to be careful with it especially if you're having your child try to apply it on themselves . The good thing about it being a little bit runny as it's very easy to spread on your body and rub in.
Batteries work so far, I cant write about longevity as I just put them in my watch.
They fit just fine. They work fine and feel OK. They are softer than the head that came with the Oral B, but I guess that's OK. Value pack for sure.
not all cartridges fit snugly and some are too snug. we had an issue with the power cord early on BUT they not only sent a new one quickly they sent TWO! the company is great!
i like hope they are working i cant really tell. i do like the septic product
This is AMAZING! SOFT and flexible.
Works well. No gallbladder so this helps with digestion.
Works very well but weight drifted down when battery needed a recharge. Maybe add a reminder to the app when the battery is getting low.
Just got this product on the 6th of this month only used it for 2 days. Way too soon to see results.
unable to judge at this time.Only been using it a couple of months.
Tastes Good. Mixes well with water.
Works perfectly, I set it up and headed out for a couple hours. When I came home, it was filled with beautiful lavender, which is relaxing. My only complaint is that it feels a little cheap, but it wasn't the most expensive diffuser anyway. I like the light function, and the cute rose gold color.
We had a problem with the first one, but they were so kind to replace it for us. The customer service is great. So far so good.
Really liked them! I only wish they had more calories and could be used as run fuel. I see myself using these as a quick health boost at work.
It seemed to work well there were just a few things that it didn't shine up very well. I probably buy it again.
It works great . Batterie doesn't last to long but it is easy to charge no more empty lighters.
They need to let you know up front a recommended dose is 5 capsules. However, 5 capsules knocked me out. You need to supplement it with vitamin C to avoid it making you sleepy. I did notice some improvement in my arthritis pain after two weeks of 2 capsules every day.
The product is excellent, but I only received one bottle not 6 bottles which is advertised.
Great pad to use for therapy and in bed!
I use this product for health reasons and it really benefits me. This is a great supplement to take.
So far it's what they said
These were exactly what I expected. The top rolls down and cuts into my thigh. The rest feels good on my legs but I had to take them off after 3 hours.
Love the smell, only drawback is that it doesn't stay warm for as long as I would like it to.
I liked the flavor of this drink but it is very sweet. I made 2 from one bottle by adding water.
I haven't tried thise type of a massager before but decided to give it a shot. Turns out to be pretty well. I has those fancy red lights or you can use without lights. I tried playing on my pillow and laid my head on it. It was pretty hard feeling on the head. So I decided to not lay on it and just used my hands to move it around my head which actually felt good and relaxing. It would have been awesome if they had the option to charge it and use but other than that it does job.
This is a good massage pillow. I have two issues with it. One, it is really aggressive and hurts at times. I love hard massages but this is too hard. My other issue is when I have it on my upper back it slips upward and I have to hold it in place. Other than that, it does its job.
I've been using this product for a month so the jury is still out. However I was very impressed with such timely delivery...
I really like this product. It works well and provides relief. It did make my stomach a bit nauseous at first but I'm happy with the results and think it's worth it. I recommend it and will order again! I have just ordered after being off for a long time. I can't feel much of a difference yet.
Seriously? "This product contains a chemical known to cause birth defects & reproductive harm." NO THANKS Organic India. UPDATE: Organic India has info on their website about Prop 65 Warning so I feel somewhat better about consuming this. I did some additional research with other "organic" items which also have the Prop 65 Warning. Herbs & natural items pick up lead from the soil (or can have arsenic) but allegedly this is not in concentrations anywhere near that which could cause harm? I'm not totally convinced of what is going on here but will continue my research before blowing a gasket.
Love it! The vibration is a great feature, as well as the free little bottle of lube. My suction cup isn't the greatest, but it works. Customer service is the best, Amira was very helpful.
Have high liver enzymes, so have been taking since late May. First blood test this week so we'll see and may just change to 5 stars. 4 stars for delivery, quality, and ease of taking pill.
While backpacking, I still resist the stink rather than embrace it. These are essential for continuing to feel like a human. I just wish that the sheets wouldn't grip each other so much when trying to pull them from the package.
These bars are very tasty.
I just received my brace and have worn it for about 12 hours. My initial reaction was when I received the brace it did not say one size fits all but that it fit xs-s. Luckily I fit into that category, all though I probably would have ordered a medium just for the extra room. I also think that the thumb hole could be constructed different so it isn't so tight. But over all I like the feel of it. I like that it's versatile and easy to put on.
Makes you feel better. Worked for my stomach flu
I really hate writing reviews after only a little use, but the support belly brace seems good so far! I'll update this if I find anything earth shattering. I am 5'4", 180 pounds preggo, and got a large.
For the price it works really great. I love it.
I like these added to my humidifier.
Giving 4 stars just because they're pretty thin
It relaxes me and my pets
Great sleep mask. Only minus is that it doesnt have those 3D eye holes.
The heating pad seems to work well. Documents with the item say to register it to activate the two year warranty. The website listed offers no such service, the support email does not work and the phone number listed is no good. It makes one wonder if this company is still in business.
The boxing for Charmin has never been a full enclosed package. This time the packing tape was run straight down the middle over the product. It ripped the sanitary wrap open on 2 packages. I do not want replacement but you need to find another way to package this when sending out for delivery.
Heavy duty set of nail clippers! The larger set works well for thicker toe nails and the nail file worked really well on my acrylic nails. The clipping motion as you squeeze is smooth and doesn't bother my arthritis.
So far so good. No further irritation, no signs of BV or yeast. Formulation is very greasy though that's the only minor criticism but I would buy again.
It is just hard to not fit in. Curvy girls get too much attention compared to us. That is why I bought this without even hesitating. So far I don't see any side effects or allergies and so. But I can already see some differences in my breast. Though not in my lips and butt but I would still use this continuously since there is already some sort of result. Guess it is because it is just my 1st month? Just gotta update you guys.
Love how structured it is for a small pillow! It's nice to have the support and not take up the whole bed!
excellent product, very good quality ... I recommend 100%.
I love this lighter. The only problem is the battery dies fast. Other than that it is really cool!
I just received mine this week, and couldn't wait to try it! I was disappointed with the quality of actual wand. It is made of plastic, but is very flimsy. The blue part that sits at the top of the large base was completely detached from the rest of the base. However, I was able to snap everything back into place. The wand is a little difficult to pull out from the base, and you need to be careful with the handle. I feel like one wrong pull could break it. However, I have never had any other tool pick up as much hair as this did! I mean, it picked up all of my white cats hair from my violet comforter and my black throw pillows! So I was very impressed. I decided to keep it and overlook the quality of how it's built. Hope this helps you!
Have crps/rsd, general pain and lack of sleep. Can tell exactly if they are helping, but they are not hurting my condition. For for price it's seems worth it. Can't complain.
Love this version. Not to big, and decent battery life. Major design flaw in replacing the band, however.
It's good to try new items which these were all need to us.
Very thick and soft but runs out quick. Rolls not very big.
Works for me also researched use for dog anxiety took a rescue on airplane for first time he did great
Didn't get to use but will hopefully use at a later date.
Where as expected. Have a good amount of compression while still providing room to get a larger leg into them.
it is an ok pill organizer. but the sleeve is weird: you could only put the boxes in the sleeve from one side of the top, even though there are holes on both sides of the top. and when taking the boxes out from the bottom part, the hole is on the opposite side of the functioning top hole!
While I have a systemic problem that needs to be addressed through some dietary and lifestyle changes, this spray works great topically to stop the itch and irritation of the yeast on contact. It's helping to keep the symptoms at bay while I seek out the root cause...
Have no had blood test yet to see how well they will work.
I have been having pain where I just couldn't get to and this works great.
Just a solid lacrosse ball, can't see why anyone would need a more expensive lacrosse ball for the purpose of deep tissue work.
The vibration is a bit loud but I like the spontaneous play at home or in public. The vibration speeds are average. Overall decent by if u r just looking for a little tease
Good protection. Tends to stretch and loosen fit in a couple hours. Very good price.
Awesome pill box, my dad has cancer and he takes about 9 medications so this box helped clear up a lot of space on his night stand and he can just grab it and go anytime.
My ears are always plugged, tried this, still plugged, but they aren't itchy anymore
Reliable and fast. Good quality plastic.
Like size Dislike not strong enough Hard to stand up from in shower
I used these primarily at work and when tying flies. I love the ability to take them off and have them right there around my neck, as I am perpetually placing my normal 'cheaters' elsewhere (like the top of my head, on the bench next to me, in a desk drawer, etc.) and then forgetting where I laid them. Materials are high quality, including the lenses. The only issue I have experienced is that I have what must be an unusually 'deep' head so the glass frames sometimes strain at my nose or the back of my neck. The frames are wide enough, but I wish the stems were a little longer. The manufacturer offers multiple fits in this product, so take the time to measure yourself before ordering.
Good addition to exercise and healthy diet
Relief is almost instantly
I take it to help with my cholesterol levels. Seems to be helping.
I like this product! It sticks on well and helps my cgm last longer! Only complaint is the middle hole isn't as big as I'd like. For the price and amount of patches you get I think it's well worth it though
Other throat sprays taste better than this one. It's really strong.
These taste ok, but should be dipped in chocolate
Taking this for failing memory. Seems to work. Only problem is that capsules often clump together.
Not the most expensive or high quality set available but it certainly works well.
Love this product really works. It works so good that it sold out soon as a it hit the pharmacy.
The product is so expensive. I do not see the benefit over other natural shampoo's/conditioner's, so I will not be ordering again.
Great taste all things considered. Make sure to read the label you need 3 scoops to get the amount of protein that's posted on side of product. Only draw back so far is the supply. I'm signed up for monthly delivery but most months it's not available. Hopefully this issue is resolved I plan on using for years to come.
I am so happy I stumbled upon this product. I wish I would have known about it 25 years ago! Cold sore are painful on top of being gross and these patches cover them protect them and by not being exposed reduce the pain. I wish the size was smaller bc I often have to cut in half and it gets complicated. Also don't try to pull these puppies off willy nilly —- boy does that hurt. Just put it on and leave it alone until it falls off bc it will pull your soul along with the upper layer of ur skin. Highly recommended - makes me feel human and not gross during an outbreak.
The absolute best non-dairy protein shake I have found. True chocolate flavor, no chalky after taste. Even my child (picky eater) will drink this! I drink one for breakfast every day, have it on auto shipment. Update: the container lids on my last two four packs have CONSISTENTLY leaked while consuming - leading to chocolate all in my lap. I've prepared for this and now I drink it out of a cup, but wanted to share the warning. I would not drink it on the go out of that container!
It came in a sealed bottle. None of the pills were damaged. They state they have vitamins. They are easily swallowed.
Color not as dark as online. But is great as a highlight to my already blue green locs.
Bought for my mom who was having trouble raising her arms to brush her hair. She thinks it works well.
The first one I ordered came broken and was squirted all over the box. The company sent a replacement, which was very nice, but it also came in a smashed box. This time the bottle worked and it's actually a pretty awesome product. I really like the formulation of the lube and the bottle looks just like any other lotion. It's actually exactly what I wanted, BUT I'd be wary of getting this again unless they made the packaging better.
A little hard to get the hang of at first but after it's pretty good
Had to order online because EVERY where I looked the items were not in stock.
Smells great, all natural. Still prefer dove
I feel so much better after taking this supplement.
Takes some getting use to. But has already started relieving pain.
I gave it a four rating because I trust Terry Naturally products, but I have not taken it long enough to know how well it helps. It seems my hair is not falling out as much as it was prior to taking.. I will have to take longer to give a true rating.
Works great.. If wearing for planning on wearing for more than 3 days I recommend the waterproof.
We used this for my dad getting in and out of the car only. He would hold himself up for us to take it out and put under him. Worked well for us in just that function of moving legs together easily in and out of car. He did not sit on it as it would not be comfortable and does not conform to the chair.
After knee surgery and difficulty reaching down, this wonderful grabber allows me to be independent while dressing. Great design.
Recommended by my doctor
I've had my share of knee issues (4 left knee surgeries, patellar tendonitis, etc) and this supplement has offered me the most relief. I'm on my feet for work constantly and still work out 3-4 times a week and this has noticeably reduced my joint pain and even seems to have provided relief in my patellar tendon. I've only been taking it about a month, but will continue to take it as it has allowed me to get back to some activities that I was avoiding previously.
These sleeves offered great support. I'm able to run around the house with these on without having to wear orthotics. The only issue I have is due to my high instep. The fabric wads up on top of my foot which gets uncomfortable.
So it is true that this helps with high blood sugar, however I don't think it does any better than the other brands. So 4 stars.
So far so good with these computer glasses. This is my first pair to ever have. I had Lasik done several years ago and my eyes get very dry and fatigued. The only issue I had with these was when I opened them from the package one of the legs was broken. Instead of sending them back I used a little super glue and somewhat fixed them. If they really do work I'll consider buying another pair.
I bought it for use in aircraft in high altitude of flight time 16 hours and above Unable see any indication on card as yet - probably nil or very Low radiation flying over North Pole
Have been using this product for my son for years. Would like to see products for young boys. Maybe a masculine scent and packaging.
Came on time and fit my cup perfectly. A little smaller than the straw I'm used too but will definitely last longer.
It seems to be helping my son.
Thought it would have more of an orange flavor, thus 4 stars. Tastes more grapefruit like. Was impressed with how I felt the day after a heavy workout. I was not as sore and tired like I normally would be. BCAA was the only new item I added so it had to be that.
Accurate, but a little big and heavy for travel. Will keep.
They are very comfortable, some of the other ear plugs tend to start hurting my ears after a little while, but not these. My husband snores really loud sometimes and these ear plugs drowned out the sound enough so it didnt bother me. It didn't make it so I couldn't hear at all but that's ok with me. I was able to get a goo nights sleep with these.
Very compact. Great for travel. Bag could be a little bit bigger to fit humidifier and mask at the same time for cleaning.
Works pretty well, smells great. I run my fingers under the warmest water I can stand, quickly dry them, then use the back of my thumb nail to scoop a small pea size amount... Then try to spread it into the stache. It's a lot of extra steps, but some have said to hit it with a hair dryer for a few seconds and it'll melt to apply more evenly. I'm sure that would greatly improve my experience. Maybe even the hold strength.
Super tiny boxes in one pack- could make cute gifts. Candies are tasty enough, especially since they are supplements! I like the 4 different types: Calm, Turmeric, Energy, & Sleep.
Friend suggested I try these. These helped me a bit
The pads stick well and were what I expected. Good price . I've used them about 5 time and stick like the first time .
Been taking for a month now, gives you that extra boost when working out
Packed full of vitamins, my only concern is how much of it my body is actually absorbing.
I didn't attribute much to this but took two containers of it. I've been getting compliments on my skin and my hair has been getting thicker. I don't usually receive compliments on my skin so it must be doing something. Buying a third container. Lol.
Very nice considering the ones the dr wanted me to buy were 80 for one pair ... they make me hot hope I'm able to wear all day ... good value tho
my kid doesn't particularly like it but it is a good product
Good product. Effective and works.
They have no yet broken, but I've been using them for blending inks on cardstock and sometimes can be a little hard on them. I think they work great.
I used to buy the store branded beard oil at the big box stores in the area. This is a better price and works just as good, if not better, than the other brands out there. My only complaint is that it's slightly more watery feeling than my last brand but that's just a minor complaint.
It seems to have a calming down effect on me, which is good at bedtime. I use it with St John's Wort, so I can't really attest to its effectiveness on its own. However, I will probably be ordering it again.
These work pretty well
Well I went to the doctors a month ago I've been taking these for about 3 weeks first day to gave me diarrhea I was taking three at a time I dropped down to taking one at a time seems to have worked better have not changed my diet at all and I've lost 13 lb since Lance month without trying not sure if it's a coincidence did you see or they just been working great I am pretty content for this product
Not only does it keep my eye shadow on all day, my eye liner stays on as well.
Learning curve to apply
I have not had it long enough to know if it's good or not
I ordered this product just a few months ago after completely cutting caffeine from my diet. I only take these pills occasionally when I am really desperate for a pick-me-up, and find that they really help me get energized! I only take two pills (half of the recommended dose) and find that is sufficient for me. If you have any trouble taking large pills, I would not recommend these. They are rather large. All in all, I am happy with these pills. They taste horrible... but work great!
I have noticed a difference in both the improved quality of my hair growth as it does grow a little faster. I have also noticed my nails growing faster as well!
Works as described. Helps me keep track of my meds. 4 stars only cause a couple of the containers opens very easily.
I very much like this formula -- Saffron, Rhodiola and Ashwagandha -- but I hate the square container. It might look good/different, but it is very hard to get the capsules out. They hide in the corners when you try to tip them out. It's maddening and time-consuming.
I have no idea if it's working or not I'm just taking it as a precaution.
Had all four of these for a year and change. Used them quite frequently and left them outside all the time in all weather conditions here in PA. They still work but not well and struggle to light and hold a flame even when refilled. 15 months later after beating the hell out of them I guess they are worth the 13$ as medium term beater torches.
Scent is very nice, but lite. It does not overpower me. It did disappoint me that it is set for 8 hours and then shuts off.
I just got it haven't used it yet
One sticks to the wall very well, the other falls off about every 3 weeks.
On initial testing product seems to work well. Like the different size pads and ability to place them where needed.
Supposedly this is intended to just detect afib and that is why I am somewhat conflicted. I was an EKG technician in a hospital many years ago when I was studying undergraduate medical engineering. I know how to read an EKG but this device is not capable of interpreting and categorizing some pretty clear heart abnormalities. You either have textbook afib or you don't- thus somewhat limited usefulness unless you send it to a cardiologist. Don't even think about using this when you have a pacemaker as it won't be able to classify whether you have afib or not. The application is very easy to use, My only comment is that you must make sure you have your cell as close to the sensor/transmitter as possible in order to get a strong enough signal.
It will assist But you have to work with This make sure you go to bed earlier
These are soft, easy to put on and take off, and they do provide a little warmth and support. You can type in them -- I even wear them when doing piano technique exercises, though not while playing actual music. I have arthritis in my thumb and all the crossings at the piano have taken their toll. These do help. Life is better with them than without them. I also have a small electric hand warmer and like that too. (I hold it in one hand while practicing with the other, and then switch). I much prefer to get as much comfort as possible from physical things like these gloves and the hand warmer, and avoid taking pain meds.
It's tricky... you have to find the perfect amount of gel too put because if not you'll have a mess all over the place. Needs better instructions too.. also if you're doing longer nails I recommend you put a fake tip under because the gel breaks off
Only thing I don't like is it does leak. It was properly inserted but if you have a heavy flow or have endometriosis like I do 10 hours is to long to go between changes. I work up with leakage . I ordered the biggest size . Other than that I do like it. If you have a heaven flow just make sure you change every 6 to 8 hours
Product arrived on time in good shape. Item works well, is pretty accurate for rather inexpensive BP monitor.
I found the flavor was not as strong as I thought it would be, but maybe I need to add more than usual.
Seems to work well.It takes adjusting to using such a small amount but teeth feel clean and it lasts quite awhile
We've been using this to treat IBS and leaky gut, as well as get gut flora back into optimal range after years of medications. Over time we have noticed a huge improvement in regularity and cramps. Very much worth trying!
value product i wii re order if I have to
I found the product expensive. Otherwise, it is easy to use, dries quickly and adds a nice fresh clean smell to the home. It along with extra use of vacuum seemed to help dust mite issues.
Great flavor. It's not chalky and bitter like most fruit punch supplements. I like to add a little extra water too mine.
using product to help with fatty liver
I had managed to severely strain a muscle in my shoulder that was causing great pain and discomfort, and seemed to be getting worse instead of better. I started using the product on February 27, 2019. For the first wee-and-a-half, I didn't notice much of a difference. But now, the pain is about 85% gone, and I can even sleep on that side again. Quite pleased!
Perhaps extra-strength cream would cover my problems better. Will order it next time
These were WAY smaller than I thought but they do smell nice and are super cute. Would make a great stocking stuffer for a pre-teen.
I got exactly what I asked for. Two brand new eos for a good price. Nothing more to say.
This back massager is great very strong vibrations take away back pains.
I bought this for my broken pinky toe. I am still using it. I have had it for 3 days now, so far so good. It secures my toe so I dont have to worry about hitting it on anything. Its comfortable and keeps my toe in place. I am a female and wear a sizzle 8 in womens shoes and I ordered the small. The only reason for a 4 star is because there is no ankle support. So if you're wanting or needing ankle support, this one isnt for you.
Nice brush set. My boyfriend loves it!
These are one of the best wipes on the market and a great deal on Amazon. I wish they were flushable, but the price makes these worth it. They are quite sturdy and do not have an overpowering scent at all.
Bought for our church classroom trash cans, and they work well.
I lost a few pounds in the first week of using the product
First, take some alcohol and wipe and dry just below your back hairline. This will ensure the strip stays on. If you follow the directions, I found this works great! What a noticeable difference. Before applying, pin your hair up. Make sure you place the first end equally centered along the back of you neck. Then, with one hand, pull skin up as you are placing the other end of the strip down. Wow, I am reordering more!
Works well but when i machine washed it the interior material slightly came off. Good mask otherwise
I like this liner as it looks great and cleans easily, I just wish it would stick better to the glass. For the most part it stays in place as long as lift things and place them but if you slide things around the liner will move. I am extremely picky about the glass not getting dirty or scratched and this does the job. It is slim and brightens up my refrigerator that is already bright and I like that. Please make them so the bottom holds tight to glass.
I love this protein!! It's it super light and refreshing and it doesn't cause any bloating. One down side is (tropical punch) the taste is pretty bad. So I add the MiO water flavor and it changed the game!! With MiO it is soooo good especially if you don't like traditional protein shakes.
I like that it's easy to put it up unlike other knee brace sleeve. However the fit seems not that skin tight although I put each straps very tightly... well made but comfort wise, not the best from my experience.
I only used them at night when I slept definitely took some getting use to but I think that would be so for any type I got. Seem very, sturdy well made.
Some cons I've found. If you're not profoundly hard of hearing, the lowest volume setting might still be a little high. Something very high pitched or high pitched and percussive, will come across as static through the ear piece, like jangling your keys. On the strong background noise reduction setting, static is minimized. Because the over the ear hook is not very secure, you almost have to use two hands to make adjustments to the controls. Pros: they generally work, and for not much money. The highs sound a bit brittle if the volume is up, but, I just turn the volume down. If you're getting a squealing sound, that is feedback, and you need to push the ear cup further into the ear canal so it seals. Are they as good as my $1500 per ear customs? No. Unless it might be in the background noise reduction. Have to check that out some more.
Nice moisturing product. Scent was not as pleasant as I was hoping for.
Great improvement shown in just days of use. I needed proper moisturizer for dryness. This one works very well. One star down because it cannot be used with free shipping.
The good news is that it works! The bad news is that it doesn't smell good. I have used a lavender scented dmso that smells better but is a lesser concentration of dmso. I use this product when my husband travels so I don't stink:)
As a college student we needed something lightweight and cheaper than the name brand. This is really good for the price and is very lightweight and fits in our tiny dorm room.
Don't where them the wrong way. I wore these for two days. The second day. My big toe was hurting. Much to my surprise I have alittle bruising under the toenail. So I was thinking it was because my shoes felt tight with these on. And as I was reading reviews. I came across a picture that a women posted in her review the correct way to wear them. She You Tube it's. And surly enough she is right. The points that go between the toes point downward. Feels more comfortable now.
Good oil. For some reason I thought it came with the dropper because it's in the photo, but it's just a bottle, no dropper.
I just recently started to use the products and so far my butt is smooth and more firm. I will continue to use it and see if I notice any changes in size.
Greetings, Dear, i did not receive this shipment until now? what was wrong? need your kind help & feed back. pls. Thanks. Regards,
Great all in one prenatal + DHA and Choline. Cant beat what you get for the price and that it is methylfolate. Only complaint is that the omega DHA has a very strong fishy smell that I cant stand- and i love fish!
It somewhat does the job
Lots of broken tablets.
Nice for the days of lower back pain
Temporary relief! It does not fix my problem, but makes me feel better for at leas 6 hrs.
I like the fast delivery of this product and my husband uses this product it gives him energy
This is a great and very comfortable glove the only problem is that the lines placed on the glove are for show only. They have no effect on anything. The lines are coming off after a few wears.
Great, light chair. The foot pedals fall off easily when folding, so we dont use them. I can get it in and out of the back seat with one hand. I use a bungie cord to secure it in the seat. Mom loves the plaid.
Came fast nd discreet .
Less than 20% of what my dentist charges for the same thing.
This does seem to work but you'll need a few bottles.
Love these straws, but wish they were not so long. Even in my reusable Starbucks grande coffee cup, these straws stick way out. But do love that they have the nub at the end so I can put them in my dishwasher basked and they don't fall through.
extremely portable and efficient. I've had one that after a month of usage started leaking air through the air valve and became useless. The other 5 I have work very well
I have taken other Garcinia products in the past, but I really like this one because you only take it once a day. I don't think it's a miracle diet pill but with changes to your diet it can really help. I do notice that it helps curb my appetite. I don't find myself getting hungry as often.
This rollator walker is wonderful because it is so much more compact than others we have had. Much easier to maneuver in public and easier to place in/remove from the car. But be very careful when working the brake handles; the first time, I seriously pinched my finger which created a large blood blister and left a scar.
Smells great now I wish they would make the plug ins worth it because you use them ones and they stop working
" I took one pill a day and I think it helped. I can't say for sure, but it did seem to help balance me out hormonally. I'd like more to know for sure as I wasn't consistent with it. "
This is made of thick stainless steel, and is as tough as others say. The only reason I took away one star, is because GUS needs to put some knurling on the bottom half, to give it some traction. The smooth stainless surface is VERY difficult to unscrew, if it is tightened a little too much. Wrapping a rubber band around the bottom works, but a rubber band is never available when it is needed. I just ordered my second GUS mini in 3 years, because I did not tighten the previous one enough, and it unscrewed itself..and then gravity did the rest.
It really did help me to fall asleep
To remove existing tip on cane easily slide a thin bladed flat screwdriver in between cane shaft and rubber foot. Than pry the rubber away from the cane shaft slightly and squirt a shot of WD40 in. Do same on opposite side as well than twist rubber tip . Will come off easily. Spray a small shot into new cane tip and twist on. The tip will still turn easily but it will not fall off and in 24hrs will be as tight as the old one. Cane will stand upright w/this base but the surface does need to be completely flat and care needs to used in placing the cane before letting go.
This does NOT include a grandpa pin. This set is for one mom, one Dad,and two Grandma pins. I bought it hastily and misread it thinking it included a grandpa one. so don't make the same mistake! Lol nice pins otherwise.
These pads are great, but they are clearly meant to accommodate significantly overweight users. For small/slender people like me they are overwhelmingly huge. .
What I like most about using this toothpaste is it's got good, natural ingredients and the best part is it makes my teeth stop hurting. I have very sensitive teeth and I have used other toothpastes that claim to help with sensitive teeth but did not work on mine. I left off 1 star because the taste isn't that great. To me it has a very strong tea tree oil taste.
Received as promised, take it daily and I know that it helps to increase the circulation in my body which might be helpful with my high blood pressure. I will know more in a few months!
I have finished a complete bottle Pink Stork Pro: Pregnancy Probiotic and I am currently starting my second bottle. At the beginning of my second trimester (first pregnancy) I began experiencing severe heartburn. After consulting my doctor, I began taking Zantac 150 and Tums. Some days my heartburn and acid reflux would still be unbearable after taking the max dosages of Zantac 150 and Tums. I had to curb my diet away from any triggering foods, but even drinking water would give me acid reflux. I researched to find if there was any supplement to help w/ the stomach acid and came across Pink Stork Pro: Pregnancy Probiotic. I have already been taking Pink Stork Premium Prenatal Vitamin as well as some of their other supplements and I have had good experience. After a month of changing my diet, sleeping/napping upright, and taking Pink Stork Pro: Pregnancy Probiotic, the extreme heartburn began to lessen, there were a few days that I could survive w/ just take 1 Zantac 150 pill a day. One evening I gave into my cravings for spicy Mexican food and I took a Zantac 150 and probiotic. Somehow I got away w/ the meal without acid reflux. This isn't a major cure for heartburn but it has helped regulate my stomach acid, but you need to alter your diet as well.
excellent bargain. they seem to adhere best to the heels using superglue. a bit tricky; apply even coat over entire heel tap, carefully place on heel, hold in place for 1 to 2 minutes (until superglue adheres well).
Little disappointed was hoping tube would expanded when pumped up
Great item just really small bottle
Taste was not bad, but not tasty either. I wanted to repurchase, but I can't find it anymore. It made my nails grow long.I didn't see a difference in my skin nor hair maybe it was because I only use 1 container which had half the product. It was not full at all. Fast delivery and good price. I will keep looking for it. It does not blend well at all either in cold or hot liquid.
I have been taking these supplement for a couple of years now. However, Its hard to know if its working or not but I am feeling ok, so I guess its working.
Seems to do the job but I pair with a caffeine pre workout, definitely got me over a plateau
Dropper had issues when pulling up the liquid - the vaccuum didn't allow for a good flow. Also, it leaked.
pleased with this product overall. Good support without too much bulk.
It would be nice if the individual condoms were labeled more clearly. In the moment it is difficult to quickly find the one you are looking for, not that it would matter much since they all feel pretty darn similar. The feel is fine; no worse than Trojan and about the same size as Trojan's normal condoms. Nothing has broken yet so points to that.
easy to cut and fit in your shoe. For some shoes i put right on top of original sole for others I put in place of original sole. I use in place for my orthotics af times as there is more cushion and feet feel better.
good product, just have to start off wearing it for short periods of time to get your muscles used to it.
They sure aren't petite, but certainly smaller than the usual calcium pills.
this product did exactly as advertised. would recommend!
Great deal, but the smell is quite strong.
Good. Not the strongest paper tote bag due to lightweight paper but I like it and use it.
My Mom says she's not having anymore emergency trips to the bathroom! 👍🏽
This is a safe and affordable for cleaning your ears.
I've been using this for years. I put it on every morning just before my socks and shoes. It works well temporarily but doesn't help my heels long term. It's really the only thing that helps though. I have tried tons of foot creams and this works the best.
Just now trying out for my Mom
I think these are great quality, and they really make me feel good. But I had to take off 1 star because I'm in my first trimester and having nausea and trying to swallow these tangy pills is really a challenge. I wish it was just 1 pill instead of 2, but it's nice knowing these are natural.
These are ok. They have a strong medicine smell. I choose them because they are on subscribe & save
I've been using this MCT oil every single day in my bulletproof coffees and Teas! It has helped me add fat to my meals and help satiate hunger. It's an amazing product and it's affordable.
This was able to clean my duck but it is good only if it is a straight duck. I have 90 degrees elbows in my duck at this wasn't able to go thru it so I ended up opening my duck by the elbows.
I have problems with my ankle and this support brace gives me comfortable support. I have a job that requires me to stand a great deal in steel toed shoes for over 8 hours a day. I can wear this support brace the entire shift and not feel it is making me too uncomfortable. It does feel rather tight, but it is supposed to. I would not wear it while sleeping, just when I'm working. While I personally doubt the hype over copper infused materials used in this brace, I still would definitely recommend this support brace.
I will never trim a baby's nails again!! This works very well and makes nail care much easier. My 3 month old giggled the whole time I filed hers!
Works good wish stayed colder longer
I bought this product for my Mom. She loved it. It works good.
It's a bit noisy so I just make sure the TV is on if people are home. Without this, it takes me an hour to orgasm but only 5-10 minutes with this. Love it!
I have been using these on my son for 9 months now. Love the print and affordable. We have had zero leak problems. I also find them to be more flexible than your other name brand diapers
Thinner than I expected but they do what I wanted. After all, they are only holding paper trash from the bathroom!
a little dry for my liking but work well
I bought the compression socks for my father. He says that the socks are uncomfortable, but they are the first pair of socks to ever fit his calves. Especially since he's retaining so much fluid.
It helps my knee alot but I bought it to big. 😏
Has helped my knee health tremendously and I recover much faster. Only negative is that it does not blend with liquids as well as they say it does. Very good quality product!
It has a potent smell but it really does soften up the beard. After I use it longer will update as to growth results.
This is really good it's been making my hair thick and growing out my hair i think it smells really great I've been using this treatment since August 30, 2018
I bought this toy based on reviews. I wanted a large dildo, and it is! That part is great but it is too smooth, I was hoping for some stimulation with it but I didn't feel any. The suction cup doesn't hold very well. I purchased good suction cups separately and used one of them and that worked much better. The girth is perfect!
This is a great supplement! I recommend it 100%
This protein supplement allowed me to get results much faster than the other types that I have tried before. So far I'm happy.
Very fast delivery. Light weight. Nicely made. Pretty accurate. App is pretty cool. Only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because the app won't sync to Google fit as it advertised to do.
I like its soothing relief it gives.
I was expecting something more... substantial. This looks not like a beginner's toy. It does the trick however. Sometimes bigger isn't always better. The firmness works well for the size considering angles, pressure sensitivity and ability to maintain both just right. Only downside is if you're looking for something bigger.
A little difficult to get out of pump. Gentle and leaves facial skin soft
Good product. Subtle effects.
just another good product
Smells so good but wish it was stronger
It makes things a lot more comfortable. I just don't like the feel of it on my hands.
even Mama Bear diapers couldn't contain all the wetness.
Needed soles to adhere my metatarsal pads to. These certainly work, but I was looking for something thin enough to not really notice, but there are probably an 1/8 in thick, which is pretty noticeable. They do provide extra cushion which is helpful tho.
Value for your money
I have been using this product for about a month. I take 2 capsules in the morning and 2 before bedtime. My knee pain has decreased a lot! I have used different Curcumin products; this product seems to work the best!
The fragrance is overpowering to my taste. I prefer fresh fragrances, especially for the kitchen. It goes away in about an hour though.
Everything is good with the product, the only thing is that it does not bring the spoon inside for the measurements, like the A+Nido brings.
Needed to monitor husbands blood pressure daily as per Doctors instructions
Used to help jump start weight loss
Very nice colors but too many small stickers(dots). No use for them.
I am very happy with this product, although it did not take all the pain away, it does feel much better. I had pain in all my joints from arthritis and the pain has lessened. Thank you
I love it, esp. the ample tie to circle my waist. Holds the heat just long enough, appears very sturdy . Takes a while tho to figure out how long to microwave it.
To early to tell if I like these , they are a large pill .
I drink it because I like it. that's all.
Was very impressed overall. The only thing is, if there's anything with liquids and they happen to leak, you're in trouble. Glad or Hefty hold liquids better but otherwise this is really worth the money.
Product was a little damage but works like it's advertise
Great product as a ring but no way you can put your ball though it. Does not stretch at all but works great to hold the blood in a give you a super hard-on.
I take care of my bed-bound mother and these are GREAT for cleaning up her BMs. I wish there was another scent or that had something soothing on them -- that is the only reason I do not give 5 stars.
They do their job, nothing fancy; durable and simple to use.
This product is no joke! It will make your laundry and your home smell amazing for days! A small cap full is all you need
Fresh, quality battery
This blue mat is slightly higher on the side of the arch for extra support. I use sports shoes with insoles on my hiking shoes, no deformation, very good
It seemed really sturdy, and was comfortable to sit in, but it was wider than the measurements given in the answered questions, and wouldn't go through one of my doorways, The doorway is 28 and 7/8ths inches wide, I think if it had been 29 and 1/2 inches I might have been able to get through, but not sure. I had to return it, but was disappointed since it seemed like a really nice chair. Also, we had a difficult time packing it back up since the box it came in was falling apart when it arrived.
Favorite brand for b-12, I don't know if I'd buy again because it's so expensive and I can't afford other vitamins that I need also but if you can afford it and want the best this is the way to go!
Seem to work okay but not as good as thicker type toe cushions. The latex rubber does make it harder to pull socks over the toe.
I did not receive any free products or compensation for this review. I bought this with my own money- I received no incentives whatsoever. This stuff will put you to sleep if you're having a hard time, and it does NOT make you groggy in the morning (at least for me). I already take melatonin, so I was looking for something else and this worked well. I will probably buy it again and I would recommend this. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because it gives me weird dreams and it's pretty expensive for what's in it. You could buy each of the individual supplements for cheaper, but I'm not that motivated. I do like that it's in a powder form. I feel like that makes it work faster.
Much more comfortable compared to Swiss navy- if having gay sex bottoms will like it- it's more natural feeling and less clogging feeling like Swiss navy feels.
If you are planning to buy this for Etekcity Remote for RF Switches then these batteries are little short in length and move free in the battery socket ( May be issue with my Remote only and i don't have any other 23A battery operated device to cross check ) . I was able to fix them with small piece of paper under the end flip pin and it works fine The Product itself is good and works as expected. I will update this if the battery dies too early .
I wanted to write a review after reading a few others. My order arrived and the package was in-tact and unopened. The bottle is obviously the updated design. I also noted the expiration date. My product doesn't expire until 2020. I don't need to use it until next week so I haven't cracked open the bottle yet. I'll try to update once I actually use it. I'm happy I purchased from here.
I would have given 5 stars, if the balls did not start coming apart after the first use, especially the yellow, smallest one, opens up every time I put pressure on it during massage. The smell is tolerable and it does not bother me. The set came nicely packed with the nice bag. Overall, I like it.
Like the product.. do have trouble opening the slots
We like to use biodegradable products.
works great, good spinning, awesome for edging, and finishing. Taking it apart and cleaning can be frustrating some plastic parts are very thin and you have to be very careful. It tells you to use lots of lube well if you do be sure to have this device in a motor up position, some lube or other fluids can leak down inside and either cannot be cleaned or very hard to clean. love the diff functions and diff spins and speeds but cleaning is a bitch. also bought a different similar type toy that does almost the same thing just a lil more power
First time trying Black seed oil and I bought this brand. It's great. I felt lighter and my less congested. I'd recommend.
Sleeve offers great compression, really helps my tendonitis. Gave 4 stars because the copper healthy emblem and print started wearing off on 2nd days and looked really bad. After a few days was worn enough to peel the rest. Other than that I highly recommend.
I like the way it affects my sleep I actually can sleep for 5 hours in a row now without waking up for a trip to the men's room
It's not a Redbull or a pot of coffee but it gives a little jolt. Good for an after lunch break boost. Havent tried all the flavors yet. A bit chalky in comparison to some but not bad tasting.
No taste , mixes well- although I use a blender so I don't know if it's easy to shake. I was hoping to see an improvement in my nails, but almost finished with the canister and noticeable difference. To save on plastic would love to see a larger package or eve a bag.
Useful for so many things
This is a great humidifier, it throws a lot of cool mist. On the pictures you cant tell but it actually gives a decent amount of cool mist. Pros, the timer and wireless control accessibility is very convenient. (No more dry winters) The negative side is that the buttons are very confusing, you cant really adjust the level of mist. you have to use your phone to adjust it. the other negative side is that the led light is always on. There is an on/off button for the led which does not turn it off at all. Besides that is a great humidifier.
Works well. Reduces pain and helps with sleep. The flavors are great.
I had 2 foot surgeries and bought this due to the fact that i did NOT want to use crutches all the time. It's amazing but the breaks aren't too strong... Then again I'm a speed demon.
good fitbit for being a basic model. For the price though, expect it to be a throw away. This is my 3rd one now. The battery seems to stop making good contact and the fact it is so small makes it easy to lose. I've purchased the watch band for it which is great although if you want accurate step count, having it on the band seems to add extra steps.
Have not seen my wife sweat since I bought this
Pads are a good size but the glue is very "sticky" so difficult if you are taking them on and off.
Excellent sleep mask that also came with ear plugs! Used it already and it's great!
Worth it. I crave alcohol daily but I only allow myself to drink one night a week and this has calmed cravings
Brand loyalty. Just a battery.
This is my first contour/highlighting kit. There were many positive reviews plus it was a bargain! The products are easy to use. I mainly use this product to contour my nose as well as eye shadow.
gave the tabs to my sister-in-law so I do not know how she liked them yet
My wife got this. It does work good. Ease of use was was very simple. I am still playing around with it. I guess i am unclear on how to use it when you don't touch the skin. But other then that. Seems reliable and has not let me down yet.
Works well. Perfect for putting on slip on shoes. Works well with all shoe types and mid size boots. I took 1 star away ... there is a hole for a lace insert but they did not supply it. I think that for the price they could insert a tie loop so one can hook it. Would give it a final touch of class.
It works.A little bulky but does the job.Price is right.
Good flavor. Worked for a dry, tickly throat. Will buy again.
I received it very quickly, but the instructions for the drug are too rudimentary. I think it would be better to have an introduction.
works and looks good
Great pre workout. I use it for cardio and weights. (Keep in mind i just eat it and don't mix.) It sticks with you so it's good for long training sessions. On that note, you need to take this 5-7 hrs before bed and really work hard. Otherwise you'll be up all night.
Dispenses fairly economically
Seems to work as advertised. I wanted a multi-vitamin made in the USA. It seems like, from reading the label, that the company is made in the USA under FDA inspection. So far I like it and would not hesitate to purchase another bottle when I finish this one.
Dont smoke, but they cut thru raw chicken wing pretty well.
I need tape to protect my thumbs during workouts involving a barbell: cleans, dead lifts, etc... because I use a hook grip. Normally I use plain fabric tape, but fabric tape is not very flexible and isn't very comfortable. This tape was very affordable in a bulk package, and works very well. This tape has NO ADHESIVE so it may slip if you're sweating or putting a lot of force on the area taped up. I find, although comfortable and allowing full range of motion, it will slip sometimes. I would prefer something with a little adhesive so it would lightly stick to my fingers, but I'm managing so far. I've used it to tape my son's finger during a basketball game when he jammed his finger....taped it to the adjacent finger. Because it allows full range of motion, it was perfect. The tape sticks to itself very well, it just doesn't stick to your skin.
is ok but the smell is not good
Doesn't work all the time but it works when I can use it. Some days stability is a problem for me so I use a prescribed cane. But on good days I love it.
FIRST THINGS FIRST, ME AND MY HUSBAND CONCEIVED WITHIN THE SAME MONTH OF ME TAKING THIS! We were trying different things before this product and we had no luck for 3-4 years then I found this and boom! The only thing I disliked was the fact that it made my hair FALL OUT!! Good thing I got preggo because it all grew back lol Our son is 1 now and I always recommend this product.
Looks as though these will do well for compression socks.
I hope these last. Love using these vs a wash cloth or paper towel.
Good for more energy but I'm want more sexual energy.
I am happy with these bands. They definitely give that extra resistance during leg workouts to give the booty a nice workout. One thing I did not like was that the bands are a little loose. When I put the dark blue on, it falls right off of my legs. So, I am disappointed with that. I also didn't get the e-book that was advertised.
Works as described just not as quiet as I expected.
Works great and serve their purpose.
It's easy to set up but needs a adjustable base to rise up or lower the image.
My weak fingernails are now as hard as a rock that is the most pronounced effect so far . I will reorder this item.
I love the lemon fresh smell, but it doesn't seem to work well for long days. Kinda wears out too soon.
Could use more alcohol in it . I don't feel like my mouth is really clean. Miss the burn.
Purchased this product after I read the reviews, still didn't know what to expect but when I received the product and tried it for the first time I was very pleased. I had lost all sexual desire and it was like she woke up from a long sleep with tingling and sensation. My husband was so very pleased. This product does work very well!
My glasses stopped slipping down my nose once i put these on. But i have really oily skin so the pad and the adhesive sheet would come apart after a couple weeks or so, and i would have to apply new ones. But it's cheap and came with so many pads that even though i have to replace them often, they would still last a long time.
These help with my snoring
My machine does not seem to recognize these as replacements and keeps reminding me that its time to replace.
Missing a couple pieces but works great
wearing them during the day they are great,but trying to sleep with them they are better than other choices but by morning they are uncomfortable
The product is really good and would have given it a 5 star except for the mask tube coming loose quite often causing it to become detached fro the mask.
I have been having trouble with my moods as of late, and I wanted to avoid taking anything non natural. I figured I would give this a try, and I can honestly say, I notice a difference. I feel better, happier, and if I pair it with a melatonin, I sleep quicker. I missed a dosage, and I could tell the difference. I was highly impressed with how well this worked. Its not a magical cure all, but it provides the boost i need most of the time
No scent, don't really care for it. Only ordered this because I was desperate for baby detergent that arrives the next day because I had run out I'll make sure to stick with dreft and always order it earlier than when I think I need it.
On my first month taking these. Have noticed a difference. Excited to try for 2 more months!
Nice little powerhouse. Nice size. Liked the different modes and the performance, and that it stopped immediately when the off button is pressed. My only concern was that it was a little louder that I thought it would be.
This is a great device. The different setting are amazing. I like least is having to plug in.
Started using this when my son was having difficulty waking many times through the night. Definitely lessened the wake ups and he loves the flavor
I have terrible posture and also problems with my neck. This product is easy to put on myself and its like a 2 for 1 deal in my case.
I've been using regular turmeric for a year didn't feel the difference. Taking this my joints seems a lot better.
Fine for a week's trip, for milk of magnesia deodorant and for sesame oil. These wouldn't be great for me for daily use unless used for thicker liquids- both MoM and oil leaked a fair bit from roller area. Well with avoiding travelling with glass rollers though.
This works quite well on my shoulders. Be aware. There is a sizing on all of it that smells heavily of strong, strong bleach. I've had this for over a month and that odor never goes away. I've washed the cover and laid the pad itself outside, but it's still a strong odor.
Like the brushes, but they don't last long.
I'd never tried brown rice protein, but am glad we did. Pea protein powder is great, but the brown rice has a less impactful taste and potency. It is great for baking, such as breads, which is what I use it mainly for. Also, likewise, it is better for dessert baked items, as mentioned flavor isn't as strong. The only con is it's a bit expensive, as they all are, and I think it gives me horrendous gas odor. This can be humorous at home, and I don't get "bad" gas or bloating or anything like that. I highly recommend this as a pure, low calorie, no carb way to get good protein.
Very tight, hope it relaxes with use. I like the secondary support at a 90 degree angle. Draw back, did not come with care instructions. But so far works good with my cpap.
Kinda small hole. Can't get it on when already erect. Gotta squeeze all the air out of it and let it pull it in with vaccuum. The ball-hole-part too small for ball without pulling it so open I worry it will break. But it doesn't break. Expected to prolong action but it actually ets one off just as quick. I guess that's a good thing.
You have to keep this in the fridge or it molds. The bottle does give you a heads-up about that, but the print is rather small...
This is for my mother, I don't know the effect.
So far so good on this product
These have worked well for several years. I was to lazy to go to the store so I ordered from amazon. I expect they will continue to work as they have for several years.
Puts you to a good snooze on those very long 15 hour plus flights.
I tested positive for ovulation for three days in a row?????? I thought woman only ovulate 1day ???
Gloves are thin but works great through
I used this as a supplement. I liked it, but it is too expensive. It's basically .40 cents a pill. That is pricey. Other similar products Nate cheaper.
Somewhat easy to use. Need to cut pieces to fit where you need Could be a bit more structured to keep the shape after being cut to fit and use.
Different mfg than original Finesse I had used for decades, no longer sold in stores. Appears to work OK , will probably re-order when my supply runs out.
One lid came broken but package got here super quick. Love green works!
For a facemask, these are pretty good. I mean - let's face it.....it's not going to be the most comfortable thing. The one big problem I have with these masks is that they do NOT fit snugly over the nose/mouth. The ear hoops are so long and so elasticated that if you just hook them around your ears as intended, you will be basically reaping ZERO reward from wearing them. They flap about on your face and filter NO air. The way *I* solved this is to clip the ear hoops on the back of my head with my hair butterfly clip. It's not perfect....but it actually does smush the mask against your face enough to have you *actually* breathing THROUGH it, as opposed to AROUND it. I also have the added bonus of the fact that it keeps my hair tied back as well. They do smell of vinegar - but if you bought a citric-acid-and-zinc-impregnated facemask and expected it to not have any odor, I have no sympathy for you. I am wearing these before we go on our vacation during this particularly bad 2017-2018 flu season. Fingers crossed, they work.
Good straw, just wish it was bigger diameter
Works great and been using it, best one out there in regards to painless hair remover!
Pretty good for the price. I am very satisfied with my purchase.
Got these for my son who has an oral fixation. This necklace has been satisfying for him. I gave it 4 stars because I'm torn-I'm glad that this necklace is more sanitary and safe for him to chew. My son often chewed on toys or his shirt. However, I am wondering if this will encourage his chewing. Ultimately I would love to see him stop chewing on things all together. Will this product perpetuate this? Time will tell.
Easy to purchase on, take off. Does the trick: stabilizes and reduces pain. More comfortable than other braces. I like the padding and lining. As t the same time I eventually removed the thumb metal because the hardness of it hurt my thumb.
I wonder if it works, it doesn't have that nasty salty taste. It feels like I'm actually having real flavor water, shame it don't come with come servings i wanna drink it with just every meal. Now all I need is to test it against keto strips....
Pleased with this lighter overall. I was looking for a new cigar lighter with 3 or 4 jets and this lighter is certainly up to the task. It feels solid in hand and operation is self explanatory. I've used it a handful of times and haven't had to refill it yet. The spring that keeps the punch folded up/closed is working fine but seems a bit flimsy. The lighter gets noticeably warm while using and stays warm for a couple minutes after but it's not enough to bother me.
I realized a short time back that my supplements were actually making me sick. The ingredient linked to this conclusion is magnesium stearate found in just about every tablet in my medicine cabinet. My system couldn't handle it and it was causing me an upset stomach. I was so happy to find this liquid B-vitamin complex that has NO magnesium stearate! Give it a good shake, as the contents seem to settle, but it's so worth it to avoid that one ingredient!
So a regular brush is a no go for me. You have to develop a technique with these to keep them from being more trouble than they are worth. The heavy duty ones help clean really bad rust stains. But they aren't flushable, which kind of defeats the purpose of using this kind of cleaner. I do not like having to transport the used brush from toilet to trash. It totally grosses me out. Unless you have some really stuck on stuff, stick to the flushable paper cleaners.
To be fair, this is my first experience using a peel, so I am sort of reviewing the concept as well as this product. Pros: 1. The cost. This was absolutely the most affordable peel I saw listed online, beat others out by a lot. 2. It's not too rough on my skin, I'm not in pain wearing it. 3. It does seem to be effective at mild exfoliation. Cons: 1. It does seem to leave my skin kind of sensitive immediately after I take it off, skin doesn't look great until the next day. I wouldn't use this right before going somewhere. 2. Perhaps not as intense exfoliation as I would like, I still have some dark spots and such. Overall I think this is working for me, I'm trying it in conjunction with a dermaroller and hyaluronic acid treatments and I would certainly buy this again.
These worked great for me as a bridesmaid in a wedding. Washed at end of night and they are sticky again for easy reuse.
Used while I was pregnant. Yes they are hard to get on! I guess that's the idea! But they do make you feel light on your feet. I was working as a server so they helped me A LOT! I can say they didn't help swelling completely when it got really bad toward the end though, still a good product!
It is quite effective.
I bought this product when my knee pain was at it's worst. I've used the entire container and my knee pain has almost completely left. I would use this product again but would not wait until the pain was at the level it was at. I loved that it's organic, easy to use, didn't leave any residue and smelled great. The scent was not overpowering.
These were chewed through a lot faster than other products like this in the past. I, however, do not think that is because of this brand, but rather the force my son is chewing with. These were great.
Good product reasonably priced
This does help give me that morning energy I need.
These are great for the price. I wish it would specify the sensitivity, though. I got a pretty faint positive at the same time as a more obvious positive on the Walmart generic for First Response, but I did start testing pretty early. If you wait until the day of the missed period, it probably would read pretty strong.
Left is the first bottle (what's remaining after taking) and the right is the bottle that was delivered today. I'm not sure why they are drastically different in color. Maybe someone can let me know why they are so different. My hair seems to be shedding less but I'll know better after the second bottle. There is a strong smell so I take it with juice and always eat prior to taking it.
Very pleased, great taste!!
Smells great. Moisturizes great. And it actually does repel mosquitos! My kids (and I) have yet to be bit with this on and I'm not spraying us with a bunch of chemicals.
Two comments -- it doesn't last very long (about a month of effective use), and it is very difficult to remove from the denture. Otherwise, it is great. As to the flavor that some comment on, yeah, it's kind of bad, but it doesn't last long. I actually soak it in mouthwash to speed up the process of removing the flavor.
My massage clients like the extra padding this provides on the head rest. I wish it was slightly bigger so it would fit the head rest better.
Since I have just received this product, I haven't had time to know for sure how it will benefit me. So far, so good.
These are ok. Not too uncomfortable to wear for a while at night. They work well.
Great stuff but a little sticky. I use it myself more than on the baby.
Not as powerful as our old massager, but 1/2 as heavy. Doesn't have different massage types. Just variable speeds. But using the various attachments worked out great.
clean and good quality
I inspected all the contents and the kit is pretty comprehensive with anything you may need for a minor injury, etc. Hopefully I won't have to use it, but if the need arises I feel this will definitely be handy. The small size is perfect for my backpack or kayak.
We purchased these to keep in our toiletries bag for travel. I like the individual use better than the larger pencils.
You wouldn't know these are not Phillips Sonicare brand, they fit perfectly & work just the same as the one that came with the toothbrush originally. I recommend them!
We took a holiday and I used this to sit in museums where there was no seating. This made it possible to go a whole day despite a very bad knee. I recommended it to others along the way. Only issue was the rubber tip came off with Delta airlines handling it as baggage (which they checked without charge as medical equipment). Had to find a replacement and this was a bit difficult. I used a cane tip from CVS pharmacy which was fine, but not perfect. Order extra tips and carry them with you on trips. I didn't take the extras I'd ordered with me and regretted it.
I like that when I use hazelnut creamer it makes me think I'm drinking coffee.
Sombra Cool Gel is a great product.
Came on time and neatly packaged. There were no instructions but its pretty simple to figure out. Brace is soft and comfortable to wear. Pregnancy must have to maintain good posture during pregnancy too.
I don't know if it's working or not but I don't have a fishy heart burn or burps. Small pill, easy to swallow and has no bad smell or taste.
Lifts my neck slightly to relieve pressure. Used it for a couple of weeks. Does what I expected.
This butter is very nice once heated up and makes my skin so soft. The jar is too small however and due to that the price for me is a bit much. I would reorder if they offered s larger size but are price. If you use this everyday like I do, it won't last more than 2/3 weeks
I like the way I feel when I take, yet I have to see results in the way I look.
These gloves are good for food prepping but they somehow keeps sliding off. I got yet right size though. It's a good deal and the plastic seems of good quality.
Very pricey compared to what I used to pay for it through Walgreen's which was under $5.00 a bottle. Unfortunately, Walgreen's was the only local supplier and they stopped carrying this product so I'm over a barrel if i want to continue to use it. Love the fragrance and feel after shaving and a small amount goes a long way.
This is a great product. The price is reasonable for what you get. You have to be sure to drink lots of water when you take any biotin product because it will cause breakouts. I learned this the hard way.
Lightweight and breathable, while keeping particles out.
Works better than expected. Very powerful . pleasantly surprised at how well it worked my sore muscles
Works great for allergies and stuffiness. Doesn't drip and run like.most nasal sprays. Also does not give nosebleeds like most steroid sprays do.
At less than $1 per roll I see these as a good value. Nothing fancy but I was not looking for fancy. Work just as well as major name brands. This was my second purchase and will buy again.
I ordered these but have never received them. What happened to my order and how can I get my money back?
Nice soft smell, absorbs well. I like the pump but maybe another top option, sometimes it comes out way too fast.
I love this because it is a great mid-day pick up when my mind and body are struggling to get through the last couple of hours of work. This gives me a quick boost without a crash or getting the jitters. I love that it is sweetened with stevia to not add any calories to my strict diet though the flavor is good and keeps me coming back for more. My only complaint is that there is a slight aftertaste but it goes away quickly. The vitamins included in this energy boosting powder make this a winter must have.
I've been using this product for about three weeks and am noticing a positive difference! I'm going to continue using it to really get the full benefits!
better than buying single packs
The pills are very easy to take. It does not taste bad, and it goes down easily.
The bottle as depicted was different in what was received although the contents were the same. Need more time to evaluate the results
Only gave four stars because there's not a four-and-a-half is excellent item it's really 5 stores but I think it needs to be double the size I eat capacity three or four hundred and one box
Very healthy feeling lovely skin texture with a result of a dewy glow!!
PACKAGED WELL AND RECEIVED TIMELY.
They taste yummy and I been taking for a month. My hair is not short but wanted to grow it more and keep my hair healthy so got these. My edges seem thicker but my hair doesn't seem longer. My nails growing fast though and leg hair growing fast sadly so is my mustache. So a lot of shaving is needed but head hair not much difference we will see.
Feels good but not as tight as I thought it would be.
I really like the bars. While taste and texture falls somewhere between cliff and power bars they do seem more like real food and they don't have the candy bar flavoring of other competitors. I like these
We've had these before and found that they last longer if you don't let the air out of them. The suction cups need cleaning once in a while to keep them working well. The soft cloth-like feel is nice.
I have short and thick dark brown hairs and about 10-20% grays focusing on the front. After the patch test, I used the product following the instruction. After 40-50 min, I rinse very carefully. In my case, this product covers about 50-60% of grays, and some of them look like very dark gray, not black. Fine for me, and it covers grays better than I expected actually. I feel that my hairs get dry a bit, but not seriously. The color seems to be pretty dark, almost black, but fine for me. I observe more grays (in almost white or very light gray color) after 3rd shampoo, so need to use my usual touch-up product a little to cover grays. After 5th shampoo, I can see more grays. The color remains longer than 5 days, but gradually disappears from 3rd shampoo. In my case it takes about 1.5-2 hours from the preparation and clean up, so I do not want to repeat this every week. I use this product twice (1 bottle) and I guess I the amount is enough for me to use it 3 and half times coloring. Here's my opinion. I may use this product if I need to cover my grays longer than 2 weeks but less than 4 weeks between salon appointments. I think it would be better for me to use my touch-up product for shorter than 2 weeks period and use usual color product for longer than 4-5 weeks period. However, if you have long and lots of grays to cover, this product still can be more useful than touch-up products. Smells fine for me (very minor) and easy to apply.
I'm not full feeling, but I'm not thinking about lunch and snacks as per usual, so I guess that means it works.
Loved the hair brush straightener. After using a heat protector, my hair turned out smooth and straight.
I personally think it helps relax me. The taste is ok but the smell is not the greatest
I like the rinse, but is it worth the premium price? Not sure!
It was very fast shipping. The powder mixes easily into water or juice. I do not like the taste when it is mixed in water so I use juice. Very effective product will definitely order again.
Just have really started and into about a week or so. So, don't have any results to report. Ease of dispensing, sublingual, hardly any taste to speak of, so that's a plus according to some who say CBD oils taste "weird", this one does not. Thanks!
I had this done at an acupuncturist and wanted to be able to try it myself. I've only used these on my shoulders and lower back but the results have been pretty good.
I really can't leave a review on the product at this time... I just started taking the product and it is too early to tell as far as is it helping me or not... I will give updated review in a couple of weeks... as for delivery and packaging and follow up, the company has done a good job with that, that is why I gave four stars...
It's difficult to tell if a supplement is truly helping you. I did some research and found that the Solgar brand is trustworthy. And so, I will assume that this product contains what it says it does....in the amounts that are written on the bottle. I've been taking a daily dose for about 40 days and I feel pretty good.
Love this in every way except I'd love to see a pre-mixed option like this without added sugar.
No fish burps and easy to swallow the recommendation is three a day with a meal .
Using for less than a week and the led plastic that prevent it from sliding out totally , it breaks But still usable No leaks , still doing its job as described Needs strong hands to open Wish I has a transparent water level view Still like it
They're nice but wish they were both black.
Hard to wipe yourself but the height is great!
Pretty good fit and comfortable. I wont give it 5 starts because it should be in different colors so it doesn't look so obvious when you are wearing different shoes.
Being my first product like this I didn't know what to expect. All in all it's a decent toy.
Fit to tight ! I measured and ordered the size I needed! Might want to get a size larger
It works. Not super impressed but nothing wrong with it.
Decent squeegee, fits in my pocket. It is made of pretty soft material (silicon?) so it's not the greatest at wiping water of surfaces (not stiff enough for even wipes) and takes some time to get used to doing perfect swipes. 2 for $5 is great though.
It's nice that it shuts off automatically. I still can't grasp why it seems that sometimes the lowest heat seems as hot as the highest and vice versa, and why this is, or appears to be, inconsistent. Regardless, it works :)
It has loops for two toes so it will stay in place better. The padding is great. The only thing is that if you want to wear these with sandals, they look pretty goofy.
I really like this rub, it seems to be helping my sore hip. I wish it weren't quite so expensive. I would give 5 stars but had to give a 4 due to cost.
I liked it, but it didnt live up to all its hype.
shipment is pretty fast, considering its low price. anyway, worth buying it.
I can't walk barefoot on hard floor surface. This sandal is an affordable alternative to shoes or slippers. And they are comfortable.
I originally got this for my migraines, but have been using this at night when I sleep as well. I keep it looped and just slip it over my head then tighten it and it seems to work fine that way. The beads do tend to go one way if I lay that way, but I really just like this for how well it blocks any and all light out. I don't ever wake up in the middle of the night anymore. I get the best sleep with this mask on, especially when I have anxiety. I have only had one migraine since getting this and it seemed to work pretty well for it too! I definitely recommend it to everyone!!
I think it's working but please do realize that it takes A LONG time to see results. I like the really easy to use applicator pen. My results are not as dramatic as the before-after photos really are in the description, but I do notice a difference. I don't notice much difference in my existing nails, but the new nails growing in are straight and smooth - that being said, I think I will have to use this for almost a year to really have "cured" my toenail fungus.
These were great for beginners. I felt comfortable using them after 5 years of... not needing to use them. The only negative is that the largest one goes too deep with out it being flexible which made it not as fun.
Great natural product
The brushing is good but the heads get dirty - almost musty - despite being left to air out after like two weeks so they need to be replaced to keep clean brushing
Great for travel, I was trying to find something comparable to It's a 10 and this seems to work pretty well. I'm not convinced it's as moisturizing but the little bottles are great for travel and the scent is great.
That it cleans really good and I used it for my retainers.
I used these as a way kids could collect candy from the pinata. I held together fully loaded with candy and prizes. Also, they're reusable.
Was a little too much hair. Wanted something with hair not so long and heavy. Need to add pins.
Super great scents but so small for the price...
working as advertised
So far so good. Works well
These ear cleaners are saviors for me. I have a lot of wax and it builds up. These clean them well. I just wish both ends had the scraping tool, the other end is useless.
Works well. Good quality
Unwashed and while not up there with the best are way above the seeds from spain.
I get nausea from gerd and hormones. these really take the edge off. they taste good, mostly like honey, then mint, and a bit of lemon and ginger. I dont care for ginger but these give the benefit if ginger without the overwhelming taste. lost one star for price - a little high- and some had holes and sticky insides :/
I purchased this to provide heat to damaged nerves in my arm resulting from shingles. Heat always feels so good on it and I wanted to be able to do household chores and things without trying to hold a heating pad in place. It works well, but beware if you have damaged nerves and cannot sense tempurature. I left it on for several hours and it burned the back of my arm. I actually had blisters! This was my fault, I learned a lesson... I guess I was surprised it could get that hot!
So far It's been good! I have had it for about a month now. The box it came in was a little bit damaged but the product itself wasn't. The size is how I expected. I love that it is very comfortable to hold & the different vibration frequencies it offers
At first I was skeptical, but decided to try it. After a week, I did notice a change and my stress seems to be manageable. Though it was a fluke, so I stop taking it for a week, and I felt a difference. Really good product and it helps a lot.
Item as described. Good quality.
I've been using this product for a few weeks, it's still a little early to see dramatic results with my hair but I can tell that my nails look nicer. The gummies taste good too. They did come a little clumped up so I have to pull them out when I'm taking them. But overall I'll be continuing to use this product - Hopefully it makes my hair grow more too!
expensive, but worked pretty good...have to be careful with cracks in pavement etc
heat quickly and lovely smooth finish. Not sure the found shape totally works for me personally but pretty good.
It helps with gum infections.
Wipes are great for a quick refresh, especially for chaffed or rashy areas. Only thing could be better is less alcohol and more witch hazel.
Tens Unit works well for the price. The unit was packaged well and arrived on time. It's a strong unit for the size. I would recommend to buy!
Great taste. High on carbs for me.
To be fair I did lose weight the few days I tried it. (I exercise 1 hour daily so I expect to lose weight no matter what I add. I'm over weight atm and have been working hard for 3 months) I woke up without energy and had to create "fake" energy like caffeine to get going in the morning. It made it harder for me to convince myself to work out. This didn't happen with my husband and he raves about it. He's happy im not taking it anymore so he can have more. I think i may just be more sensitive to melatonin then he is. Odds are he'll want more when its out. So its a B+ from me and A+ from my husband. Hope this helps!
They could be a bit sturdier, but they're still nice and handy for your bum.
I bought this for my dad. He uses it daily when he goes for walks.
Not only it gets me hard but I actually came hands free. I pair it up with another toy for my prostate. It was mind blowing that I came too quickly. I can't wait to use it again in the shower.
These essential oils arrived speedily, were packaged beautifully, and were just what I was looking for to fill my home with healing scents. All of the oils I ordered came with an instructional booklet and helpful labels. They are practically perfect!
Super Cush and we'll built, but take up a lot of room in the shoe. If your shoe is tight or harder leather, might make them too snug.
The product is good, but the bottle leaked in shipment.
Good product to keep your razor protected
I really like the stability and handle. Pros: easy to use, stable, pivoting base, ergonomic handle, cool color. Cons: second day of use I started getting a metallic squeak with every step, the flashlight did not withstand falling a few times, and the wrist strap stitching that holds it onto the cane gave up the ghost about a month in and fell off.
It works well and good quality, you don't need dentist cleaning anymore if you have this set
They were perfect for my daughters party but a couple came broken so it was disappointing
It smells like lavender so I am satisfied. I wanted to test my idea on used dryer sheets by adding the oil to them and reusing them. It works but not very strong. I think I am going to add more than 3 drops on a sheet.
They are BIG capsules ! I have no idea if they are helping until I get my next blood work!
Quick delivery. Very mild and good vanilla flavor. However. We've tried dissolving in protein shakes and it clumps. Dissolving in coffee won't completely dissolve. Leaves some granules
Sound quality is very good, absolutely authentic.
This product seems to work very well but, I am not sure I will purchase again because of the price.
Delivery not in time. Batteries are OK.
Well, after taking Prilosec for two decades, this seems to be doing almost as well as a replacement. Still have heartburn, but manageable. Without Prilosec, I can go for about 4 hours; so far with this product, one week (and 3 antacid tablets). May become my go to product for the long term. I might mention that I have only had one 'orange burp' and found it to be interesting but not a problem in any way.
Our only issue is it is difficult to use without a helper.
I bought a cup because I was going on a beach vacation and neither a tampon nor pad was going to work. It was easy to insert but a little more difficult to get a tight seal. I had some slight leaking on day 2 but none on day 3-4. I think after a couple of periods I'll get the hang of it. I ended up completely cutting off the stem because it was irritating. Even without the stem, it was easy to remove.
Great taste and quick delivery as well
Machine was new and excellent suction. Totally satisfied with machine and it's parts.
Smells great doesn't last as long as it says
Big enough and comfortable.
I have always use super soft toothbrushes so this will take some getting used to
Great screen cover!! Will order again
Does what any vibrator should do. Can change speeds pretty well.
I have had a terrible time finding compression gloves for arthritis that are small enough for my hands. The XS size was just right. These are soft and comforting, with good compression. Not stiff, so not task inhibiting. I do find that I prefer to wear them inside out so the seams don't bother me, but that is not a big deal at all. I would definitely buy these again or recommend them to a friend/family member.
It gets the job done but boy does it taste bad
Works great!! Nothing else to say at all.
This design is harder to clean than the long, fold-in-half stainless strips; it requires me to rub my fingers around the ring after the water washes the tongue gunk off. But I really like how slender this tool is; stows easily.
was a joke gift she really laughed
It's a good product. I like the sheet design. It has the standard half sheet if you need to clean-up a little mess but it also has a perforated horizontal cut on each half-sheet that allows you to tear (or fold) the half sheet in half. I use the smaller half sheets to clean my glasses. Perfect for that. I use the rest of the paper towels to clean up after three cats and whatever else happens in the kitchen and dining room. Good, solid, paper towels.
I like the colors and I works great just at first it made everything taste rubbery and the cleaner bent in half but it still works fine
Product looks to be of good quality. Has vein ridges and is life like. Will definitly recommend.
I don't feel confident that it will keep my sensor dry if I go swimming because my sensor got a little wet when I took a shower. When you take it off you have to be careful to not pull off your sensor but other than that what I like about it is that it holds your sensor in place very well and you can still scan your sensor through it.
Have only been using this for about a week or so now, so have not laundered, nor used it for a long time, but it installed and fits very nicely, and the colors and design are very vibrant, and I have gotten MANY compliments so far!
What more can I ask for. As a fitness model I have I have been trying to reduce meat consumption. This has helped do that 2 bars a day with my meals I am meeting my macronutrients! Peanut butter chocolate is the only good flavor in my opinion. Update: took away one star because they raised it by 6 dollars a box
Smart and sleek. The only thing that puzzles me is that it gives a slightly different weigh every time u step on it. Not sure why but otherwise it serves the purpose well.
Provides goog support.
Works, stays put, doesn't roll down
I was told to start small with melatonin doses, so I chose 5mg. My restless nights are pretty awful, so I didn't expect to get much of a result. First night I took these, I felt naturally sleepy for the first time in a good while. I was out in about 10 minutes. Doesn't leave you drowsy either. 5mg won't work for everyone, though. If you have more severe insomnia, I'd reccommend a higher dose.
Cheaper then buying by jug of 6 pound. Love the taste.
This is a very good product. It does help relieve the nerve pain in my legs and arms from my spine. Of course, no product will relieve all your pain but this is a very good product for this problem. I wish it came in larger containers so I wouldn't have to order it so often. I would certainly recommend this product for people who have chronic pain.
This is the second time I am buying this. I am happy with it.
This set is just what I ordered and will work great for my child's 1st birthday party which has a fairy theme.
They met expectations. Good product.
It does not get that warm. Don't know why.
I need a knee replacement. This helped some as support until then
Began using it right out of the box. Already loving the feel and it's working better than what we had before. Helps with fast cleaning.
I actually bought this for a friend who has trouble breathing. Seller is part of the Prime member 2 day shipping which I love. It come with a landyard for easy carrying. The screen shows the oxygen level, the strength of the pulse and the rate. Easy to read, no directions needed. For the price this is a steal. I will be buying as stocking stuffers for other loved ones.
Been using it for a couple of days and I already see a difference! Only thing I dont like about it, is that it stains your toothbrush a bit but its nice and minty
I have included these with my keto diet and they seem to be helping me stay near ketosis. I will say they are a bit big...taking 8 as suggested seems a lot...but with a little water they are easier to take.
Overall pretty good.
Decent and gets the job done. A bit too starchy for me, but overall good.
took some getting use to but seems to be helping with some back issues that my husband was having.
works great for playing my banjo.
This stuff smells good but I only have two gripes. For one it doesn't come with a dropper lid and two it seems to leave a white cloudy film in every diffuser I've used it in. Other than that, it seems to be good. Just be prepared to clean your diffuser more frequently if using.
What's to say. They clean the bowl nicely while only leaving a mild fragrance behind that is not overwhelming like some toilet bowl cleaners have a tendency to be.
It makes my hair a little greasy but maybe I put too much?
Doesnt mix very well, BUT it's delicious and I def notice a good lil pump form it.
Good, basic. But I didn't know it was going to be such heavy paper. Don't know how to get a lighter version.
Works good but slips sometimes
These gloves are awesome and the elastic around your upper arm makes them stay up perfectly....but...if the felt lining gets a bit wet...they stink!!! I cut the felt out and now we're good!! I would recommend!!
Love this product but I think I prefer the lotion.
I couldn't tell if this worked because it upset my stomach so much I had to stop. I made sure I took it With a meal, Stomach pains still.
These are attractive and sturdy, they came with screws that were the wrong size but I made due and plan to order another.
TBH I haven't had a cold sore to try it on, BUT it did turn on and seem to work fine. I bought this because I cannot take my normal supplements right now. (Everyone who gets cold sores should take L-Lysine tablets, especially around any activity that spurs cold sores.
The product I normally buy is ON Amino Energy. I read the reviews for this product and decided to give it a try. The cherry-lemonade flavor is ok. I like that it mixes very easily and quick. The energy it provides is about the same as ON Amino Energy. I may stick with this brand for another month or two.
The dry mop refills are easy to apply to the mop head, easy to remove and discard and it swiffer does pick up the cat hair. I also wet it at times for a quick mop up of dropped spill.
Was a little flimsy but does what it's intended for!
Awesome works great.
Great tasting variety of drinks. Just open and drink. Very convenient.
I really like it. Its very convenient. It heats up very fast and stays warm, and the wax doesn't burn me its a great product. I do recommend it.
It gets confused once in a while on the memory of each user. I just step off and let it reset and all is good. Overall fairly accurate and a good unit for the price.
I don't agree with the other reviews. They are very sticky and have stayed on my feet through showers when I've forgotten to remove them. I would not recommend for blisters as they will pull the blister skin off. But for rubbing, hot spots, etc. they work great. I'm ordering a 2nd pack. East to peel off the paper (that reviewer is ridiculous) .
This was a pain to load the powder and confetti. I didn't have a small funnel, but I think it would have made a difference. Also the opening is a little oversized (not much) so it didn't fit the helium tank very well.
Works amazingly well
wow it gets everything off the dishes! but leaves a slightly metallic taste to dishes. I don't think it's a residue but likely just the after effect of the natural ingredients.
We use it for my wife's dexcom. It was recommended by the Dr's office. Have not had a problem with it in the years that we have been using it. make sure you use a disposable glove when you apply it.
The product works very well for my mom. She can not hear very well but when she uses this, she can hear even the lowest sound. It is funny to see her reaction when she first tried on. Customer service is excellent. The device stopped charging after 6 months and they replaced a new device for me.
Easily mixes in liquids.
This is easier than trying to break open the capsules. My kids take it in some juice when they are having tummy issues or diarrhea. Works great. Be careful though as it can get messy. Probably work with it in the sink to keep from getting it everywhere.
Not as tight as other compression brans. Still wear daily
Doesn't blow me away but works good for me
still waiting to see the result
I've taken this daily for a few weeks now. Overall, I feel more energetic and have slept better (according to my fitness tracker). I'm not sexually active and mainly wanted to see if this supplement would boost my energy during workouts. So far it seems to help with that about 50% of the time. I have not experienced any side effects.
Got this as a gift for my wife . This lights her fat hand rolled smokes awesome . She also loves the she can recharge it . No fuel needed . Thanks . Happy wife happy life .
Great tool. It just doesn't get in the corners as well as is needed. Did a great job on tub!
products delivered on time. Easy instructions to follow.
I had to shake this stuff like crazy and it still had little floaty bits in it which made my stomach queezy when i saw them. the taste was great though.
Super soft, good product, like the sustainability but don't say its equal to 48 regular rolls, it's not.
small and compact, great for car
My son is picky this didnt work for him however love thr nipple movements with this bottle
I love this scent and it seems to pair well with our downy fabric softener and persil detergent. I can smell it on my clothes for at least a week after washing...not strong just a subtle hint of it.
Dish soap was leaking just a little bit! But love this stuff and will likely purchase again as it's getting harder to find in local stores.
Great value. Readings seem accurate. There is a line that goes through the numbers as though the screen was damaged but I am still able to read it as the display is large. I didn't figure it was worth the time and trouble to send back for a refund and/or request a new one.
This stuff is crazy powerful! Will make you energized and sweat like crazy. I recommend it if you're trying to shave some pounds.
I really like this product! I have been using it for a few weeks now and see great improvements in the look and feel of my skin. It does not smell as bad as I thought and was easy to take. If you have a sensitive stomach take it with food, problem solved! Highly recommend!
Good product, fast delivery
I LOVE this diaper cream. The only downside side is the tube always ends up breaking or cracking, getting a hole in it, and I never feel like I'm able to use all the cream in the tube. Wish there was some better way to dispense. I will keep buying it though .
Excellent functional tools. Case is poorly reinforced & could be better
My husband loves it!! It keeps the tobacco moist and flavorful.
Fast service! Product was a little awkward to use but definitely got the job done.
This cream is amazing, I just had a baby and my underarms have gotten like 3 shades darker and even before they were a bit embarrassing. But this cream has lighten them by 2 shades and I can wear sleeveless now will keep using !
Use them all the time.
I bought this product and it has given me more energy & I have even lost five pounds.
I have been using this for about 2 months and it seem to give me a slightly full feeling, curbing my appetite. I have lost a few pounds without putting much effort into it.
This helps a lot for my sore legs. I work in a factory and stand all day. The only thing I think could be better would be if it had more weight for a heavier massage. Not bad at all tho!
They're great drinks for focus an energy. They keep me working and focused on what I need to do for sure, though the vitamin and herb taste will definitely put some people off. The case I ordered through amazon was pretty flat, but I'd order again, I don't drink them for taste.
doesnt hold very much fluid. works great when full
Worked well during my early recovery from knee surgery. It is now stored away awaiting the ravages of old age.
With the assortment of rings finding a fit wasn't an issue. However the cage itself could has rough plastic from the mold that is actually kinda painful (not enjoyable) especially for a prolonged experience.
Love how big they are
these fit well and give me some relief , not sure about the copper factor but i suppose it helps
Fits as expected. They took a few days for my husband to get used to them and break them into his shoes. His friend recommended them. They help his arch pain. By his words, having them is better than not.
Once you start taking them regularly, you can tell your system is more balanced.
Love it .. bought it twice!! Lol
Works very well. Little scrubbing needed.
Noisy when walking.?Every time you tap down it rattles and you can hear me coming by the noise it makes. Feels unsteady!
It's a little too thick but otherwise it is very good.
Taste is subjective. Some kids like it, some kids don't.
I like it except for the fact that I have to be careful to place it correctly so it won't fall over when I am not using it.
Was ok. Relieved the pain.
Great meal replacement! Actually satisfies and tastes great too.
Keeps my makeup looking great throughout the day! Not as good as some of the other setting sprays I've tried - but very comparable for the price. You wont regret this purchase.
This didn't work for what I needed because the focal point was too close to my face. I wanted to use these for working on small electronics and soldering, but didn't want to have my face so close to the work. I gave them to my father and he loves them for reading the newspaper. I took away one star only because they are not as flexible of a product as I would've liked but I still gave them 4 stars because they do have a solid use case.
Awesome product that works very well! The only issue is that it can be messy, but I still use it daily and keep a towel near by for clean up.
I ususally buy Angel Soft but Amazon suggested their brand for $10 less. It's toilet paper, what's there to lose? It's more like Charmin than Angel Soft. These are NOT double rolls. The toilet paper is fine. It's soft and does the job.
I prefer the tablets, but these are Ok.
DOES HELP WITH THE PAIN
I use these for kitchen type applications and household cleaning. Handling raw meat, rubbing herbs and spices into roast etc. Not strong enough for industrial applications. I would go with something thicker if you're looking to work for hours in the shop or for vehicle maintenance applications.
I wish the jets was more powerful but the rest of the feature are great like the heat, the jets are good just could have been better for the price very large I believe it might be as big as the nail salon
my main concern was side effects and none experienced.
I like this product, but you eventually plateau, similar to every diet option. I have lost 20 pounds.
BETTER OFF BUYING IN BULK. MR.B
Very comfortable and lightweight. Great for traveling
Love this massager. It is Not uncomfortable or too hard as "other product" reviews had. I do need husband for doing the back. I can't reach behind me as pics show. But we both Absolutely Love it.
We like the weight and easy fold possibility of the rollator. The factor we most dislike is that the front wheels keep rotating when you are trying to go straight. Wish those wheels were steadier.
It has a good flavor. I like all the numbers on the nutrition side. My only complaint is that some of the balls have a hard section to them. I take care not to get in a hurry and bite down to hard when I'm eating.
Taste is good but I have yet to see the results--too early probably.
Like. No after taste
So far so good. As effective as my $50.00 Dr Scholl's at least for me.
Really cute but way bigger than expected...the keychain is till too big to wear as a pendant...cool organize but just too big to wear
I really liked it. It's quick and it taste better than most shakes like this. However I tried to mix it with my coffee one morning and it just refused to mix and it was gross. But other than that I love it and drink it every morning with some ice in it.
Overall am not sure it's 100 percent working as anything regarding hair takes awhile. The product doesn't smell but taking 4 of these pills a day does seem quite a bit. Would be nice if it was reduced to 2 to make it easier. So far no reactions to it and is a good money for the buy.
I have sensitive skin and this doesn't make me break out. Lightly scented. Just wish it came in smaller molecular form for better facial absorption, in addition to being in a tube to minimize air exposure and possible contamination over time. Facial skin cells are smaller than skin cells in other parts of your body, so what works well on your arms might not have as easy of a time penetrating the skin cells on your face. Otherwise, it's a nice product, and I really love the other Shea Butter body lotion that they have!
Quick delivery and the product is showing results already
I stand a lot at work and these have helped give me great support to be able to stand during the day. Easy to cut to size using the guides provided
Don't have to use those metal clips used with other bandages.
I tried looking on other websites to purchase and honestly they were too pricey. 40inch balloons run for $10 and up and I didn't think I'd find this buy on Amazon. It was easy to inflate and stayed inflated the entire night. I deflated it and folded it up so that I could use it for other events. I just hope that since it's folded, the creases don't show when I inflate it again for another use. Great buy!
Great quality, very convenient. But it is a little hard to open
Purchased as a Halloween costume accessory for a child. Looks real and actually works (would not use for actual medical purposes though).
Nice little machine, seems very accurate.
It is smaller than I thought it would be. Good product for the money. Stays warm.
Got this to take with caffeine as some research indicates it could help. It did not seem to help for me but I take an extended release caffeine pill, so it may have actually been counterproductive to theanine. I now use these as sleeping pills. They seem to help me stay asleep and don't make me feel tired in the morning like melatonin. They don't put me to sleep but seem to help me stay out. Check their website if you're a heavy user-low shipping minimum and sales sometimes.
Overall this has been a good scent free deodorant. No skin issues with it. You may have to reapply a couple of times a day if you are doing heavier work and movement but for a normal day it is fine. Because it is a gel you only need to turn it a little otherwise it can be a little messy. Clear so no issues with staining clothes.
Gets the job done. Relieves discomfort. Builds nutrients needed for optimum health. Try other products as well. Not the best. Not the worst.
Great quality but it comes too small try ordering a bigger size.
Hey.. I loved the product, but I think you should make the opening of the bulb alittle bigger. Sometimes, depending on the location, I'd rather hold the bulb under the sink head to get water..rather than the other method.
I like this product so far. It's inexpensive and works just was well as other melatonin brands I've used in the past. I docked 1 star because both bottles I purchased are set to expire in 6 months...so be careful if you try to buy in bulk.
Good moisturizer doesn't prevent cold sores cuts time down on them a few days tho
This thing is great for deep tissue work. If you have knots in your legs this is a good tool to dig them out. It is made out of a plastic material. I don't know if this makes any sense but it has grip. It's almost sticky when it comes out the box. Because of this, if you place this on the floor or a yoga mat, it is going to stay put which will allow you to move around and dig into the muscle you are trying to target. Recommended for the price.
Tastes good and aids in weight loss. curves cravings. Try it!
It's strong and works great with toothbrush and toothpaste.
Coarse side is especially good. Size is great. Holding/exfoliating easy.
My first try with this type of insole. Overall pretty good. They're comfortable enough for walking around. They really boost your heal. Using the minimum amount of boost in my low-cut Puma sneakers, my heal comes almost close to sliding out the back of the shoe. If I wanted to use the additional inserts my heal would definitely not even fit in my shoe. They inserts are a bit narrow for me, but they do the job. No complaints, just sharing my experience. 4 stars.
I got exactly what I ordered in a timely fashion but I did find it on the Shelf at Walmart for half the price.
Neat idea and actually has helped my neck pain a few times, make sure you go slow when you inflate it to find the right level of air. I only have to wear it for maybe 10 min and then I feel relief.
It's like buying ink for your printer. The printer was not very expensive but the ink costs drain you dry. Unless you are going to try to make your own, this is still the most cost effective way to by the salt pods. BUT, I still love my Navage.
Gives off large amount of oils and the colors can be alternating. Shuts off automatically when empty. Large base container that can last for the entire day.
Overall work great, been using for last 3 years. Do tend to wear /tear eventually at ribbing part, but thats like 2-3 years in.
The liquid is very thick! You have to chase it with water... Otherwise, they give you plenty of energy, too!
The pills did their job, but the serving size was three pills. I'd rather take one pill and be done. I will not rebuy.
I'm not completely crazy about the taste but it's not bad. I have noticed feeling more energy after using this product.
Chocolate Cream Pie flavor was pretty good. Not my favorite, but in the top five. These shakes work if you use them correctly!
Directions were gibberish and it's not very good for feet ther than baby feet wobbles a bit when you step up on it while on the commode
It packaged two as it said. One for my office and the car. It actually relieves my back pain from slouching too much. There are times when I have to adjust it to position it more to my lumbar area. Other than that issue, it works to help me out at work and driving during traffic or long distance. So it's an A in my books just not an A+ or A-.
This tasted okay. I think I always think I will like strawberry kiwi flavored things more than I do. So, I still have quite a bit of this left, probably over half. I used it consistently for a little over a week. Didn't notice much difference, and the flavor wasn't my favorite. It stayed just a little bit grainy, though better than other powders I have used in the past. So, I won't be ordering again, but didn't have any real complaints against it, which is why I gave it 4 stars.
This pen taste good, but I haven't noticed an increase in energy. It does help calm my anxiety though. Also has a pretty nice cloud, compared to other vitamin vape pens. I would buy this again, just for the flavor.
I liked that it kept my thoughts from swirling, but it didn't make me feel very sleepy. After I got to sleep, I liked that I woke up without a hangover.
CHEAP AND PLENTIFUL. Use these daily for applying wax, sealer, polish, and even dressing. It is great as the cost allows me to figure them to be disposable and do not have to worry about cleaning each pad after use.
Used for awhile. Then had to toss out due to expiration date.
Easy to use, although it took a bit to find the right spot, after that it was great!
My husband is a big/tall man. Regular rollators were too short and narrow for him. This allows him to stand straighter and walk closer to the walker. It folds more compactly than other rollators, allowing it to fit behind the front seat. It is harder to maneuver indoors, as it is bigger than a regular rollator. We use it for travel and going to church and etc. The big wheels roll easily over uneven terrain while still maintaining stability. We love it!
The sizing on the black for females is a bit off. Comfortable but need more compression. I have pink too and pink fit better. Very very comfortable
Taste great and seems to help me relax/sleep. Not helping a ton with the shoulder/neck pain that I have but very little helps with that in general.
I do like this product and how it helps with my health, I must admit though that it has a certain taste kind of bitter. I recommend mixing it with fruit and milk or water (whichever you prefer) in a blender. It also dissolves very quickly.
I like the combination of ingredients. It seems to work. I'm glad it's non-GMO, I wish it was organic. I have ordered twice and will order again.
Brain octane great addition to coffee when blended. I like the slight bitterness of the coffee. I buy brain octane once every couple weeks.
I need to lose ten pounds. It would be even better if I would lose 15. I started taking September 8 and take 4 pills a day. I am down two pounds. Not sure if I am not taking them at the right time of day, or if I should take before, after or during meals. But I will try for another month just to see if it takes a while before my body gets used to it. I do wish there were better instructions.
Works well, but I would prefer the liners to be a bit longer.
Not bad.. I feel like I'm eating a real cookie. Only spikes my blood-sugar slightly, but way better than a real cookie would.. Why am I saying real cookie? .. This is a real cookie, but no real cookie danger.
Shiny rose gold heavy duty forks. I gave 4 stars because of the bottom of the forks are a silver color (see photo). I cannot store them with the teeth of the forks down during the party
Great for some. Somewhat easy assembly... The arms were the most difficult part. Once you watch the YouTube video or the video off the site you realize it isn't as easy as the video makes it seem... Takes more force. The chair massage balls are not adjustable as far as height for a person.. So this chair is only good for a set range of heights for leg lengths and your back... My wife and I are 5' 4" and 5' 8" my wife wishes the torso could adjust lower so her neck could hit better.. And for the legs... The legs just don't fit well... But overall 4 star for being decent overall... You can turn off specific areas to not use air compressor like arms.. If you feel the arm compression is too painful or you are too claustrophobic. Nice features are the reclining options and different modes as well as being able to turn off certain areas. It has heat and butt vibration. Cons... You can't adjust for heights and some spots are painful... Like hitting my right foot on the ball, and the arm compression is a tad tight... Even for me with skinny arms
Definitely helps with sleepIng better and more consistently at night.
Half of it leaked or from large jug. Everything was soaked.
Good energy and makes your mind think it can go further. Not the best but decent enough for the average gym workout people. Good price as well
I would give it five stars but it's just a bit clumsy. You might find a normal razor to be easier, but idk. The blades themselves are better than Gillette so far though.
Doesn't seat as well on my mother's walker as I'd like, but it does the job.
Four stars because it works as expected, but personally the scent reminds me of cheap men's cologne...not festive pine as I had hoped.
This works great and helps with my posture while on my office chair. The back of my chair is not that wide so luckily I'm able to strap the Mesh Lumbar Cushion around it and it holds in place. It's comfortable and helps my lower back a lot.
helped with back pain
It's good, but they put me on a reorder list that I didn't ask for or want, so beware!
It's very soft and a nice solid weight that rests comfortably on my chest when I'm trying to sleep.
I like it, previously I was using (don't remember name, but pods were white and blue with orange in.the middle ), don't left white on plates
The instructions were clear, ingredients were nicely packaged. Some of the essential oils were not filled all the way, which was disappointing, but otherwise I'm very pleased!
I bought this 3 weeks ago, I take 1 spoon(provided) per day. I guess I might need more time to see what will changes for my body. It helped me sleep deeper and waking up with better energy and stamina.
Not as big as expected
I love this product but it didn't seem like there was much in it? either way it kept my piercings healing perfectly, and looking amazing. I definitely recommend this piercing aftercare to anyone looking for a routinely wash for piercings (:
A great product... If you need a good Vitamin B Complex... this is a good one to choose...
They did stink so I put them in dryer on air dry with a bounce softer. Now they are fine.
I ordered these because my boyfriend sounds like a growling Bear revving a chainsaw right next to me. I also have a small ear canals and was looking for something small that would be comfortable. Because you know, I have to wear earplugs to be able to be sleep while he gets to have a good nights rest and wakes up refreshed. These work. Only thing is I still sort of hear a low snore with them in. But I'd recommend d them.
It ripped when I wore it all day at work
These work like nothing else. And not that it matters, they taste a bit like sweet tarts, which I love. However, even if you don't like the taste, so what, it's not candy. I just don't understand why everything these days contains natural flavor, these included. For those who may not know, Natural flavor is code for MSG.
Wish the battery lasted longer.
Loved this, very nice for work, I did superglue it to the glasses. I'm very active and it wouldn't stay right where I wanted them. Best thing I did!
I have had this unit since 2010 and still works great. I have had to replace the UV bulb once and the fan once (about due for another fan). The replacement parts are inexpensive. My unit gets used every night and most certainly has added to the life span of my hearing aids. Just a great product.
Great box for essential oils! Sturdy and good quality. The colors of the design on the outside of the box appeared to be a little faded.
Easy and quick to use. Instructions were easy to follow. Replaced an older similar unit that died from old age.
Allergic reactions during the night
The taste is very sweet...and it leaves a grainy feeling in the mouth
Used for weekly maintenance. I think that it must work, haven't had any Drain backups since I started using product but I think it's still a bit early to determine.
Can't wait to use these Eco Nuts, looking for more sustainable products and I plan an trying these as a shampoo/soap! The only complaint I would have is that it is packaged with plastic bubble wrap pillows. It is already contained in a cardboard box that's promoting to reduce plastic, so the plastic is a bit unnecessary and I feel that it could go without. An idea could be using kraft paper instead. (Plastic film can be recycled in local film recycling bin, but it's nice to lower the demand/consumption of plastic for the planet).
I ordered these because I could not find the Core Performance pack that I have used previously. I bought these because they looked similar to the Core Performance packs. I know that's a silly reason to buy something but I really needed some more cold packs. I always use these as ice packs, I have have never heated them. I think that there will improve over time, i.e. soften up.
Lucky me it came without the cleaning brush
More sizes would be better
Well I jumped on the hype train over this preworkout, & sort of regret buying a whole case my first try, but it's pretty good! I didn't like it when i tried my first can, but I've been drinking it before working out and honestly feel really good. I usually drink Bang as preworkout and I've just been so sick of the brand and what the represent, and saw a lot of female fitness models on social media praising this brand so I gave it a try! I think I will b trying different flavors, but it's not bad ,& it's only 12oz love that !
I still can't believe how little I paid for this lighter. It always works, looks nice, and was inexpensive.
This toy rocks!! It caused more of a reaction in my wife than any other toy we've tried so far. It got her from A-Z pretty dang qui k! She enjoyed it inserted by itself and even more when my hand rocked it back and forth, applying pressure towards the top and then towards the bottom. Multiples ensued and thats not rare, but it is for a toy. I'd recommend this to any couple.
I really like this cup, it's very easy to wash my menstrual cup and keep it safe.
These are razor blades - what more can I say? They shave! It is handy having them delivered to your house though! And, I don't have to remember to buy them when I'm in the grocery store.
Strong taste, does the job, treating Lyme with combo of herbs and supplements. Hope it works.
The flow meter was easy to show the Liter/minute air flow and that assures you that nothing blocks or reduces the flow. Not sure why lead ball rather than using that metal is required since it could be dangerous and kept away from children.
I have just begun my journey to become a real man with the piece of art we call a beard. This was the first package I had ordered. The amazing price and good reviews is what won me over. The two best pieces in this set are the brush and the balm. The oil does its job but I wish it had a scent to it. But the oil and balm combo work very well and definitely do their job! Overall, awesome deal and a perfect kit for anyone who is starting out!
Arrived in a small box with glass dropper unprotected, laying right next to the glass bottle. I was amazed it wasn't broken as it was also in a larger box with other items unprotected from slamming into eachother.
This thing has been a blessing for my mother. She has fibromyalgia and often suffers from spasms and back pain. We've been having a cold snap lately in the heating pad has been doing so much for her! The coral sand is great because it gets hotter without burning much better than a traditional heating pad. The one tip I will say is make sure it is evenly dispersed through it before using it otherwise you get a little bit of an uneven heat. But if you need that beforehand it's perfect. it's also quite nice that it's an extra large size so it covers a much better area. She's quite a hole and often heats it before getting in the car for longer rides. Because Coral keeps heat longer it will generally stay nice and warm for at least an hour with no power source.
Wife says they work ok
Best product for the price.
So far it is working good. It does not get as hot as I like it but it will work
Good Value, will buy again. the only complaint is that it is hard to tear.
Packaging is on point. Easy to use functionality and gorgeous finish, except mine had a visual defect on he lid. Would've been 5 stars.
Fabulous arm workout, a couple minutes a day as done wonders on my arms! Can't seem to make it work for a leg work out though. For me there's not enough resistance on the legs.
I love the way the dust sticks to the microfiber head. I use it on my ceiling fans, ceiling vents, and to remove cobwebs along my ceilings. It is lightweight, easy to clean and overall does exactly what I needed it for. Thank you for your great product
Very convenient way to have beets. Good flavor
This tool was very good the one side with the little blade isn't as good, it's too thick for when you are trying to get into a tight area along the nail.
It's SO delicious! I just mix it with almond milk and bam, breakfast every morning. The flavor is a little bit sweet but I think I'm going to try adding actual peanut butter and using my ninja to blend it all together
Very sturdy, it arrived already assembled except for the back, and was very useful, it was very easy to clean. Very happy with this product.
This did the job, but the price could be better
I just started using this product so I don't know how successful it will be. However, I am impressed with the design and after wearing for just hours I felt that it was already straightening my bunion. It was very easy to put on and is comfortable but I don't know if it will actually correct my bunion, which I am hoping for.
they're not the freezer bags. need to pay attention.
Arrived on time, item as described.
Size Small still had room. Wish there was an Extra-Small Size.
It is a great toy and definitely gets the job done. The material is top notch and allows you to control the level of suction. The only reason I gave it 4 starts is because the massage pattern inside could be better. Wish it had more patterns available, like they do for their other products. However, it is great for the price. (Easy clean up, my girlfriend loves that).
It was my first purchase of beeswax, so I have no comparison to others. I used to make lotion bars. I was very pleased with the outcome of my final product. I would reorder again.
Ginger is supposed to be very good for us so I was afraid it would taste “healthy” (ie, vile!) but it's not bad at all. I combine it with peppermint to help settle a queasy tummy.
absorbency .... shipping charges
No gimmicks on marketing. I pick the product I want and that's what I get. Plain and simple. No fuss. Will definitely continue to buy these products.
A little large and hard to get use to at first. Pretty good after more than one period.
Having always used a sponge to wash dishes, these gloves took some getting used to. The pros: - They seem to be very durable and are comfortable to wear (though they were a bit large on my wife's hands) - I was able to get into some areas to clean that are difficult with a sponge - They clean up easily after use - They are nice and long so that you don't end up with water inside (versus some other dish gloves) - They appear to do a good job of cleaning most items Cons: - Cleaning greasy items can make them slippery (versus a sponge/cloth) and thus a bit harder to use without cleaning them off between greasy dishes - For tougher stains (and greasy items) I still had to use the sponge Overall they are a solid value and worth the money, but I wouldn't throw away my sponge.
Grateful to get some relief and that they are shellfish-free (highly allergic to seafood). Took approx. 4-5 weeks to feel some relief.
This is a small backscratcher with a pen pocket clip. It works fine and not too sharp. The black one looked good, but the purple one had some of the paint scratched off bot on the scratcher and the handle.
Has helped to almost eliminate dry eye and I have a lesser need to use eye drops.
We are taking this as a family. Having a special needs son, we want to ensure that he doesn't have any parasites in him
I aim my pee at the gel, which keeps my pee in the toilet and the bathroom cleaner and smelling nicer longer. Great value on sale, but still a good value at msrp. Also keeps the bowl from getting the light reddish mildew ring.
These ear plugs are comfortable but they don't block out my husbands snoring. I haven't been able to find any that actually do!
I like the stool. No trouble with stability either. I'm about 275 lbs and feel comfortable sitting on it. The top is not too slippery even when I soap up and then sit down. As with any stool you just have to use caution when sitting down especially in a shower. I would reorder this stool.
Have only been taking these for a couple of weeks - too soon to know for sure if they are having an impact. But, I DO know that they are not causing any unpleasant side effects, and they appear to be a quality product. Time will tell.
All these mouth strips are basically the same. This one is a better value since you get more for the money. As far as effectiveness for reducing snoring... mouth strips in my experience are no more or less effective than nose strips. However, they are a little more comfortable and much cheaper. They help a little most of the time but nothing I've tried will stop snoring completely.
The ship were slow. But the tea is really good.
Like the materials, like the case. Only problem is the slightly crooked zipper seam going around it. I've seen other ones that were perfectly straight and even or at least near perfect. The one i got was slightly off. Probably some inconsistency in manufacturing. Works good though and zips up good.
Works very well not real crazy about the color
It's a good little sound machine if you need something simple, portable, and easy. It can get a little annoying to have to go through all the noises to find the one you want but it works well once you do. It's also been really easy to take on travel.
good and soft, good price.
I like it! I prefer this to my old water pik because I don't have to splatter water all over my sink or worry about refilling. Works best with a shower head you can pause so you don't waste so much water whilst cleaning your teeth. Bonus, I use the second head for cleaning stuff. This thing can shoot a very powerful stream.
5% seems to work better than the 4%. Creams. Provides relief to back and shoulder pain.
I find it helps to regulate me. I don't have much pain so i really can't say
Way easier than trying to grind a dried ginseng root. Yes I tried and will continue to buy this brand from Amazon.
Size of capsule much more manageable than similar products . Have only used the product less than 3 days but seems to work well and no after taste.
I like the ear pieces fine. They do keep my glasses on my face. They made my ears a little sore. But better today
Little bit goes a long way! Smells are good. Wish they had other ones too. Scent last for a good amount of time.
Nice materials, but the finishing could be better. The sharpest tip is a little bent over.
it does what lube does but then it's kinda sticky after
Love the glass and pump...but the pump tends to leak around the hole where the pump head stem goes down. Otherwise the MCT product itself is great!
for a simple product..has worked pretty good
I use this every day and hoping it will long term awesome effect.
if you can get past the salt flavor they have a good orange flavor. helps me during hot flashes
Put these in a pair of flat sandals and they do make them better.
Great Product, Well made and the microfiber and Squeegee work great on tile showers, Just wipe down and squeegee or squeegee alone. Five stars if the product came with an adjustable hanger, would be easier to grab and wipe down after every shower. Sure I can find something to accommodate the handle but would make the product all that much better to come with a way to attach.
It is what it is ... it's an inexpensive product, not sure how it will hold up long-term, but it does what it's supposed to. Like others stated, it didn't come with any instructions, and I wore it backwards the first night. I came back to look at the pictures on Amazon to see how it was to be worn. Overall, inexpensive, does what it's supposed to, and likely a good solution for short to medium-term usage.
All Bulk Supplements are excellent, this one is no exception. The only thing is, I wish that they would improve their packaging. That being said, this is the only way I buy supplements.
Great quality but smaller than it appears in the picture. It does not go shoulder to shoulder and hits about mid back and I am only a 5"7 female. I will see if I can find a bigger one. Needs to heat about 2:30 in my 1200 watt over to get warm enough for me.
I do not believe this thing would slim your face at all, but that's not why I bought it. I have a really hard time remembering not to clench my jaw, and when I wear a mouth guard, it just makes me clench my jaw in a different position. This thing, while embarrassing and ridiculous, makes it impossible to clench your jaw and gives all those muscles a little break. Do not try in front of others.
This pill box is working as stated . My purchase does not have the locking feature. It was purchased for my elderly father who has some memory issues. We did post step by step instructions near the box for him to follow when taking his meds, such as needing to push the "next alert" button twice. The instructions given for setting up the timers were adequate.
I used this product along with my weight loss program. I took it first thing in the morning - upon rising and 1 hr before lunch and 1 hr before dinner. Even 2 hrs before a meal works. This formula worked for me. It curbed my appetite and help me take off pounds. Its my go to formula.
These balls will rid your drying clothes of wrinkles and when used with the scented oil they make your whole load smell fresh and clean. I would definitely but this again.
I was a little surprised at first at the small package considering the price. Then I thought about how much I pay for a bag of frozen blueberries at the store. This is powdered condensed blueberries and far more in this little bag than in the large Frozen bag. Apparently there is some data that blueberries lower blood pressure. That's why I bought it. Although I prefer eating the frozen blueberries, I would have to eat large quantities every day to lower blood pressure. Instead I take a little scoop or two of this stuff and mix it with a little glass of lemonade and whip it in the blender for a few seconds to mix it up. It goes down nice and has a nice flavor. Maybe it works for blood pressure? I don't know. I hope so.
Serves the purpose..I guess its good for one's health ..
You'd hope the scent be a bit more present but it's very light but that's just how most vaporizers are (The outermost inside plastic ring) over time got warped and made it become EXTREMELY DIFFICULT to take the top off like a pain in the ass to take off bc there would be too much friction between the the top and bottom part bc of the warping. but I took a lighter to it and tried to warp it back it looks kinda bad underneath but but it fixed the problem of it getting stuck and you can't even see the warping from the outside when you're using it because it's all an internal thing so it doesn't really matter but I thought I'd share incase you start experiencing the same thing
Give this a try... Much better support than some of the competing prostate support supplements out there. Recommended....
The clasps break too easy. The chew necklaces are awesome though!
Works great. Only reason for not 5 stars is I'm not sure how long it will last. Have had it for about 2 months and it is showing the wear... I will order a new one if the present one starts failing. BTW - as others have said ignore the small/med/large/etc sizing. I'm a pretty skinny guy and had to get an XL to get the correct fit.
They work well once you get them out of package. Just hard to grab the buggers a lot of times without ripping pieces off first. Being that they are flushable, I understand, but urgh it gets a little bit aggravating. Would still probably purchase again for the flushable factor.
Smells really good and makes my skin soft and not dry.
The bandage material is soft and breathable. I like that they all came in individually packaged; it makes it very travel/sports bag friendly. It provides a decent compression as it comes and my only thing would be that if I had a more severe issue I would probably opt for a thicker ace bandage but for normal occurrences this is more than fine
Does a nice cleanse as well . Huge pills though . I like the product though
I Really Like This Alot & Would Recommend To Anyone Who Is In Need Of A Sleep Aid!!!!!
It is a seemingly well made and sturdy devise. I've only used it a few times but even as a one handed cook, and I use the term cook loosely, I prefer chopping onions without it. I do, however, really like using it on the harder veggies. It keeps carrots from popping away from the cutting board. I can see myself using it on other things in the future. As low as the price is and as little amount of space this thing takes up you really cannot go wrong with purchasing it.
Perfect for a backyard party, pretty & durable.
Received all three cans in one box and it arrived quickly. Tastes good; I usually add a banana or some strawberries.
Very soft, good idea but had a little difficulty keeping them from rolling up when placing sock on. Fast delivery
Yes, I work out a lot, and Elevated Ginseng actually helps me with my after work out recovery.
Exactly as advertised
Yes it's Melatonin and it's works and the absorption is much faster but my only concern has been after three uses/servings from a single bottle, the sugar begins to heavily crystallize. My concern with this is dosing, not that you can over do it but I question the ratio as product separates. If it did not do that, this would be a perfect 5 stars.
Works good so far. Still using it so I can't really write a great review yet.
Works well, and love that you can throw in the pod and quickly get drunk from keurig. Negative is that they are quite pricey.
Satisfied customer. Several times.
This foot roller is sturdy, light-weight and well made. It comes with two extra spiky rollers that are easy to switch out and the non-slip lining on the bottom is a great touch. As a dancer, I'm on my feet all day and I've tried a lot of different rollers. Personally, I think a lacrosse or tennis ball is more effective (hence four stars instead of five), but this roller still feels good. Bonus: it works well on your calves too!
I like the vanilla for my coffee but no flavor is more flexible.
I bought these when I fractured my sacrum And sitting was difficult. I love the seat cushion, but didn't need the lumbar support. Overall good value.
Works better with monitor on inside of wrist. Very nice functions and accurate readings consistently.
I'm not sure if this product is working. I'm not feeling or seeing a difference.
My hips hurt when I walk. I have noticed since taking Tumeric hip & joint has made a noticeable difference! I'm hoping for considerable results after taking it for longer then a few weeks.
I have used this supplement before and like it. The only issue on this purchase was that I accidently ordered and opened the version with caffeine. I have previously ordered and like the one without caffeine. I wish they looked more obviously different. I'll know next time. For now I am giving it a try...
They seem to be a good quality vitamin
These are, obviously, not adhesive (as you have to remove them to wash them). They fit in shoes as expected. They wash nicely- I have even accidentally run them through the dryer & they are fine. The terry cloth is very thin and that's their real drawback- they do still work ok to absorb sweat- but thicker terry would be better.
They are pretty easy to fill. It took a few tries to figure out that to light it you can't rush. What's consistently worked so far is holding the button down but not clicking it to spark for about half a second, then spark it. Also exercise caution as they are hotter than your standard lighter.
I have a CPAP, but sometimes just want a break. Doctor says I could benefit from minor nasal surgery, to open up my left nostril. It wouldn't remove the need for a CPAP, but it would help. The truth is, these work to open that nostril and allow air in. Probably not a permanent solution, as they can irritate on daily use. But it did open up my nostril, so they're worth a try.
Very heavy paper, great for wrapping toys. Careful, the red color tends to run when damp.
After putting wax dissolving drops in my sons ears first, this flushed out all the hunk that was blocking his hearing.
I was at a plateau and after seeing all the reviews and doing some research I thought I'd give this product a try! I'm super pleased, I noticed within a couple of weeks that I was less bloated and my little abs were peaking through! I also was less hungry which I needed to get used to because I'm a big snacker.. overall I'm happy with the results and can't wait to see what happens when I finish the bottle!
Too bad it's so expensive for the amount of product that I received. Two and a half ounces for around 27 dollars and change? How long is that going to last? I have been using Blue Emu and it works about as well for half the price and for 4 ounces. The inmotion lasts longer and works better. I simply cannot afford it at the present time. Hope this helps.
I purchased to help with skin tone. The good thing it is tasteless, mixes well in my coffee or water.
I rated this a 4 because it may well work, preparing it was the mess. The mixture of 2 parts water and 1 part powder was no where near a paste. It was a thin soup with a big clump of crystallized powder. So now I have a bowl full of yellow water with a bunch of crushed sand with oil floating on top. My only hope is that the coconut oil hardens enough to be able to mix it into a thick soup. I'm hoping someone has a better recipe and better way of mixing this stuff other than trying to put it in water. Any suggestions are welcomed.
Very functional, but the elastic belt has started to broke.
THIS IS AN EXCELLENT NUTRIENT.
Great amount of bubbles generated and really nice smell
My wife loved the flexibility and comfort
They do what they say they will. I do wish, though, that the tape tabs would stick a little better. They absorb well, but they get scooted around and they make one sweat more in the summer. But they are adequate for the job otherwise.
Works as expected, however i wish it didn't vibrate my hand so much when using. It feels great on the scalp though.
Wow! I loved my Magic Erasers but I didn't like spending so much for them. Now I love these! For my money I will continue buying this brand.
Good produce we used to clean the car
I like that it has a hole puncher attachment
The test is hassle free because it's really easy to use. I tried this multiple times to get accurate results then I realized that one test is enough. Plus the results just need 5 min to show up.
great product works as advertised
Seems to work well for for my access in are for dialysis
Just started taking them!
I had a couch/throw pillow that was perfect back support for this dining room type chair I use at my computer desk(I know I know I need a better chair lol), But it got thrown out. This isn't quite as good but certainly better than the pain I was going through with nothing.
Easy to swallow compare to other, wish a bit smaller, but it's good product, good value and worked well.
These bottle brushes are perfect for cleaning big bottles. I cleaned my wine bottles with them. I use the wine bottles or other big bottles for my craft stuff. If you are a crafty person like myself. These bottle brushes work amazing. I have a photo showing it actually fits into a small hole of a bottle. Definitely worth getting yours. It comes with four of them.
it works great! but now i know longer is better
My mom really likes these drops. She enjoys the flavors also. I also purchased them for a girl at work who's husband has cancer and is going through chemo again
I've been sampling various products. Unfortunately the flavored addition to drink is pretty awful tasting so decided I would be better off with a capsule that I don't have to taste. Tried a competitor, but never really felt it was working. This one I've had some great success with. I was on Keto for months, and took a break for close to 6 weeks. I'm now back in full swing in Keto - that 6 weeks was a great learning curve for me that I feel much better in Keto than when I'm out. The early days of the diet are always rough, but this product is helping me through it so much better than I expected!
A little loud with the vibration but heats up nice.
Has a nice scent. It's used for bodily cleansing. It's very gentle
The package was good, the translucent powder got everywhere in the package but other than that its a great buy so far!
Use it twice a day, good. No rinse bottle included.
Helped protect damaged pre bleached hair on final round of bleaching.
Awesome spreading bar . Comes with pretty comfortable cuffs , not the best but not the worse z
I do like the colors and how easily they go on. However, the primer feels sticky and the setting spray, about half of it leaked during shipping.
I was looking for a Strawberry vegan protein powder and this fits the bill. It's a bit chalky as most vegan powders are, but the flavor is good and NATURAL. The protein content isn't as high as my Garden of Life protein but that is the only downside I can think of.
Accurate results but have to time it for 40 seconds, other than that I found the strips just as good as Bayer keto sticks.
This is a wonderful product. It has a great vibration from soft to hard with different patterns. The grip is soft, easy to hold. The only thing was that it was hard to determine where the power cord went, the hole was small and looked more like it was suppose to be a cover instead.
I ordered a Open Box Description said: the only damage would be the Box, on one area the paint is damaged like broken off & when I sit it creates a cut on my hand or on my leg, I don't have anyone to take it to be returned so I have a damage product. (Another situation is when folding it to transport it with me I can't fold it doesnt stand on its own, even if someone folds it for me its a struggle to fold to carry to vehicle cause it doesn't clip, snap or strap together). But other than that I like the way it drives.
Its nice. Little loose at the bottom but i can work with it
Helps, but still requires a lot of elbow grease.
The Handlebar don't stick to anything and the chair is a little wobbly but it does the trick
A little expensive but the wipes are bigger and stronger than other all natural feminine wipes I have found here on Amazon. Will purchase again.
Bought this to light my pipe. The thing inserts into my current zippo case. Fits kind of tight in the case but works well for what I need.
They came very quickly! Packed well and came as described
We used this product just to try something new, initially i thought it would be massive. but it turned out to be just right for someone just getting into anal. use plenty of lube so you don't hurt yourself. clean thoroughly after use. we enjoyed it & are very interested in more products from this company.
It is very sturdy and very easy to use I love it!
Worked well for my athletes foot. Kind of messy. I think it would be better if it was a spray or a cream.
Good, but it will be great that this item will be cheaper
Easy to use. Sound and music options are very nice. You can adjust the volume and the lighting, and timer. I use this for my infant, toddler, and my 8/10 yr old boys who are used to music or white noise. The only cons are it doesn't take batteries, so it needs a power source at all times. It comes with a USB cable that can be used with a simple power plug/adapter (like for your cell phone), but doesn't come with the power adapter. Luckily, I have many extra around the house. Again, wish it worked with batteries so I could it without power, but other than that it's great and my all my kids love it and fall right to sleep.
I like the fact that these are gummies. The taste is good. I would recommend them. The only thing I did not like is that they are sticky and leave everything orange.
I received this product on time. I have to say that I love it. It controlled my appetite and helped me focus. Definitely helped me sweat more during my workout. Would highly recommend.
Definitely feel more charged in the am after a night of cocktails :)
Some of these lighters emit a high pitched sound when you use them. This is one of them. If you are sensitive to that kind of thing I would suggest avoiding this one. Edit: I was sent an updated version of this lighter to try and it does not make the high-pitched noise. I liked the lighter other than noise. The flexible part is nice. So this solved it for me. Hopefully only the new stock will be going out, in which case I can now recommend this lighter.
Are the tablets damaged after being delivered to a very hot mailbox? The back of the bottle says to store in a cool, dry place.
It worked pretty good once the skin was opened up and sprayed on. Didnt even feel the coloring.
Just started taking this product today, so not noticing a BIG difference, but I do seem to notice a little difference so far, so I definitely have hope! The taste is way better than I thought it would taste, so is also a big relief for me, as I have horrible gag reflux! I would have posted a 5 star, but I JUST started this product today.
Good product. Hazelnut flavor is very light or mild. A little bit of grainy residue in bottom of cup after drinking. I prefer the French Vanilla. Awfully expensive.
Great idea and works great. I just wish the attachments were easier to screw on. Feels like it could break at any moment
A few days after starting to use this product my joints feel better and my skin is clearing up and repairing itself faster than normal. I will continue to use this product!
easy to swallow, effective
These are not panty liners for daily use. They are 2 or 3 times thicker than the picture portrays, as well. They're good for light users, though. I stopped wearing pads a long time ago so I don't have much use but liked that were cotton. Hence, the still good review.
Made A Difference support & Circulation, less foot pain
Received the heating pad today and I will say that It's very soft and heats up quick. I like it!!
I'm almost done with my 1st bottle of LEAN test booster. Ordered a 2nd because I'm hoping the continued taking of this will continue with my results. I have felt less tired. I've been getting a better nights sleep (not sure if it due to taking this though). I've noticed some gains in my workouts. I feel stronger and my endurance on the "machine" is increasing constantly. I've been concentrating on "core" exercises and I'm slowly getting my stomach back to where I want it. I've lost almost 20 pounds and the majority of it has come off since taking the Test booster. What I like best about it is the natural ingredients and the gel caps. They aren't too big and I'm able to take them all at once. Personally I take mine after my workout with my breakfast (as directed to take with a meal). I've read that some people take their test boost on an empty stomach, etc, etc...As for libido, I never really had a problem with my libido or my stamina in bed. But the Test boost has help.
I Haven"t Seen One Like This Since I Was In The Hospital. Always Wanted Another One. Thank You For Such A Great Product.
They were beautiful but deflated a bit by second day
I like these a lot, perfect for the bridal shower I bought them for
Had a really old stain that I have tried EVERYTHING to get up with no luck. This product worked great and loosing up the stain in the fabric and allowing me to soak it up. The only negative is I had to use all four cans over multiple days to get it up. But again note that this stain has been there for years!!
Purchased Dandelion root extract powder to help with bile and digestion but not sure if its working yet. I add it to my tea in the morning or mixed into lemonade. I notice that I am urinating a lot for hours after..a bit annoying. I also noticed that my menstruation started 10 days earlier than it has in months. I wasn't too thrilled about that either. Overall I'm hoping that it eventually helps detox my liver and boosts my digestion.
The first day it was a little hard with fitting and suction. After the second day I caught the hang of it. Next month will be a breeze. Only thing is I may have needed the size A instead of the B. The suggestions say if you've had kids get the B but I didn't think about I had two cesarean section...lol
Exactly what we expected. Used in hygiene kits for homeless. Thank you.
I love these! I wear them on the plane & they work perfect. They're also really good for noise cancellation! Definitely recommend BUT I only got one pair... I really wish I could've gotten another one!!! Anyways, beside that, I really do enjoy them!
To monitor my personal blood pressure as well church members. The machine is easy to use and read.
Use lots of lube or it can be painful. Softer material would be better. Still a nice spreading.
feet sweat some in them
Love the actual product itself. What I don't like is the bottle. You can't squeeze the contents out. As for the wash and conditioner it's the best product on the market at an unbeatable price
Not sure if I've used it right, it still shows Celsius readings... but seems to work.
Bought for my husband and he likes chewable because of the size of many supplements. He said the flavor is good. The price was very reasonable for the number of tablets.
We didn't notice it was a single-ply and we find that we use a bit more toilet paper and therefore not lasting as much as we think it should. Other than that it's fine.
I use it to count heart rate during cardiac assessments. It does the job . I would've given it 5 stars but sometimes the screen has to be manipulated to visualize the second clock while listening through the stethoscope
The napkins are lovely BUT I ordered the Rose Gold and received the Silver. I had to use them so I can't return.
Purchased this to alleviate pain in my knee. I like it but I don't love it. The pain really didn't go away, but perhaps nothing would make it go away. The best thing about this cream is my little Maltese didn't care for the smell or taste. When I use Aspercreme, he goes crazy. Follows me everywhere trying to reach my knees to lick the Aspercreme off.
I have been really enjoying this posture corrector. I have really bad posture this helps me to keep my pastor upright. It is very comfortable compared to most and is really well priced.
i read that taking vit. K2 helps w/ calcium consumption.
It taste fine, mixes better than many protein powders, using small whisk. Tastes good in my morning smoothie. Satisfying.
Arrived quickly and honestly not bad taste at all for a protein product! Definitely gives you a sweet tooth fix while keeping you on track.
So far it has kept my feet softened but the smell isn't as fresh as I hoped. Its minty but not fresh. I do not get the refreshed feeling. It does however keep my feet soft.
Needed to read more thoroughly about how to use this.. gummed up in my mouth even when mixed with water. I think it probably needed to be added to warm water.
Not sure how much better than another upgraded fish oil Carlson's is but using Inflammation Balance and another fish oil works for me.
I have frequent nausea due to... fibromyalgia? IBS? Some other mystery illness? This stuff really helps.
Not our fav patchouli but it's pretty good.
I have been using elderberry for a couple of years now. My immune system had run off or died. One of my Drs told me that if I fell and broke an arm, it could take a year for it to heal with no or low immunity in my body. That day changed my life. I took control of my body that day and will always know my body more than anyone else in the world. Elderberry keeps me from getting sick. It really works! This brand works as well or better than any of the others. However, I have to say it isn't helping me to sleep. I do not know why but I am wide awake until 3-4 o'clock every morning. Otherwise, it is a wonderful immune building miracle.
2nd time purchasing. Doesn't completely take your hangover away but definitely helps as I am getting up there in my years.
This protein do what it is supposed, however it doesn't taste as other brands. The taste can be improved as other brands have better chocolate taste
Have lost 9 pounds since using and maintaining the weight lost. Remembering to take 1/2 before eating is the challenge. As with any weight loss program, diet and exercise are important.
Great sign, the balloons were cute, inexpensive
I like this fitbit, it works great for what I want it to do. Tracks my steps, tracks my sleep, and reminds me to move. The app can be a bit difficult to use at first. Sometimes I still have difficulty remembering where something is in it. I like the challenges you can do, but it kind of sucks if you don't have a lot of friends who have fitbits, because you are then limited on who participates. I don't like the default exercises it gives you on the watch and it doesn't give you many options to change it out with. Overall the watch itself, it's lightweight, waterproof, you can change the bands to make it dressy or casual. You can easily shower with it on. The touchscreen function works great. The "charger" it comes with is a very short cord. So either plan to charge it and let the watch dangle or rest on a counter/desk whatever that might be about 6 inches from an outlet, or just invest in a longer cord. I like the watch being small. I have very tiny wrists and order the small size bands, they fit very well. My picture is the watch with a changed out band on it, but I like the size on my wrist. It's not too bulky and doesn't stick out too far. I've had this watch about 3 months now and I would recommend it.
Not sure if it's working. I have to take before bed or I burp and it taste awful
Does not always work..
Taste better than I thought. Mostly of peanut butter.
I take two of these about 15 minutes before eating something I know will cause me gas. Works pretty well! Reduces severe bloating from beans, broccoli, etc.
I was amazed at how this product helped my wife consistently lose weight. Worth the price!
So far so good. This supplement seems to suppress my appetite since I started using it about one week ago. I am eating a healthy diet so along with this supplement I am hoping to get a little assistance with increasing my metabolism. I will update after I use this for a few more weeks.
look good, and fun, but do not last long.
Great packaging! Includes all ingredients
Its awesome just wished it had more settings. I love it and will be purchasing one for my mother.
These are large tablets...so if you don't mind, then they are ok. I personally would dread taking them (and per my doctor, it was 3 times a day)...so have switched to a buffered capsule.
Very satisfied with all product I have ordered from Bulksupplements so far. This one was no exception.
I love the USB charger. The light is bright and numbers are clear. I don't think it's 100% accurate but what is right?
Product is ok. The item came in with broken plastic eye dropper. I did replace with glass droppers
I buy these as they're quite a bit cheaper than the local Walgreens. I buy several at a time. These do work as advertised and will keep using them.
The product is easy to use. My daughter got some nail fungus on her big toe and we have been using to treat it. It seems to be working so far. The only reason I do not give 5 star review is because she is still using it and it's a gradual process of a few weeks and I will update the results once she completes the treatment.
I have it 4 Stars due to the rubber protective caps not being secured over the leg adjuster lever. One was missing in shipping and they scratch you without them. Electrical tape works to remedy it. But should not need to. Otherwise a very nice chair. One wheel is slightly bent. But they get bent up over time from use. So overall a Good chair.
This feels. Little flimsy and is a little dificult to put on but it is nice once you get the hang of it. 4 stars because I feel that it could be a bit thicker because it cooperated like plastic wrap and stuck to itself.
I really love this shampoo and conditioner combo. I never thought a dual product would make my hair as clean and smooth as separate products do, but this totally lives up. It really cuts down my shower time and makes packing for travel easier. I have super thin, color treated hair and it works great. Keep in mind: It does not lather up as much as other products, but it's definitely still getting the job done. I highly recommend it!
Research into my health needs strongly recommended some of the ingredients listed in the label of this product. However, for some time now, I had to purchase them separately. Happily, this product provided a very economical way of accessing the combination of the benefits of the ingredients, and without having to consume several items per dose. Disclosure: do your own due diligence, and you'll see why this product is something to rave about
Works great! Cost is a little much.
Work exactly as described
I do like the soft silk material and it keeps light out sufficiently. I don't like that this mask goes all the way to my hairline which makes forehead sweat and break out. I also don't care for the adjustable part of the band as I can feel the plastic against the back of my head at times. I had the previous version of this mask and it was narrower on my face which I liked but the elastic band stretched out after a year. I'll wear it but also keep looking for one a little smaller.
Hasn't really helped with weight loss, but I have noticed an increase in my energy levels.
Exactly as described. Shipped promptly. I used it to verify the calibration on my Omron automatic blood pressure cuff and it gave the same reading. Cheaper in pink as if the color of a blood pressure cuff really matters
I had a slight buzzing in my ears and this did help
A very nice percussion massager that works efficiently to loosen muscles.
The Neck Track makes massaging my neck easy and effective.
Work uniform shirt is white, these are great to use to remove the coffee I spill on my shirt 5 times a day.
The company was very good to work with. I was unable to use the product because it wasn't what my Dr. required, so they refunded me in full!
Bought this item for 87 year old person to carry their cell phone in. Easy to attach to a walker.
They they work great they took the fan off my knees
I've only given 4 stars as I've not used the pillow in the truck (very stiff suspension) I purchased it for. Once I've used it, I may change my rating. The pillow appears to be well made. I especially like the removable, washable cover.
Received my set today. It arrived super fast. All bottles were previously opened and three were not closed all the way so they leaked during shipping. The combination of eucalyptus, tea tree, and peppermint has pushed my pets and I out of our home until it airs out. The three that didn't leak are the ones I really wanted and they smell wonderful away from the stench of the ones that did leak.
It's says non alcoholic but has a bite to it.
I purchased this to monitor my husband's blood pressure. It seems accurate and the dial is easy to read. The release knob is very sensitive and will go down rather quickly, thereby missing an accurate reading. So, be sure and release it very slowly.
Glad to find the battery it was a safer
I bought a balloon compressor to blow up the balloons which was great. The plastic tool to tie the balloons is a life saver. I did watch a couple YouTube videos to help figure out how to put this together. Started with all white then replaced with the confetti balloons. As the day went on the clear balloons became more opaque. I bought additional 5” gold balloons to add in which I think made a great addition. Overall I was very satisfied with this purchase.
Like the weight of it easy to move
Little taste, but that is exactly as desired, as this product that does not have a bunch of flavor and sugar additives. Very high protein content relative to the same scoop amount as other products.
it's a little tricky to get a good read sometimes.
I've enjoyed using this but just wish when it went off it was a little louder so if I happens to go in another room I can hear it.
I'm a coffee drinker, so I didn't have high hopes that this stuff would work. But somehow it does. The first couple times I took it I used a full tablet and it triggered my anxiety and I was about to throw it away. But I tried breaking the tablet in quarters and turns out that's just the right amount of whatever magical herbs and vitamins are in these things.
This product does what it says,it revives my hair without actually wetting my hair because it reactivated the products that are already in your hair and the scent is amazing it's a win win 4 me
Nice, vibrant colors. Can be blown up to a very large size. Kids love them! The only negative comment would be the rubber band comes off easily but that is a quick fix!
I like this establishment.
There's a lot of nice presentation to this tea product. But really, all it is is fennel seeds in a tea bag....That said the fennel is a good quality and it works for IBS.
My wife might use it as she is paralyzed I left side so I'm hoping she can use it as it will keep her upright. At this time she is reluctant to use it. We will be going to physical therapy next week and maybe they can get her to use it.
I like the size and it's not really stinky but it does sometimes irritate my skin and then I have to take another shower to settle it down. Not as good as if hoped but it's because I have such poor skin.
I found this product to be very enjoyable. I have never used one before but tried it out for fun and it was. The pocket vagina feels just like the real thing and I plan to take this on trips whenever possible. I found the tightness of the product to be incredible. The clean up was super easy and didn't take a lot of time just running warm water through it worked great. The best part is it doesn't take up much space in my suit case or at home.
Upon unwrapping this roll-on the first thing I noticed was the fairly strong menthol smell but as I used it and it dried on my skin the odor vanished. It works very well to relax tight calf and neck muscles although it does leave a slight residue. All transdermal magnesium products are expensive, but they work for me.
I think it is working. My pressure is being at a lower level now.
Just got it, got it fast
I've only been using this product for a little while but is seems to be working in the right direction. Some of the areas where I had problem breakouts are all clear now!
Strong scent, takes some getting used to. Lathers well.
This little set was perfect! Took an old set of crutches with dried out pads and made it look like it came out of shrink wrap.
It definitely helps with odors and I am hoping it is helping with draining also.
I used it as part of a mix for bug spray so I cannot vouch for it by itself.
Took four days for it to give me my period at taking the two pills three times a day. Hadn't had my period in 40 days. Would defiantly recommend this if u need that help.
Fits good depending on where you need to put them.
The cream worked well. On my case , I was doing a large tat on my whole back. I applied 2 hrs prior to each session. I wore some dry fit shirt until I arrived for the sessions. The cream minimize the pain very well specially on the center and lower back. I would have used a bit more on the sides but it was very tolerable. Once again on my case It decreased the intensity of the pain , kept me very relax and did not jump all over the place. It have to give a percentage of pain around 40% decrease. My session last 3 hrs every time. I am very lean.
Wide width makes it versatile, length is good. Very nice not to have to keep track of the little hooks that come with other bandages. Velcro-like strips on both ends. Have used on knee and ankle so far. I like it.
Pill is tooo big I have to cut tip goog product need to work on making smaller
Begin sting, after rolled much less stinging...
My heals crack and get really as in the CA dry weather. This foot file works well although you do have to be very careful while using this. Personally i felt it worked better for me on the dry skin than in the shower. Be careful and not use this everyday. I feel once a week is enough for me as i am afraid i am going to hurt myself.
This product has improved my prostate, able to sleep through the night
I've only had the product a couple weeks, but I feel like my breasts are slightly fuller. I am excited about taking the pills and very hopeful that they work
I like these better than typical pads like always and they do help with odor, but they are not very sticky on the adhesive side. I can barely get them to stick to cotton underwear and the back portion does not stay in place.
Good, not my favorite because it doesn't mix so easily
I am docking one star from this because the material was a bit difficult to work with and it didn't soften up super easy when warmed. It's not quite as flexible as some others I have used but it does stay well once you get it stuck down. I was using it for a purpose other than intended so that may be why. I actually used it to cover a custom made privacy panel on a desk.
they are thin but they work
Use it with BB cream last longer n sets well
The bags are beautiful an good quality. I ordered 4 sets of the “Thank You” and only received 3. The 4th set was “Welcome “ bags. Spoke to Amazon customer service and they quickly resolved the issue. So if you order multiples be sure to check your order. If the need arises in the future for this type of gift bag I would definitely order again.
The unit is well designed and is very soothing.
These help my hands a lot! The only reason I didn't give them a 5 is because I feel they could be a bit tighter.
My BP has been running too high and my dr. upped the dosage on my pills. Have had a wrist version for years and it has my BP running too low. Needed something accurate so I tried this upper arm version. I was a bit uneasy about using these, don't really know why, but it was very ease to set up, put on and get an accurate reading. Would have loved to have a bag/case to keep it in and an electric cord to fit it, but it meets what I need.
Very soft. They did not take my pain away completely, but definitely calmed it down.
Smells good. Works well.
Love these liquid drops as opposed to pills. Faster absorption and good taste
Its good except it gets stuck in my hair and ususally rips a few strands out when I take it off. I have to tuck it under my ponytail to keep it on my head.
Exactly what I expected
Bought it for my wife for an aromatherapy necklace for Christmas, to see if she thought an aromatherapy sprayer would help her breathing. So far she loves the necklace -- she's had a cold for days and inhaling the eucalyptus from her necklace has helped a lot, she said -- so I think the sprayer is next. Good clean scent, only needs a few drops.
I bought this for my husband who works construction and wears jeans. When he does this every day he get a heat like rash on his thighs that itch from sweat. I gave this to use and seems to be doing the trick of relieving his symptoms. Did not give 5 star as I am not the one using this.
It may be a placebo effect but it seems to get the work done. The change isn't so significant for me to be sure though.
Works great so far. I like that the beeping isn't loud and the tip is flexible. My only issue is the button itself to turn the thermometer on is difficult to press and the screen isn't backlit so it's hard to read if it's darker. I take my temperature when I first wake up and it's still dark and I don't want to wake up my spouse by turning on the lights.
I had purchased a similar bag and a little disappointed that it was not exactly what I had ordered in the past. My error, I ordered from a different company.
A friend suggested I try this when I mentioned that I have a hard time sleeping since moving to night shift at work. It does seem to help me fall asleep, but the nightmares sometimes wake me up and make it hard to fall back asleep. This same friend warned against taking 10 mg; apparently the nightmares can be even worse.
This brush is very sturdy, it is soft to the scalp, and it styles my hair really well. The only issue I have is a personal preference really. It is very large and I prefer a smaller brush that I can control better when parting my hair. This one is the size of my full hand including outstretched fingers, bigger than I like.
I do feel better as I don't get a full pyramid of food so I like to make sure I get my Vitamins. No issues so far with its use. Though not sure if its me just getting older but the healthy brain and eye health not sure if that part is working but. I do feel a lil more energy and a lil less groggy. Looking to pick more up.
I really like the mild flavor and how fresh it leaves the mouth. It also seems to have less junk in it then most mouthwashes. The bottles are small however.
product worked well, comparable to Accu Check at half the price..
I purchased this brace because I have pain in my right thumb from holding my mouse while at work. It feels a little awkward at first, however my thumb doesn't hurt like it used to at the end of the day. I game it for starts since my hands are larger and the straps are a little on the short end for me. I put the strap as low as I can in my wrist but still can't game the cords labs over without it feeling like there is too much tension.
I like the sturdiness of the wedge only the lip between where the wedge stops and the bed starts is a big thick. This tends to irritate my back somewhat, but I hope to get used to it in time.
I love that this doesn't use extreme measures like people who are doing liver cleanses tend to use. I get worried sometimes about harsh products but this one seemed completely natural! Overall I was very very happy with it!
On my second bottle. Can't tell much difference.
Not that much moisture but it still cleans
This was a purchase for another person. But came in right time and in good package
Love the brand but I was missing 2 of the 17 packets..
Very good Gel Packs. good quality, No leaks. I have been using these Ice packs now for over 2 months and they've worked great.
Used this razor to practice before investing in a true straight razor. As with most razors, it's more about the blade than the razor itself. I tried using the included Shark blades it came with, but quickly had to resort to my Feather blades that I use for my safety razor. Any double edge blade will work, you just have to break it in half to use with this razor. Overall a decent substitute for a straight razor if trying to save on cost.
Definitely can tell when I take these. Not near as hungry.
Seems to help with foot pain a bit.
It was longer than what I expected and it was folded and that created a crease that I couldn't get out. I applied it and I works for now. Fast shipping could have been packaged better.
Took a long time to receive. One of the batteries was bad. Other than that OK
Much improved version of this type of home spa. It heats the air which bubbles through the mat so your bubbles don't cool off so quickly. However, something still needs to be done to improve the adherence of the mat to a non-stick tub bottom.
This was recommended by my psychiatrist in an effort to substitute a need for more Xanax for anxiety. It's good stuff. It will make you burp lavender. Which is kinda weird... but not necessarily unpleasant. Take more than one and you'll wanna sleep all day. And I HATE having to pop each one out. I do them all at the same time and put them in a bottle.
So there are some positive and negatives about these. The negatives are there not true to sizing, I chose an extra large to fit in my medium frame. Also they tend to bunch behind the knee cutting off the circulation when you travel. But I think the worst part is that the graduated compression starts at the foot and goes all the way up to the side but when it comes to the abdomen it's loose. The good news is, you are getting pretty good quality for the money. They seem to be fingernail resistant as I have had them on and off probably 20 times since lipo. I've accidentally washed and dried them in the machine as they got mixed in with my other clothes and they came out just fine. Once you get them on and get them adjusted completely they're very comfortable there like Second Skin.
Great alternative to just drinking water
This is an update! I was thinking of returning this item. But I decided to give it more time to learn how to use it correctly. What I like about it is that I do feel a relief on my neck when I use it. I haven't felt anything on my stomach area or collarbone maybe because I haven't learn to use it correctly.
Have not taken it long enough to know how well it works. For some reason with the first bottle, I didn't take enough. I am elderly and hope that this will give me some added relief from fibromyalgia and serious back problems. Am looking forward to being better soon.
Been using this product for about 2 weeks and I've noticed a difference In my weight. I've dropped Close to 3 pounds with a healthy diet. I'm curious to see if I will continue to loose weight while using this product
The product does what it advertises. It was different than the ones I uses to use and having problems getting use to them. However I am using them and eventually I am sure they will be fine
This is a very nice looking cane that gets attention. There was a label on it that was almost impossible to remove. The cane tip cracked the first time I used it.
These briefs fit slender men much better and have fewer leaks. They are more comfortable and fit better under dress clothing.
Works only to some extent.
Will survive SOME heat disinfecting, unlike the provided tubing that melts at even too warm of water. Easy to assemble and gives a solid seal. Will buy again
They do great! I just think they're a little pricey.
Bought a new office chair and started experiencing daily coccyx pain that got progressively worse. Bought this product and found that it helped immediately. My pain, although not gone completely, is much better.
I like that the product is organic and free from common toxins. I don't like the plastic packaging and applicator--I would love it if these were replaced with something biodegradable. The product works well, but is not best for me for heavy exercise where I still use Tampax or Playtex Sport to avoid leaks.
I got the big bottle, What is the best way to put some of the liquid in a seperate bottle? What kind of bottle?
This has been great for my kids - they are willing to do the sprays several times a day without too much complaining. They do like a drink after to rinse it down, but it's worth it knowing the protection they are getting from using it daily.
It works good. I love that it has ginger in it. The ginger really helps settle my stomach when I intake the ashwagandha.
Arrived in a timely manner and was as described. The product provides relief of hammertoe when walking but i find it a little uncomfortable to run with.
Have multiple choice for you massage.
2nd day wearing them, foot feels better than it has in months. Only complaint is the seam near the toes is a bit uncomfortable.
I've only begun taking these so I can't see a change yet, but I like that these are small and don't taste too bad
My significant other seems to be overall pleased with the purchase. Lifelike and firm but pliable. No complaints about smell or taste. SO said much better than hard plastic or floppy jelly.
I have noticed some results. After one treatment, the next day my nails looked cleaner. It's been a week now and still good results even though things are moving slowly. This is the best product that I have found after years of other products. I have some hope now.
these work okay but wear down quickly
The wearable G-Spot butterfly vibrator is a brand new style of sex toy. Covered in smooth, body-safe silicone, rechargeable, waterproof, and shaped perfectly to stimulate both internally and externally with ease, this vibrator is more impressive than it seems at first glance. It really does pulsate, and not in an overly-aggressive, springy way. Instead, weighted balls inside the toy pulse back and forth in a rhythm that you can adjust to move faster to your liking. The toy also vibrates intensely, so you can use the external arm to stimulate your clit simultaneously. Although truthfully, the vibration is a definitely a bit buzzy and while the toy is advertised as wearable (meaning you should theoretically be able to achieve dual stimulation hands-free), I did find that the clitoral arm was positioned a little off the mark, and the toy was much more effective if I held it in place. When I did that, however, it worked beautifully, thrusting back and forth internally as sensations rose to delicious levels. The toy comes with a handy remote control, which I did use to adjust my initial chosen intensity, but since my hand was still on the toy throughout use, I admittedly did not utilize it nearly as often as I simply cycled through the different patterns manually on the toy. But during partner play, the remote is a super handy, user-friendly tool that I'm glad the company included. One last thing I have to mention: this toy heats up. Seriously. Double tapping the on/off button activates the heating feature, and upon doing so, I immediately felt the toy getting warm (but not too hot) in my hand. This added stimulation feels amazing and is the only time I haven't been concerned when a toy started to get hot while I was using it. Don't worry, it's totally safe, and totally worth testing out. Bottom Line: This toy is fantastic. It contains the same features as popular high-end toys at the same level of effectiveness for less than a quarter of the price. It's a game changer and I'll definitely be keeping it by my bed for regular use. Can't wait to try the next toy this company has to offer! (side note: If you noticed that the toy is shaped similar to a prostate massager, you're absolutely right. It can be used on the male prostate just as effectively, making it one of the first pulsating prostate toys on the market. Cheers!
It is a good value pack, but one thing confused me is that I always got a little stomachache after drinking it, which did not always happen on my previous BSN creatine.
MY MOM LOVES THE SEAT- BOUGHT FOR MY DAD WHEN HE RIDES IN THE CAR, BUT SHE LOVES IT IN THE DRIVER SEAT. GIVES HER JUST AN ADDED HEIGHT SHE ENJOYS.
still use a walker - but this is great for short distances for me with some one to hold onto
My first bottle so it's a little early to tell but well tolerated and will update at later date.
So excited to use this enema, very to use. If you want more info to assemble just check the website. Easy to clean too.
Love! I used every other day because I have sensitive skin, and in about a week my feet looked amazing. This product worked for me. Very happy.
Not able to get the 10 billion pills no answer when they will get them
Product is fine. This seller took a bit of time to send. You pay for convenience.
They work as expected feel a little cheap but can't really complain
I just started taking this product, so not sure exactly how well it will work. But so far, aches and pains have been lower
Great for a pre-workout or pre-cardio. Definitely got my sweating! However, you could taste it for hours after, which was kind of gross
Effective and high quality. A bit awkward to light upside down. Bulky but acceptable.
These are okay, my son butchers his pretty quickly so for the price I don't mind. I do like the actual toothbrush system tho.
New scent not what we expected
Live this polish have used others and is a good but
My son loves these and he's 2.5, but I wish he could take the whole vitamin because breaking them in half makes a mess after a while.
The colors and style of this bathing suit is very cute, it definitely looks like it's more expensive than it was. It does run a little small though, mostly in the leg area. Also, there are thick weird-shaped pads in the bra cups that may need to be adjusted so they go where they should if you know what I mean. Overall I'm happy with this purchase.
Seems to have desired effect. Hard to verify against placebo by myself. Hopefully the better mood will continue.
Weirdest bra I have ever put on...no support for the girls but back feels better. Couldn't figure out how to put it on at first slightly reminded me of bondage...
Product for a great price. I've been using this for a long time and I love it
I love my heat wrap. A little bulky to put in the microwave. Heats well. Only wish it had a cover that I can wash.
Good price on the quantity you get. Perfect for writing quick notes and looks nice.
Good for the price, but they move around in shoe. Stick isnt that good.
Easy to assemble. The case is a little damaged
I liked the larger size these offer. I wanted these for first aid kit, to go in the car, and also for an upcoming cruise. Sometimes, you just need security of having something Clean and Sterile.... or, in the case of a minor cut or paper cut. With germs and super-bugs... these will give me a little more peace of mind, too. (thanks for reading).
Quite comfortable, but the foam tore within the first couple weeks, making it un-usable.
I have not experience any side effects and the pill format is a lot simpler than drinking ACV! I have been taking 2 pills twice a day with meals as directed. No major weight lost yet but no more bloating either.
Easy to use, arrived quickly and very neatly laid out in the pouch. Well worth the price and much as advertised.
I bought this milk thistle powder two weeks ago. Although it doesn't taste too good it seems to be working. I feel a bit more energy. I usually mix it with water but it is better in a smoothie or yoghurt.
Look, I'll get straight to the point, my baby is the worst. She cries, throws things, needs to be carried around like some Roman Queen, is literally hungry every couple of hours, and takes frequent and enormous poos. I am a millennial and so of course, I care for the environment as much as the next millennial (I only buy organic dolphin free beard wax, for example), and so the idea of disposable diapers was cringe-worthy at first...but, after trying recycled paper bags from Whole Foods, cheese cloths from my favorite artisanal cheese and gluten free olive oil store, and just letting my child roam outside and poo in the neighbors garden, I realized that disposable diapers were the modern equivalent of electricity. Sure, electricity isn't great for the environment, even clean energy takes some sort of toll on the environment, but there's no point pretending that electricity isn't better and completely worth it (environment be damned!). Same goes for disposable diapers. And so as for these diapers, well they work just fine. Just ask my baby...oh right, she can't talk because she's just an annoying baby and doesn't know anything. Her mom would know though, because she knows everything, so maybe ask her. Better yet, why not marry her and you'll get to see first hand if these diapers are worth it. Haha, just kidding. Not really, though :(
Item came as described and works well. Not sure about the science behind it but it is a very smooth hit. My only reason for holding out on five stars is because even the slim ones seem to be pretty wide. They may be the tiniest bit smaller than a regular factory rolled cigarette but not by much.
I love how this helps me maintain sleep. I've tried numerous sleep aids, from over the counter to prescription. Most leave me groggy and super tired the next day. I love that this doesn't have that effect.
It gives me a strong hold on to the ground. I always wear sandals at home, and this is more comfortable than the previous WalMart slippers
Blades were good. Came in generic packaging that took a cold chisel and an eight pound sledge to open.
My husband has tried many muscle cramp items for middle of the night cramps. This works amazing. I suggest you put it on at bedtime in your normal cramp areas. This does prevent for the most part awakening in the night from cramping. Biggest help drinking water especially when you've sweated alot. My only complaint is it does contain parabens which is why I gave it a 4 star. Parabens are a stabilizer being eliminated in most cosmetics for it's controversial side effects.
No instructions were included. Had to research it more. Please have a use booklet inside for NO EXTRA COST.
We love these pull ups! They are pretty absorbent. The training pants sides can be a little rough. They are bearable if you tightly fasten them. My son and I wish they only came in Cars characters though.
Hand towels were very handy and attractive in our guest bathroom.
Big energy boost! The taste is good not the best I've had but it's not a soda its a pre-workout. It hits hard when you take it in a shot 15 min and you're good to go.
This product seems fine enough but I got tired of how oily /dark they are, and trying to take thousands of mg per day was just a lot of big pills full of olive oil ( or whatever else is in there ). If you are into pills then this is probably a good product for you, but I eventually opted for lecithin powder and just threw away half the bottle of these pills. There was no bad or rancid smell, the product has a clean sunflower smell, so it is probably a high quality product. I just didn't feel compelled to continue consuming it.
Helpful for those with allergies,congestion ,& those prone to sinus infections. Much easier& more economical than neti pots. The kit is cheaper ,making one replace every 3 -4 mos about the time you run out of packets. PPl keep their netti pots too long. Use distilled water only,&heat the bottle with water in the microwave.It also disinfects bottle.
Have trouble setting up second person. But works great for weighing
My wife wears it on her surgically repaired knee. I am a trained surgical filler and agree it is a state of the art appliance, and reasonably priced.
Great cane!!! Only thing the handle is hard and plastic.
I cannot stand the taste and had to cut it in half in order to drink it. That being said, it does what it's supposed to do and helps with my am workout. Unfortunately the taste is going to keep me from purchasing again.
I've only been taking this for about 2 weeks now but it does seem to do what it says and works better then other products I've tried
Great protein but flavor was not the blueberry I was expecting.
I must wait to see how it is working. Thanks kf
Slow rising which is true. But a little too soft
My favorite thing about these trash bags is that they open so easily. Many brands, of smaller bags, at least, take so long to open. These are very user-friendly. I like that I can put several smaller bags of, blankets, for example, into one of these big bags. That makes them good space savers. Each large bag will also hold many small bags of cans and bottles that need to be recycled. So far, I'm not seeing any leaks or tears. They seem to do a good job. !!!!!!!!!!!!! Update: These bags do well for lighter weight things and things that aren't sharp...not good for holding pointed or sharp objects....those cut right through. These bags also degrade when left outside in the weather.
I waited over a month to give this review, and it was worth it. It is a good moisturizer, it doesn't leave a sticky feel to the body. I won't say it provides 24 hr moisture but that depends on your skin dryness. I have very dry skin, especially in the fall and winter period. In regards to my face, it didn't work on its own but after using my face oil and then applying this, it worked as a charm. To its defense, my face gets very dry, all year round lol. The smell is not bad, I find it pretty pleasant. The consistency is perfect, not too thick and not too light but it absorbs quickly once applied to skin so rub away! It's a nice size. If you don't need much cream on your skin, this will easily last you two months. Sadly mine is already coming to an end after a month and one week. Overall, I recommend this if you're battling dry skin, you won't be disappointed. I will be getting another one this week although, just found out it is actually cheaper at Target and Walmart to get this so...
It didn't put a lot of dust in the air and was easy to clean up. It was pretty effective in battling fleas.
It's great to be able to store earplugs in small cases!!
First day I am able to walk without pain . There is some discomfort, but at least 59% of the pain is gone. So happy!- .
This massager is so strong, I actually put a light blanket over it before I lay back on it. But that is a good problem to have. It really gives you a deep massage.
Great for pregnancy back pain when you need to keep moving or have things to do and can't just sit on the couch or lay in bed with a regular corded heating pad. I love that it has two heat settings and I can switch easily between the two and turn it off for a while and then turn it back on when I need it again. What I like least is the size. Even though I'm 32 weeks pregnant I'm still on the smaller side and the belt is quite large size wise and I have to really pull to make sure it's on tight enough around my back and hips so that it doesn't slide off. I'm sure if you're not pregnant you can have it a little higher on your stomach but I don't want to do that for safety reasons.
as i have said numerous times prior to this have not used the product long enough to make a judgement on this
As with most hearing aid batteries they're easy to carry around with you and are reliable. I was a little disappointed with the short battery life. On average, the batteries only last about a week. Typically I would expect them to last 10-14 days. It may be because I have Phonak hearing aids which take a little more energy than others to operate.
Ordered for my dad. He liked how they work but said they didn't come out quite as good as new blades.
I have kitchen chairs with a nice cloth seat that is supposed to be easy to clean as it is an indoor/outdoor material. Well, my kids did a real number on them. Someone at my husband's job told him this stuff would do the trick after I gave up on two other products. It certainly made a difference in the stains but it isn't perfect. I am going to do another application. The directions mentioned some sort of tool that did NOT come with the bottle. Just sayin'.
I love the taste of the cinnamon bun flavor of this protein powder. Alot of brands and flavors don't taste very well, but I'm pleased with this one.
They are great for ear protection.
great deal and work great
I have never done any anal before, but wanted to use these for double penetration as a plug, and also as a warm-up to anal sex. Overall I would say these are very nice plugs, and worth it especially if you use a discount code. Each silicone plug is tapered well and feels silky smooth. When worn for an extended period of time while walking, sitting, etc. it did not slip out. I was worried about it holding odors from reading other reviews, but in my experience, any residual odors disappear an hour or so after cleaning the plug. My only complaint is that part of the reason I bought this product is for double penetration. Unfortunately (possibly due to my anatomy) gets in the way of my vaginal opening when inserted in my butt, making sex uncomfortable for my partner. I won't knock a star down because I believe the product was intended more so as a warm-up tool, but just be aware that it's not good for DP.
Great value for money. Gets the job done
So, I just got this razor handle in the mail and I like it! It is a heaver product and the handle is rather smooth but it's well made. Worth the cost considering that I can no longer get a real Gillette Sensor Excel Razor. Beware of the other sensor excel knockoffs on this search.
Nise capacity. The straps slip down on the front bar but may be the shape of the walker front bar.
In some ways this is a miracle product for me. It takes a lot of patience to get it in place, and the white detachable pieces are flimsy. The size I preferred to use stopped attaching to the metal clip after several uses. You also have to stay perfectly still so that the tool doesn't slide off or detach while you are using it. You're getting what you pay for, ultimately. That said, after about a month's use it corrected my toenails for the first time in 10+ years. I'm grateful for the relief it's brought. This product will probably only be useful to people whose nails are curved but not curling under and on with nail beds on the thinner side. If one side of your toenail is more curved than the other, I would be hesitant to recommend this to you..
Easy to wear and adjust as the day goes on. I wish it came with a multiple choice of support bar tensions to suit the wearer. The velcro belt and straps grip well and unit is undetectable under a loose fitting shirt, sweater or hoodie. Price was right, packaging was secure, and shipping was fast.
It barely fits but I'm plus size. For reference where about a 46 band in bra. So it's difficult to get on and off but it is doable. I had to have help getting it off. I'm glad I got this cause I've been working on my posture already and rebuilding my muscles up after being in a car accident. I can only handle it for about 5 minutes at a time right now but with time hoping to work the time up. When you don't have it on it makes you aware of posture. I reccomend it.
I don't really like the garlic in this product, definitely makes ya burp after you take it and the after taste takes a little bit to go away so I usually drink a lot of water afterwards. Does the job, but I probably won't be buying again.
This brace is great. It's hard to put on and take off, but once you put it on you forget you have it on. It is extremely comfortable.
This does just what I wanted. It infuses deep heat all around my neck and shoulders. Very relaxing and is helping with my neck tension. I was surprised at how heavy it is - about 2 pounds as the specs say. That's OK - it actually helps it stay in place and keep the heat in. But it's not something you'll take with you to use elsewhere. It also takes a bit of time to get warm. they make a big point not to go over 90 seconds. But it does not get warm in 90 seconds. I need to go about 150 seconds.
Look it does its job super well. It heats up very quickly and it gets HOT. It's very sharp looking and I was worried about a heater made of metal eventually becoming untouchable but the sides do not get hot after about 4 hours of use. The front cage however does. But as long as you don't touch it you'll be fine. DO NOT use this in a child's room or somewhere where it could be touched or tipped over. It has no modern safety features so it will not turn off if you tip it and it will not turn off after long periods of time. Like I said ... inferno box of death.
I use these when I were flip flops. I would have given 5 stars if I had not had some a few years back that I liked better. Either they changed or I had ordered from different co. I may never know.
Love the way it smells. Just wish it would last longer.
Very nice brace. About as confortable as a knee brace can be, very reasonable price and well made. My only negative is poor patella compression. it says adjustable patella compression, but there is no explanation as to how that works, and regardless of how tight the straps, the patella has light compression.
Light weight blocks out well
my wife says they work as expected
It does seem to help with hunger and sugar cravings which I have at night. It does not make me shaky like other diet pills. No side effects
It won't really help until you've done it a few times
Holds hair fairly well but is workable.
These are easy to use, but there's not much scent to them and they break very easily when you're trying to get them out of the packaging. Also, about 1-2 in each package was broken when they arrived.
Arrived exactly as promised, eye mask is comfy and tight and blocks out the light, so A+ on that. The cold mask, put it in the fridge. If you put it in the freezer, it'll freeze solid and not adhere to your face. If you want a cheap eye mask, this is the way to go.
Works well.. Recommend for everyone
This pill box works fine, not a whole lot of space if you have multiple pills but it gets the job done. Beware that the color you see may not be what you receive. Purchased thinking I was receiving a purple pill box and when it arrived it was green.
You gat a lot of product for the price, I was battling plantar fasciitis, so between this and purchasing new shoes I finally found relief!
This product would work really well for women's uncomfortable shoes.
I used this band to run while I was pregnant. It's great quality and held everything in. Just be sure not to wear it too tight.
It severed it purpose and I could put it in my purse and not really have to worry about everything falling out.
Using it initially for a tick repellent, but I will be looking up how to use it for pain relief since I see that as a rating as well. Scent is very pleasant. Sprayed it on the cuff of my jeans while walking in the woods. Seems to be working well so far.
It didn't work for me, but the company refunded my purchase so that was great! I'm glad I tried it.
it works for me, but been taking this for 8 months now and its not improving my diet any longer.
Very durable and non-scratch. Great for non-stick pans and delicate surfaces.
I give one to each of my three children everyday. Their stomachs are able to handle these gummies and they all love the taste!
Not jumping out of bed or the like but not falling asleep at work either. Only been taking it a few weeks but there is a slight difference in attention and alertness.
I did not receive this item. No pick up in for mission was ever supplied to men
I have read claims that holy basil tea can help with anxiety. This is the second box I have purchased. I usually use one bag of holy basil tea with another type of herbal tea. As the taste of the holy basil tea is a little strong for me on its own. I believe it helps with my anxiety. I brew a cup any time I feel my anxiety coming on.
So far, so good. I know this is an excellent product which is why I purchased it. Probiotics are one of the most important supplements to take.
Did not come with the ear probe.
This device unfortunately did not work for me. I believe it is because I like to sleep on my back. When I slept on my side it worked better. However, I am more than amazed by the company and will definitely purchase from them in the future. I let them know that it didn't work for me and my money was refunded the next day. Really impressive that they stand behind their products so well!
I have a wider face, so this was perfect. It's stylish. I was afraid at first that the lenses would be VERY yellow, and it is, but once worn, for me, it just blended to my skin. I can't say if it's SUPER effective, but it does help lessen the brightness and headaches that I had. Doesn't eliminate it completely, but it does help some. Overall, I do recommend because it's very affordable, stylish and does it's job pretty well.
My anxiety is almost crippling, so this didn't help the way I personally needed it to.. but I got a full refund instantly as well as checked on by the company! They were kind and knowledgeable. Also, the flavor alone would make a great candy! I loved just eating them haha!
Live in a very dry climate with the average precipitation at 24%. Been using this with and without the Vicks strips and both work excellent so far after 2 weeks of nightly usage. Sit right on my nightstand and goes through about 3/4 of the storage water each night. Very nice and small as my wife has sever asthma issues so I was worried about putting too much moisture in the air, she hast had any negative effects.
Expected stronger vibration else it's fine. Using for less than week, no complains as of now.
I needed a small seat to sit on when I do my hair and do my makeup. I can just tuck this chair in the corner and it is out of the way. It is exactly what I needed. I don't know if we put it together correctly or not. The top swiveling part is very loose but it doesn't stop the performance of the chair. I do like the small size.
It's too early to make a definitive judgment on this product However Bob first impression is in meets expectations.
My mother likes the color mode and the part where it hooks up to the TV. Also works well reading items at the store when she is shopping. The manual is a little hard to read and understand and the battery life I wish was a little longer. The most important thing is that my mother likes it.
I love that Amazon asks what I used this product for. Silly question, eh? This beast is wonderful. I prefer some heft to my vibes, and this thing delivers. It has a decent amount of power, could be better, but sure does the job. Even though the bullet is at the "head" end, it vibrates mostly mid-shaft or near the other end. Even so, it is a good vibe and gave me a great "massage." No weird odors or feel to it. I use condoms on my toys, for safety and hygiene, but didn't find any rough spots or seams as other reviews mentioned. I just got this, so can't speak to how long it lasts. But, for the price, it's worth it. I'm a "satisfied" customer.
The product works very well, I'm pleased. Small and compact easy to use. Only negative thing is the small print on the instructions.
Awesome system. Only issue is that the fan will get a little noisy after some use. Recommend!
Great tape. Use to wrap wrists and ankle for weight training. Easy to tear and good support. Only complaint about product is that the roll becomes tight toward the end. Makes it hard to wrap.
good ... but stronger taste than expected ... using .. might look for capsules nex time
Works well if you don't overfill! If filled up to the max line (or more than half full) the water hits the diffusing hole and it doesn't work. Good settings and nice color.
Poor accuracy, but customer service was great to work with, they reached out willing to send a replacement. Great company!
These smell nice. Affordable. get the job done. My only complaint is they tend to stick a bit coming out the box rather than flowing out effortlessly like other brands.
I was not completely happy with this product, mostly because of the smell! It does work for scaly scalp but it also leaves your hair oily!
I love the box but the clasp came off in a week.
Great smell, better hold than most.
Ok not quite as described
Seems to be a good product.
Great replacement for the bottle that came with my nebulizer that broke too easily
As difficult as it is to have to accept that we are at this point, these have been one of the best safety devices we have had to use. The back mesh allows breathability, while the vinyl palms provide enough rigidity to protect the wearer from harming themselves. While the seller is at no fault for the design, a padded cuff would be much appreciated. Both were received promptly and undamaged.
Good but small for price
Works same as name brand.
A little on the short side, I wish it was a bit taller.
I have been using Sonicare since I first saw them advertised many years ago; I got my whole family hooked on them and my recent order makes 3 of the cordless/battery powered units that I have bought. I would definitely recommend them My first battery powered unit is still as good as new and I have only changed batteries once since I purchased it about 5 years ago...great for those who travel a lot.
too big to handle with one hand. LOVE the size of the dial!!!!!
The best I've bought thus far.
Received these bags and they're just the right size I needed.
I like it but the ice pack melts too fast,
the product is fine and Amazon replaced the entire box. Peppermint had opened and leaked on the others. Replacement box arrived just fine and is being enjoyed.
So far, this posture brace is working great! The only thing I have experienced is that I am quite small, and it has been difficult to adjust the straps, because they are quite long, and wrap fully around to the back. Other than that, I have gotten used to it.
haven,t us it much as I hope medical reasons.
Look okay smells weird my but my daughter is very picky & she ate it so not bad.
I just wish they lower the price for this, other than that I recommend if you're diabetic or on keto diet.
So far I've used the lavender in my bedroom (I spray it on my sheets before I go to bed) and the orange one in the kitchen to try and freshen the air. The scents are nice - for being on the mild side they do last longer than I thought they would. I don't know if they would work as an odor eliminator but I do like them a lot.
I really like the soap and it smells wonderful! I would caution about buying other items with this soap, of the 3 bottles one spilled half its contents on the rest of my order and another spilled out some too.
It has a slightly fishy taste (gross to me) which is hard to hide in foods but with the health benefits it's worth it.
I use this product to clean my glass cooktop. It works very well. I have not tried any other products as this was recommended by my stove manufacturer.
They work. Leaves an after taste in your mouth but really helps calm nerves, tension
Lovely silhouette. I use with diffuser oils and the oils have peeled off the black paint in the bowl. In all fairness, this item is for candle melts, so the peeling is through my using it with oils.
I love these! Hair does grow a little faster and nails as well. Been taking these for a few years now.
comfortable except I wear them inside out so the seams don't dig into fingers, helps keep hands warm and seems to help with arthritis
My husband uses this beard balm and enjoys the smell. He does seem to have a softer beard, but has mentioned that the balm does not have as much 'hold' s other balms he has used. However, while this is not a deal breaker, he does wish it would his beard for a better length of time. FYI - his bear is about 4 inches long at the time of this post.
I'm taking at suggestion of more than one family member and based on Tumeric endorsements by others as well.
Will update once I have used them for a while.
It doesn't really taste chalky at all but does kind of clump up if you don't blend it with enough liquid or for long enough. I don't really love the chocolate cinnamon flavor, it would be better just chocolate. It tastes pretty earthy
So far so good. Ive been using the butt enhancement cream for about two weeks and I like how I look in my jeans. It looks fuller on the hips and butt.
I am still using need more time to give a full update
Great price and it gives me motivation to clean up the house, motivation and energy those are the key words, Mikey likes it.
Seems to be a good product - the taste is ok, a little strong but better when you mix with juice or something. Can't tell if it's working yet though.
Seems to be helping to lose weight
I get a burp taste sometimes. Not often. I do wish they would label the product bottle as "burpless". My bottle did not have burpless listed and that disappointed me, especially since I do get a fish taste burp sometimes.
Sometimes takes an effort to get the caps off because they can bind until you start using them. Other than that they are a great value
My son likes this at the barracks n I live it at home with the animals. Works great.
Tastes really good and gives a good kick. Just wish there were more ingredients to help with endurance during the workout. I like the fact it uses natural caffeine, hard to find those nowadays. Kind of pricey too
The taste is no to die for yet it does the job, I had knee pain, with collagen it works for.
This was is easy to take. No after taste. Meets my needs
After contacting the company, they were very accommodating with my problem of damaged goods and made good immediately on my refund. Problem was that they had asked for photos of the damage on their first email response which I did not see. Seems like a very responsible company to so business with.
I bought this for a specific sweater that I love and as a lot of those pills that attach to the fabric. I'm giving this a 4 star because I used it on another sweater which I really love and had a little tiny bit of that lint and when I used this on that black sweater I think it made it worse and it pretty much ruined the area I did. It now looks like I snagged my sweater on velcro. I have pictures which I will upload later.
Abena is good but Oz Medical did not ship discreetly
These are SMALL. I have another set and the big one in this set is smaller than the small one in the other set. That being said, these would be good sizes for teenagers to figure out how to use them. I'm not sure they have a large enough capacity for me since I've had 3 kids, but haven't tried them yet.
A must have supplement for weight loss.
I am greatly impressed with the fact these are processed in a facility with only tree nuts. Aside from that, the taste is very good and the volume is a great value for the price. My only criticism would be the initial bag seal on one of the bags I ordered. It wasn't sealed, and that is upsetting. The other bag was sealed, so I can assume it is likely a manufacturing issue. In the future please ensure these bags are sealed!!
I believe this has greatly reduced my incidence of purple bruising. I select this brand for its being vegan and reasonably priced.
After taking these for a month, I can honestly say that my digestive system is back on track. I feel so much better and even though I don't weigh myself I can say that my clothes feel more comfortable!
As described, short life span and seemed smaller when used.
These were a little bigger than expected. Not sure how they will fit in our rice cooker.
Love this product I but this all the time. Found out the squeeze bottle is not the way to go. Should make them all pump bottles.
They are all they said they were...Perfect.
I'm giving this 4 stars because this really is an amazing preworkout. It's probably one of the best ones that I've tried in terms of focus, energy, and pumps, but this is the first preworkout that keeps me awake for most of the night. I don't even take it that late, but I think using it in the morning would be better using this product if it's possible.
I used this on my thumb and had problems with it sliding off. I'm sure it would do better on another finger. It did stabilize my thumb and help it heal.
I had foot surgery and the doctor hade on the full version of this boot in a XL It was too big and too heavy so I ordered this shorter version at a much cheaper price. It works just like the larger boot. I am a womans 9 1/2 wide shoe and the medium works for me.
I am happy with most of the scents.
These pads are good when you need to last a little bit longer Will buy again
Works well, I use them for my low back and help quite a bit I hate they don't last longer than 12 hous. They are expensive for the number of patches you get.
I am taking 2 capsules every other day and every day when I go on my 12 hours night shift work. It gives me energy to survive the night. I am still awaiting to the full effects since it's just been 2 weeks since I started taking the capsules.
Tastes like crap (waxy), but it got rid of the muscle twitches and stuff from not having enough potassium on the keto diet. It's straight up potassium, and sugar is a big no-no on keto, so I'm not sure exactly what, if anything, they can do about the taste.
A lot better cost than my insurance at a pharmacy
My problem with sleep aids is that I seem to wake up so groggy that it takes me a while to get myself together enough to get my day started!! Although it did take a little longer than I would have liked to get to sleep, when I did I stayed and did not wake up groggy!! That I loved!! I woke up refreshed and that alone made this worth the money to me!
Great novelty product for a reggae show. But it doesn't smoke all that great, probably should have seen that coming. Lots of good YouTube videos on how to roll
I like that this moisturizer works immediately and that its effects last. The flavor is refreshing. I keep a bottle in my purse and another on my nightstand.
I haven't found a lot of difference in this product from others I have tried, the price is somewhat higher than I have experienced with like products.
I see a change. Had to lower dosage due to more bathroom visits. Maybe start lower and increase slowly.
This EMS unit arrived quickly because of my Amazon Prime. I ordered this for my husband because he read about EMS units in a Men's Health Magazine and thought this would be a good supplemental way to build muscle. Do not confuse this with a TENS unit which is a different machine with a different purpose all together. As soon as we ordered it, my husband was excited to try it out and when it arrived, that's exactly what we did. The directions are a little vague but we tested it out and tried different settings. My husband said it worked well but only time will tell if it will really build the muscle in his abs.
I am ordering another one, I like everything except the jar... It's hard to scoop until it gets half empty. I am really enjoying it everyday with my coffee.
WIFE WAS HAVING PROBLEM WITH SLEEPING.....AND NOW MUCH EASIER
I use it every day, hold my laptop and other heavy items. However, is kind of difficult to maneuver when trying to lower or raising the table.
Good price. They're what you expect. They're easier to clean after using them then others. They clean with your help. That's what's important.
Quick tasty source of protein
Not sure why rolls are squashed down
My son is on her protein kick so I ordered these to go with his lunches. He did like them but I think a variety pack would be better because he got a little tired of them after the fourth or fifth bar. The price is better than at the grocery so I can recommend.
Much cheaper to buy online that in a smoke shop. But flint/igniter tends to not work after awhile on these types of butane lighters. I really like the big, see-thru fuel chamber.
This is a non-water soluble paste. I've tried many and none kept my very poor fitting dentures in. THIS stuff not only keeps poor fitting dentures in but keeps them in for 24 hrs and I can EAT most foods! I don't recommend having poor fitting dentures but after many tries I give up getting good ones. What I found with this brand is to put it on sparingly but put it on the whole area that fits your mouth. I use a tiny spatula, well it really is the flat side of a plastic orange peeler :) It has to be on dry dentures, I just blot mine off if there is any moisture still on them. I also use a paper towel and dry off my gums where the dentures touch. I hold them in tight and don't eat or drink for half an hour. Good to go. If for what ever reason I had too much and feel leakage in the back I just use a tissue and wipe it off. I also found that if I leave them in overnight (24 hrs) its much easier to clean off the dentures and my mouth. If I take them out at night, before bed, it is really still very sticky and very hard to get it off the dentures and especially my gums. Life saver, really!
So, I'll start my review by stating that I own several sizes by this manufacturer. I decided to try out reusable pads because I hate regular pads and I figured these would better for the environment. I chose this brand based on other reviews and the black cover, because, well, I thought it would hide the blood easier. They work perfectly at the absorption aspect. They feel soft and breathable. Regular pads often make me itchy. They are easy to clean. I soaked them in cold water and hydrogen peroxide the first time. The next time, I just threw them in the washing machine with oxiclean and regular detergent. I dry them hanging like I do my bras and underwear. The one criticism that I have is that they don't adhere as well as a regular pad, especially the overnight one. I solved this problem by using strips of double sided fabric tape to adhere to my underwear. It works perfectly. I would say give them a try. I was very pleasantly surprised.
I've used this product for a few months and I'm not sure if my house is just way too dry or if I'm not using enough, but it seems harder to get moisturized skin than with other products I've used. I usually use cetaphil but I've been trying to go a more natural route and this hit all the criteria for lotion. It has a light natural planty smell and sort of has the feel of aloe going on, almost slimy- but not bad! Just a little different than regular lotion. But, my legs became much dryer than they had been while I used cetaphil. So, maybe this is just not the right mix of ingredients for my skin. But still not a bad product! Just not for me.
Lightens up pressure on my heel. But the surrounding sides of the heel cup don't fit great in my sneaker so I have to move it around a bit. Maybe a slightly smaller cup would work. Only choice I saw was medium regular. I wear a Brooks ladies 8 1/2 sneaker.
For me they work for my son. Easy to use and not bad for the price. I usually end up using one or two for wiping. They also come in handy for his hands and face.
To start off I like the product but the Amazon supplier I got it from must but out of date inventory because the one I got from them was expired when I received them. I guess that's how they give a good price
Great modern shape. The rubber hose that comes with it smells of chemicals. We used a different hose off an older hookah we had. Great shape! Won't tip over easily.
Caused me to break out a bit whenever I would take this. Great product though
Really good flavor. Not overly sweet like other brands. Although I don't feel any difference after drinking this. And way too expensive!
The slide clamping portion is a bit odd of a design and doesn't fit well with all handgun types. However this little thing has saved me more times than I can count when sights decide to be stubborn.
Works great! Only complaint would be its a little too wide for the nose piece of my glasses so I have to try and angle it to get it all the way into place
Liked the herbal taste. It did turn my white bristled toothpaste gray. Not sure I saw any whitening, but I liked using this product.
These masks are effective and a great choice for the price point. I've repurchased these several times.
Easy to use, but it need to improve the materials.
This olive leaf extract helps with lowering blood pressure and cholesterol naturally. Supposed to help fight off viruses and sickness. But I still ended up sick taking this everyday. It has helped my blood pressure.
Great flavor. Seems to help reduce the amount of time for muscle soreness.
Good appetite suppression and energy throughout the day
Update: Although I still really like the massager I had to come back and knock one star off of the rating, here's why- if you use the massager in a chair with arms and shift around it is very easy to turn the unit off because of the button location, or unplug the connector all together, this has happened to me nearly every time I use it. I'm a firefighter and while at work on Christmas Eve I tweaked my back, not wanting to go home and mess up someone's Christmas plans with their family I stuck it out in a lot of discomfort. That is until a coworker happened to have received one of these as a gift the day before and had it with him and he let me borrow it. This thing really works! I used it for about 15 minutes and the kneading nubs really give you a deep massage, to the point it left me with a little tenderness afterwards! What a difference I felt in my back, I was able to stand up straight and felt much better! I highly recommend one of these if you have any type of back pain!
better than nothing but not like shampoo and water.
These are very soft and comfortable. They helped my mask fit better on my face. Would buy again.
Accurate description,fast shipping! Product seems to be making a difference with my foot problems.
The tools work great, especially for my 5 year old but the case doesn't stay closed well so they spill out easily
A little on the lighter side of what Irish Spring really smells like, but still a fresh, clean, unisex fragrance reminiscent of the famous soap brand.
Needed to reach objects due to recent surgery
Arrived on time and safely packaged. This seems to work as I'd hoped. But will have to take for a while.
Do your research for the right battery number and then place the order for the exact one. I followed this rule. Ordered and got the same one. It fit well as expected.
Deadens some noise, but doesn't block it, but I think I no plugs have ever worked great. More comfortable than the expanding foam type. Nicely made container for travel.
Good flavor with good start to the workout
Nice quality and very absorbent. Wish I would have ordered a bigger size!
Not much to tell here
This toy is great for vibration but you'll have to work those muscles to keep it in place. Enjoy!
These are really in a separate category when it comes to nutritional bars. Great quality, just wished they tasted better.
I initially followed the instructions on the bottle to take 2 capsules every 2 hours for a boost in my milk supply. I was able to pump an additional bottle's worth of milk the next day. I have continued take 2 capsules every few hours, but I'm hoping I can start taking them less frequently and keep the supply up. We'll see. Side note: these capsules taste awful the moment they hit my tongue, but most of these milk-boosting supplements are awful tasting. Just make sure you take them with a flavored drink or eat something right after to change the taste in your mouth.
You can make this on your own from homedepot for a quarter the price
Works well but comes off at night. Stickers are pretty thick. If they were thinner they would affix to the skin better & stay on. Other than that they do work on blemishes. I see sn overnight difference.
So far, so good. Just got them yesterday so cant say anything about the results yet but ill provide an update. Pills are HUGE thou!
It is an effective probiotic. Use it daily.
Wished the pouches were bigger, but good product. Hoping for last quit once and for all!
I love the lotion but the pump is useless -- I never could get it to work -- very disappointing.
Works perfectly. The only reason it's 4 stars is because the little black rubber topper thing just falls right off. I have super glued and fixed it. Other than that it's a charm.
So I ordered to use as a compression sleeve to help with strained ligaments...it's my fault that I overlooked the fact these are padded for plantar fasciitis. The padding gave me a smidge of foot pain but I'm a weak shrimp in my joints so any change causes pain. This is what it is advertised to be but if you have sensitive joints it may cause some discomfort.
Good product one best I've tried ,
My ONLY complaint is the Velcro's is so strong and somewhat painful to remove as it jars my sprained ankle while loosening it.
i love the taste, but yes, these are fairly big pastilles, i cut (bite) them in half - you never want to take too much pure licorice. so they last a fairly long time. they're expensive - amazingly cheap in Italy, but its a long way to go for a tin of licorice. they don't have all the sugar/wheat and other junk that american licorice candy is loaded with. great for digestive issues! buy a few to save on shipping
Works pretty well and is worth the money. On the downside, the battery compartment was designed by someone with a sadistic sense of humor.
Nice container but I think I paid a couple of dollars more than Walmart is selling this for.
Great comfort and value for the money
I recently gave birth and told myself I wouldn't use any Johnson and Johnson products. My cousin suggested I use this. The first time I ordered the bottle came full and the second time I ordered the bottle came half empty. I'm disappointed because I have no choice but to keep ordering since it's the only baby powder I'll use. I just placed another order and hoping it was just that one bottle that was half empty. I will come back and change my response if the bottles I ordered are half empty again.
Nice stand. A bit wobbly due to the thickness of the felt like surface on the bottom, but well made and structurally sound.
Product is great, it is what it is... But my boxes can crushed. This product should be shipped in a box, not a bag. Just FYI!!!
It was very easy to put on and is much more comfortable than actual pad on the knee scooter. My only complaint is the it seems to want to tilt toward the right and I have rearranged the elastic straps tightened the drawstring as much as possible. My knee has slid oof twice so I am just extra careful as I use it.
Im happy it was delivered extremely fast and the product is as described, however i haven't tested it yet
Versatile, rechargeable and no flame
I work in a fast paced environment as a casino staff. I needed something to keep me focused and energized all day. I took 2 Capsules along with my collagen coffee latte , and I have energy all day!
Loofah cuts easily after soaking for 5 minutes in warm water. Slices of loofah fit nicely in mold. Mold seems quite sturdy and soaps remove easily.
Love it so much- however I've only had it for 6 months & the suction part is broken :(
I like it, it works and controls the odor, keeps the boys feeling fresh. The only issue would be that it's a small tube for the price.
Too soon to soak in results, but taking these with meals leaves me feeling fuller and that's a good sign. Package came as described, undamaged with the seal intact. The capsules are target large so don't dry swallow.
rollers get stuck and slide more than roll. not what i was expecting but Great customer service- would buy from elite sportz equipment again
I was hesitant to buy off brand (not Phillips product). But these work well with my toothbrush. There is a slight gap between the replacement brush and the body of the toothbrush but it doesn't affect the performance. I do not even notice a difference. I will be reordering - they work great for a lot less!!
Received on time. Good fit,
So far so good. Works well, have seen improvement over 2 weeks now
It's very easy to put on and is comfortable to wear. I just wish I could pull it a little tighter in order to possibly speed up the process.
This stuff tastes horrible, but I offset the flavor with cinnamon and have added it to my morning routine.
Can't see the back of my head when looking at the mirror to shave my head. I think it's broke.
This work great for my boots. A little hard to get them to stick. Don't see them being easily exchanged from one shoe to another. But definitely help with supporting my high arch
I agree, as someone wrote they are smaller and seem thinner than regular kleenex from the box. But I love them for the size of the container. I keep them in my 5th wheel in a couple different spots and a couple places in my home where I don't want them to be a focal point or I don't have room for a larger box. When it comes to tough colds I have a full size box in our bedroom or wherever. So I buy both sizes but can't find them at any local stores anymore so have to order them online.
What a hugh bottle! My husband used to work night shift for year and when he had to switch to days, he had problem with adjusting sleeping time. He tried several products and this one seems to help. And it last forever! Lol
I take three of these in the morning with breakfast and three with lunch and it keeps me chugging along all morning and afternoon, but without the crash like caffeine. Its a bit mild at times, but still more useful than being way up and then way down like caffeine.
Granddaughter says tool is working fine
I cancelled my subscription because my order was shipped too often-the dose is two a day and once a day for the optimizer. I currently have a three month supply. My attempts to change the delivery schedule apparently could not be changed.
That it was light weight.
Very nice product fast shipping. Thanks
Honestly, I don't know if they work but it couldn't hurt. These vitamins are for your eyes.
I think it's a great product for under $40. It's not very large but isn't too small. It feels really nice the best part is the cleaning is very easy to do.
I have ADHD-I. I wouldn't say this product is on par with prescription stimulants for focus, but it's pretty much the ONLY thing that can keep me awake all day, which is HUGE. The effects started to fade about 5-6 weeks in, so I'll try taking it more than once a day.
These one a days are good so far. I can tell a difference in my energy and memory already!
Elite product seem to work pretty good. Lost several pounds and I am interested in trying Elite cut too.
Hi Guys, Lysol Products are good. The only thing that wasn't good was the delivery / shipping. Cracked the cover but the spray still works. :) Above all, happy with my order. Def. recommend to others. It smells way better than the Original Scent. Sabrina from New York
Not very sturdy, trim pc broke pretty early
I have only used it once, but it worked fine.
This product works well. Best to take on an empty stomach for better and quicker absorption. I definitely feel more focused with clearer thought processing when taking 2 Capsuls in the morning with a large glass of water.
It's alright?, not comfortable though.
A good supplement for young babies.
This is a great way to take this product. Chewable is always nice, especially when the pill is this big. My only complaint is that it is so sour it makes your jaw ache.
This has offered me a ton of support while at work, particularly towards the end of the day when I started to get that heavy "omg she feels like she's going to drop right out of me" feeling. It definitely aids in getting rid of a good portion of the pressure on my lower abdomen. It's also very easy to get on and off, though I usually have to ask a friend to help put it on so it's tight enough. Definitely worth the price to feel some relief.
Its good tape but tears at my skin as I have to use it every day.
My shoulders have been hurting alot lately, i have tried it one and no complaints yet. I would have to continue using it in order to see if there are any changes. So far, it is a good device to use. To get the full affect of a back massage, someone needs to do it for you.
I use this silicone sheet for my 9-month c-section scar. It sticks well on skin, and also very easy to peel off. It feels comfortable like nothing. I have been using it for one month. The scar looks a little lighter but still can be seen obviously. Overall it is a good product. The only suggestion is I would prefer the sheet size can be a little long to cover the c-section scar fully.
Seems accurate, though I have not cross-checked it. Bought this because a doctor's office I went to used one, and it was much closer to reality than most of the automated ones. The majority of them, in my experience, read high, but this one appears to be pretty much on the money. Good price, simple and easy to use. Comes with a not bad travel case.
Inexpensive way to try different eyeglass/sunglasses holders.
Long lasting for at least six hours on one fill
I really enjoy using this contact case. The lady bugs screw on and off easily. The only thing I would change would be the depth of the viles. If you are trying to preserve solution, filling them half way does the trick, 3/4 full is a solution waster.
Great price and value.
Low speed makes no bubbles at all. Works well on medium. On High pad will not stay attached to bathtub.
These worked out nicely since we thought of personalizing the water bottles at my in-law 50th wedding anniversary a little late and didn't have time to order with their names. I would have given it 5 stars, but I found the label paper to be too thin and it bubbled quite a bit when applying the labels to the water bottles.
For this thermometer to work properly, it has to held to the forehead or ear before activating the button. You should hear a ticking sound. Release the button after a couple of seconds before moving it from your body. The manual states an alarm will sound when the test is complete. WRONG!
Works great! Girlfriend says the cuffs are comfy. Only con is that the set is slightly too small for king sized mattress. Did the spread eagle position and it was stretching her a lil too much...she's 5'7".
I LOVE the product. The balls are sturdy and high quality, and I anticipate will last a long time. I purchased them for the triplet variety, but also for the bag. Unfortunately, right out of the plastic the carrying bag was unraveling at the drawstring and has already completely come out and unraveled before my first use. It's clear that the seams were not built very strong, and the material of the bag is not as high as the quality of what goes inside. It's pretty disappointing since the bag fits them perfectly-- I was hoping to be able to keep them all secure and together when not in use!
Having recently experience arthritis of the hands, I have tried both Hemp Cream for Pain Relief and a frequently prescribed topical NSAID. I find that the Hemp Cream provides more relief from my arthritis symptoms than does the topical application. I would purchase the Hemp Cream again.
This product seems to be helping, but honestly I don't know. I used this product in combination with a few other supplements blended for joint pain and inflammation.
Soft, tough, fun. But no real noticable difference between this "bdsm" rope and stuff you can get elsewhere.
Very good quality tissue. On the top scale of toilet paper.
It works as advertised. It is accurate and readings compare with other pulse device readings I have used.
It is very comfortable and able to relieve pain while working out.
The smell is a bit strong. Not sure about whether they are working however I haven't gotten a cold. Will continue them hoping that it prevents any possible future colds.
Good product, but I cannot stand the texture of the ginger.
Strong stimulation. Adhesive keeps tight connection. Will keep using to get results!
Dollar Tree has them for a dollar
Use it for long drives/camping, cheap and does the job.
I received replacement cushion and very pleased with it softness. Thank you very much.
Exactly what I wanted
My daughter loves these for the newborn but so expensive!
took 2 of these and stay up 40 hours, but very jittery
Packaged well, not leaking or damaged. Smelling good. Will order again.
Used this for my chronic hip pain. Helped a little after a couple days.
taste alone is just ok, add it to shakes.
Wish the scent lasted longer but overall great product!
I've been taking it since I got it. I bought it because my doctor recommended it. The price was great and it arrived on time, but I haven't noticed any differences. After taking it for a month or so I will update my review. Edit: I still haven't noticed any differences. Hopefully I will eventually.
No flavor which is a good thing.
It has only been a week, therefore, I will be limited with comments. It has a very good taste, easy to take, no aftertaste, easy on the stomach. The label on the bottle list the ingredients, but not the quantity of the ingredients. It would be very helpful for the customer to know the quantity amount of each mineral, etc.
Good price. Pumps out fast and takes a few time to get used to it.
Great product and i will purchase again!
I like this product because it has a good moisturizing, smoothing effect.
Bought this to help my mother recover from hip surgery.
Always a great deal and the product meet my needs.
Been using this product for the past week or so. Only issue is it gets kind of warm but it also got me back in the bedroom. Not a bad exchange. 👍🏾
Nice product once you get the hang of it. I get bad sinus headaches! This puts a stop to them early! Well worth the money
I love this deodorant!! I have tried others that didn't last long and I would still feel sweaty. This aluminium free deodorant by far works better than any other I've tried.
Smaller than I pictured but nicely made
I bought this for my mom to help her take all her medications on time. There are 3 buttons to use in setting up this unit and it's not so intuitive to use. You must read and follow the manual carefully to program it. I hope I don't loose the manual! Anyway, once it's setup, it works great and my mom has no problem getting her pills out of it on time (2 large capsules and 5 small tablets). Battery lasts a long time! it's still on the provided battery after over 9 months now.
My feet used to ming something terrible, now they ming a bit less... Thanks Odor-Eaters!
Helps keep me regular on times where you enjoy too much meat in your diet. And on days I am not getting enough veggies, I take the super colon cleanse.
I bought these for my mother. She liked them but said she got tired of the same flavor day after day. Wish they came in a variety pack.
It's pretty and fits my walked perfect. I won't be using it until after surgery so I don't know how strong and durable it is.
This has good flavor and was not hard to swallow. I hope to continue using this product to see results The dropper stopped working, but that was not a big issue. Ok
It done the job just like the expensive brand. Recommend
These are good quality oils Very fragrant
It is good but during sleep they will slide and not hold the position of the foot as intended.
Pregnant daughter liked
This belt was suggested by my physical therapist. It was relatively inexpensive, well made, and easy to use. Seems to be well made.
not sure if that was a good investment. it works, but the results are not as expected
Great for closeups. I put my makeup on better.
My favorite vitamins. Good product.
Great, effective herbal remedy for a sensitive urinary bladder.
Product looks amaizing and excited to add this to my daily supplement intake.
Priced very well. I trust NOW products.
Arrived on time and in one piece.
I am happy I purchased this product. I love these straws. They even come with a tiny telescoping cleaning brush that fits inside each straw. These stay extended like they are supposed to and work great.This doesn't take up anymore room than a tube of lipgloss and would fit in your pocket too.
Just as expected, arrived timely
I have tears in both rotator cuffs and have a lot of pain. I thought this was just another gimmick but am willing to try practically anything for some relief. It came in the mail super fast. I took it out of the package and my first thought was "What a pleasant smell". No plastic. Not overpowering. Just a waft of lavender. It is super soft and the feel is excellent. I tried it straight out of the box - no heating, no cooling. Oh. My. God. Just the warmth of the material, the scent & the weight were enough to give me some relief. I can't wait to try it heated up if it feels this good right now. I will definitely be ordering several more for family members for gifts!
This unit works very well. It has all the bells and whistles, yet is compact and easy to understand. I can recommend it.
I love that these bottles were just the right size to travel with. This is my new daily cleaner. I'm not sure if it is possible but my glasses seem to stay cleaner longer. Easy to use and works very well. I think this is a great value for the money as well
omg is what you will say when you see this ,it very filling.I didn't think i could take this but with lube it went in,had to start slowly and enter only a inch at a time but after a few min wow.Would highly recommend. for beginners though.
We use this product regularly
This product is really great!!!
Great Product. The dual sided vibrations are perfect. Its great because its waterproof and easy to clean. And my wife loves the color
Works good, stands up to my wife's weight when she is using it. Easy install, just get a diamond tip if you are installing in tile and I used a heavier gauge drywall plug. Ones that came with it are probably fine, just chose not to use them. Good product
I bought one like this for my stepdaughter. She liked it so much as it helped her with her back pain I decided to get one for myself. I am very impressed with this. I am walking tall and not slouching. My back feels good. Thank you for such a great product.
This is well designed. I can exercise with no trouble while wearing it. It does help to relieve my knee pain.
Did have artificial flavors
The flavor does not disappoint. Full of chocolate. Mixed perfectly with my coffee...no clumps...and gave me the extra boost I needed with energy and suppressing my appetite. Will be purchasing again!
Affordable product works great
Love these, I have been using them every night and I can't tell you how relieved my mussels feel after the fact. A lil bit of bruising on my legs, but it's winter here and nothing a pair of dark tides can't hide. Love them. I also used them on my husband's back and he loved it.
Great Product! These gave me a lot more energy and made me feel great! Will buy again.
Awesome tray. Loved loved it!!
Great quality. Wonderful product. Fast shipping.
Smells amazing and is great for your skin
No complaints with this one! - Amazing price for a reliable name brand. - Mama's happy with it, so life is good!
Very happy with these. But them.
It is incredible, just lifts you up, gives you a sense of joy and happiness ! Also more energy and focus ! I love it !
Good taste...works great for colds and flu...people sick all season here in Alabama...stomach virus and flu...not me...one a day does the trick!
Very strong only need 1 or 2 drops.
Got these for a bargain deal and am very happy with the product. The pampers are soft as always and work well!
grandfather thought he would like the open to but says they tend to roll up on him and become uncomfortable so be sure to try closed toe first. the quality was fine just a personal comfort issue.
I do keto, and at times struggle with my electrolyte intake, and also bounce off and on the diet occasionally. I have been taking these a few weeks now, and I have noticed I feel much better having an electrolyte replacement. I lose so much fluid on keto that I often have weak moments and flu like symptoms if I am not careful. These have helped tremendously.
Item shipped much faster than expected, in great condition. several reviews say the charger is awkward, and it sort of is, but I'm not bothered by it. The toy is small, great for use with a partner, which is why I chose it. Also comes in a little pink dust pouch, so that makes it easy to store and perfect for travel. I'm most impressed with the company, I left a bad review about some office products I bought that came damaged, and unfortunately mixed it up with the review for this product. The company reached out and offered me a full refund or an exchange - very generous, but alas, it was my mistake, so I instead I am writing the proper review the company and this cute little purple toy deserve.
The product came on time exactly what was needs. Like
Great when worn. I was comfortable instantly when I wore them. After two weeks, it seemed like I had nothing new in my shoe.
The price for the amount of probiotics in this supplement was most impressive for me.
We always order these trash bags for our salon due to the great price, quantity and quality!
I use this in conjunction with melatonin. I get a good night's sleep. Better price than direct from Young Living
I bought this rather large bottle of rose scented witch hazel for myself. I was so excited when I got it, because it smelled so much better than just plain boring witch hazel and it had a cool looking bottle. And need I mention, once again, the size... there was so much of it, I knew for sure it would last me forever. *sigh* Apparently my husband loved the smell of it too. He began using it as an added scent in his oil diffusers and putting it in his bath, using it as toner for his face 5 times a day (at least that's what it seemed like to me!) I can't even guess what other ways he must have used it while I wasn't looking. Every day I would stand in the bathroom shocked as I watched my bottle of witch hazel dwindle down to nothing in a matter of 2 weeks... guess next time I'll try the lavendar.
Taste is great. Easy to blend in coffee.
Got lasik surgery a couple of weeks ago and all of my glasses had UV blocking. Had purchased another pair of these at another place and they were way more expensive and not as cute. Returned the other pair and am sticking with these. They are light weight, stylish, affordable, and do their job.
Just a few drops of this product definitely makes a big difference. I've noticed changes in my body and i lose a few pounds already. I'am so happy and excited for more positive result in the future.
Great price. Fast shipping. Works great.
I am on my second bottle and I'm seeing great results. I have tried several different probiotics with no results until I tried Balance one.. I would highly recommended this probiotic.
This seems to work very well. It brought down swelling on my wife's calf and ankle within hours. We particularly like that the sock covers most of the foot -- which many similar products do not -- because we needed this because of foot surgery. To the reviewers of many similar products who note that the zippers don't stay up: Try turning down the top inch or so of the stocking. That keeps the zipper in place.
I like how they work! Glad I chose this product. Thank you!
Cheaper than the pharmacy. 100% recommended.
Great item! Keeps odors in and material feels great and light.
I started taking this last year. I felt better pretty quickly. My mood improved, my energy improved, I was able to lose weight (finally). I had ran out and hadn't ordered more. Here I am a year later, 20 lbs heavier, moody, tired and fatigued again. The only difference between then and now is I wasn't taking this. I ordered a bottle and started taking it again. I suffer from hypothyroidism and also had a hysterectomy
Great product for the price. Fits perfectly and each brush comes with a hard plastic cover. Included are also a couple of color rings in case you have few family members with the same brush.
It's been a few weeks and I think it's working I feel better so about a month I'll write another review
Exactly what I needed. Great product. Great price and very fast shipping!
I use it before and after hiking and find that I have more energy for the hike and recover more quickly.
I recommend this product
works just as expected.
Amazing ! Doesn't feel like too much pressure. Just the right amount .
Wowww!!! My best friend complained a lot about the fact that she cant sleep next to her husband cause of his snoring and their relationship begun to be very sad. I persuaded him to purchase vents, he agreed because he really love her. Today she is the happiest person in the world! Recommended.
I bought this after finding out via candid camera that I do indeed snore in my sleep. Apparently loud enough to wake my children down the hall. I was hesitant at first because it does look a bit odd but I must say I was surprised at how comfortable and effective it is. I haven't snored since I started using the mask!
Great to help with liver. Easy to swallow
I have been struggling with lack of energy and weight gain since having a partial thyroidectomy 2 years ago. I am on a super low dose of levothyroxine and my blood work always comes back normal even though I still struggle with symptoms. thyroid support has changed my life. In one month of taking feel so much better- more energy and motivation to work out again.
I use this every night and sleep so much better without ambient night light from all the electronics in the bedroom and the street lights. Best part is, there's no velcro to scratch my bald head.
Amazing products!!! The bristles on the brush are very soft. Great packing! I love that everything is natural and there are no harmful chemicals used. Fast shipping and delivery. I will definitely recommend these products to friends and family. Will buy again as a gift to all my friends that are expecting or have little ones. :)
I was having leg cramps at night that were seriously depriving me of sleep. I figured my mag levels were low, but just a few days after starting this, they were gone! I take it late in the evening, very relaxing!
Ever since Starbucks weaned America's appetite for good coffee with a horrendous burnt grind, I went from 6-10 cups a day down to one or two (and I didn't enjoy it). I started drinking expresso (believe it or not, Dunkin Donuts have the best expresso .. better than Starbucks). I looked at the recipes for KETO coffee ... expensive ... messy ... way too much work. I purchased this, heated my coffee in the microwave and believe it or not, this isn't bad (Better than many take out coffee places). And if you're trying Keto, you don't have to buy 3 products (and btw, this is much less expensive).
Bought for a friend who gets bad migraines. She says it Greatly helps her.
Easy and comfortable to use. Nice as a gift as it comes with two piece. One for yourself, one for your love.
Nice smell, easy to use
Cleans my tattoo well. The soap doesn't have a smell. Recommend this to anyone who gets their first second and so forth for their tattoos
For about the same amount I would spend for 8 batteries at a big box store... I got 50 of theses. Quality is great. arrived fast... fresh... date on packages was less than 30 days old. I use these in several items. Installed 4 into a night fishing baseball hat... bright and powerful. Will post a follow-up if these do not last as long as the big name brands. But based on other reviews I think they will.
I purchased this product on the recommendation of a chemist friend who waxes not stop about the benefits of Vitamin C. The real issue though is that the cheaper ones don't absorb well. What matters is how much is absorbed into the body, not how much you put in. The Liposomal is made in a way that the majority of the Vitamin C is absorbed, whereas the regular cheaper vitamin C absorbs at perhaps 20-25% efficiency.
JUST WHAT I NEEDED FOR A SORE LEG CANNOT RECOMMEND IT ENOUGH
My partner and I have really enjoyed this product. The straps are comfortable and easy to adjust. The straps can be tucked under the mattress to be both discrete and convenient.
What I liked the most about using these Gelatin Vitamins was how quickly my nails started to grow and the strength of them. I always have had thin and brittle nails but now they are finally starting to harden. I also started noticing how much my skin has cleared up on face!
My son loves the flavor and he is super picky
I loved it. Well made, nice quality. Received on time. Thanks!
When I first ordered this I was worried that it would be huge, but it's not, it's perfectly sized.It has a nice firm and smooth feel to it and is actually really powerful, even the lowest setting is reasonably powerful. Easy to use, and I was surprised that my partner let me use it on him.Great for clitoral stimulation too.
These batteries last a long time. I like how they are packaged. Good buy. Would definitely buy again
Just ordered it recently and used a few times already. Really simple and comfortable. Love that it comes with lube.
These Kirkland allergy tablets are an incredible value! They provide the overnight allergy relief I need and they help me to fall asleep. I no longer wake up sneezing!
My friends loved these as a gift.
Works as advertised. Good package, Thank you!
Great for suppressing my appetite between meals. The product arrived as described, the softgels have no smell of taste and they use high potency C8 and C10. Great product, price and value.
My bone density tests have been improved since I have been taking supplements for my bones.
Super cute!! Shipping was fast! So far I'm loving this lipstick it is very hydrating on my lips! Would highly recommend! 😊
Stopped high eye pressure. Doctor made it sound like it was not possible but this product cut my eye pressure in half.
Seems to be working for some digestive issues such as reflux or indigestion.
Looks sturdy. Works great.
I would like to see more all in one package, having to order a little here and there.
Solid bit piece. 2 inch ball is perfect size for hamstrings / quads and chest / shoulders.
I bought this for my 88 year old mother because she wanted it to improve her vision. The pharmacist had recommended orange flavor and i bought this never having used this product. My mother says it is wonderful. It is like taking a teaspoon of water, but thicker. She said there is no aftertaste and no burping so she is very satisfied. I will probably order a bottle for myself!
ended up not using the pads that came with it but works well, easy to use
Very cute and good quality
just like Zyrtec but much more reasonable in pricing
This is exactly what I was looking for in plastic. They do a real good job. They come Well packaged and individually wrapped too. I tried these looking into my mouth and teeth with the help of a mini-mag light and was pleasantly surprised on how the little mirrors were so clear. I am sold. Thanks
Great product! Helped me out greatly at my last concert! will definitely be buying more from this seller!
I've tried a few different whitening products which are not only quite pricey but don't actually give me any results and on top of that are full of chemicals; after only a week of using this product I've definitely noticed my teeth to be whiter, not that much but for the price and for the time it is worth trying it. I would recommend it.
Direct replacement for my walker seat.
Following retinal surgery (for a detached retina) and subsequent cataract surgery, I experienced eye strain when reading. Systane Complete provided near immediate relief of my eye-strain. While Systane Ultra is great for my general dry-eye condition (in both eyes), Systane Complete really worked in relieving eye strain in my primarily affected eye .
Went hiking in red rock canyon! These insoles working great! Nice support in hiking shoes...
Great Stuff! Definitely worth trying.
loved this when it worked but after a few times it is no longer working at all. Will attempt to get a replacement.
Used this earlier today and can honestly say I do feel more relaxed. I suffer from pinched nerves and can also feel a decrease in nerve pain. Looking forward to more relaxed, comfortable days like today.
One of the best milk thistle products I have used.
Easy to clean and use.
These are so handy for on the go or small messes at home! I may never go without them again :) they are much larger than regular wipes and very soft!
My toddler son gets eczema, unfortunately, and we've tried everything, including changing his diet. So far (until this product!) only hydrocortisone cream actually helped, but that has side effects and I don't want to use it on him unless I really have to. I bought this balm because it's all natural, and it has good reviews. After using it on my son for over a week, I can say it definitely works. He doesn't like it (I think it might feel tingly or irritating to his skin?) though I tried it on myself and didn't feel anything bad. To be fair, he hates anyone putting anything on his eczema, even plain moisturizer. But this balm literally works just as well at taming his flare ups as the hydrocortisone! I saw a difference the next day! This will be our go-to product from now on. Love it.
There is a cervical spine on my neck. I can use this massage device to massage myself and feel comfortable.
I am very pleased with this product. It is very easy to swallow, It tastes good and it provides me the omegas that I was looking for.
Super quick postage, item is exactly what I was looking for to make my bitters. Smells incredible! Would definitely buy again from these folks.
Picks up dust, without any residue of wax or oil
This supplement was prescribed by our family physician as an aid in cell repair. We both have had skin cancers. I can already see results. We take one capsule a day.
Very good works good
Great product to help with liver function and hangover.
I was very skeptical, but this sh*t works! Laugh all you want, but no one is gagging after I use the restroom.
Wonderful anti-inflammatory and complements my healthy life choices.
Love love love this eye mask. They have room in them so you blink your eyes while they are over your eyes and there is a flap on the bottom to make sure no light can come in. Can't wait for my next flight to use them!!
I love using this hair gripper , makes doing man haircuts very easy
Smells great and is very moisturizing for my sweet babies skin. Love the earth mama's brand.
Fast shipping and wonderful product
I hope results happen!
Great compact lighter. Lights every time. It's nice not having to refill it with lighter fluid. Just need to charge it. I have not had to charge it yet and I have used it a lot already. It lights candles with ease. I'm sure it would light many things with no problem. This lighter is great and it should last a long time. Great value for your money.
Seems to be working fantastically!
I love them! Much better than the toxic plastic crap from the pharmacy that was always itching me! The washing part is a little bit annoying but you will get used to it.
My husband love his new grilling gloves! When he got this and was suprised on how well made it is! The fabric is thick and big enough to fit hands of his size. Recommended to all those looking for good quality grill gloves!
Got his for my son and he thinks it's a cool item
Good travel size toothpaste. After a 6 day trip -- it was stretching it -- but good travel size. If longer than 5 days, suggest bringing two.
Absolutely amazing product. Definitely helps in relieving back pain and correcting one's posture. Also, it comes with all these additional helpful things. Highly recommend.
These are perfect for my purposes. Thy're the right size, the colors make keeping track of my medicines 100% easier, they're good quality for a very fair price. I have a small Dymo tape labeler which I attach to the outside for further identification.
got the report back and was very helpful
This works great for snoring and sleep apnea. Just cut a 1" wide section and tape the center of your mouth at night and breathe through your nose all night! Much healthier! And much cheaper than those bulky, cumbersome cpap monstrosities!
Very pleased with this product.
Very cool! This is much better than I expected. Thank you!
I've used this for several years and travel to Europe a couple times a year. It always works great. I am usually able to adapt to the local time zone in the first day.
Used this for both of my boys as babies
have used this product for years....great price at Amazon
Great nail colors, perfect viscosity for applying polish. Removed with light filing or soaking off with nail polish remover.
Really like NOW products, use their vitamins too. This smells really good.
Shipped out on time and arrived early! Very neat package and perfect invoice/product. Product package was sealed and when opened, product was fresh. Good Quality product!!
Very comfortable and really promotes better posture! Easy to put on, take off, and adjust. Would recommend for anyone interested in improving their posture.
Happy that I got it, I was trying different brands of probiotics, this is pretty good, will get it again.
This product is well made and comfortable for my son . It is easy to read if ever we need help
The length is just right to reach anywhere on the back and the variable speeds allow deep tissue to shallow relief. The cordless feature is very convenient and recharges quickly. Certainly no complaints here!
Very good, No fishy burps. seems to be good quality.
Great taste and very filling.
Good size for my sholders
I was drying herbs and was concerned about the smell and too much moister causing mold. The charcoal bags worked perfectly.
Good product so far, very helpful
Everything I wanted in this product.
We use Ok Yuk jetted tub cleaner each time we use our jacuzzi tub. Yes, it's costly to do so, not only for the product but for the extra water that we have to use to flush it out, but the lines in the tub are clean, the water that flows through stays clean and we can be assured that things will run smoothly for years.
I have always suffered with digestion issues. I have tried probiotics in the past, but have never found any relief. Since I have been taking Dr. Picks Probiotic daily, I have found I have more energy, less fatigue mid afternoon, and what is the best-less digestive issues! I would highly recommend this product!
Product as described.
I am a repeat customer. The glasses are sturdy, work great, and look good. Great value for the price!
I bought these because they have snaps on the back not velcro. I'm glad I did. They seem to be durable and well made.
Great and we're just on sale!
I concur with all the other positive reviews. We had some gunky dirt and build up on our siding, close to our grill and this cleared it up in a snap! Can't wait to try it on other areas that need a previous tough job clean-up made easy!
I ordered this pompom and lantern kit for my daughters Baby Shower. I am very pleased with this purchase. Everything arrived in perfect condition. I was able to do the minor assembly, without any difficulty. The finished product is beautiful. I recommend this product.
Does what it's supposed to do
This helps give me energy throughout the day and I have better focus as well. Highly recommend!
This had easy stretch and not binding, at all. I had to return it, because it did not work for me. :(
Smells great while keeping that dawn strength
My sister has a stroke and has done many therapies to get better. Now she has noticed that her posture is suffering as she finds herself hunching over and not keeping her back straight. I got this back brace support for her and it fits her just right. She has been wearing it for at least 3 hours each day the last two weeks and already feels an improvement. She puts it on in the morning and wears it til lunch. I have noticed her keeping her shoulders back more often and being more aware of her posture so it is helping.
Great price for good product
Very nice UV lamp, for my friends made a beautiful nail, dry quickly, very good!!!
My dentist recommended these tuft brushes to help clean the deep grooves in my chewing teeth (molars). Most regular toothbrushes and even electric tooth brushes do not reach deep enough, which led me to have lots of cavities. It also is great for reaching behind my back most teeth. I use both regular tooth brushes and this brush to clean my deep grooved molars. So glad I found these in economic 3 packs, so worth it...
Shipped quickly. Product as expected. Happy that a shelf- stable version ( does not need to be refrigerated) is available.
I have been using this product for about six months. My thyroid seems to be both overactive and underactive at times. I have tried many different supplements in hopes of staying off the prescription medications, and this one is working the best for me. I think it took about 30 days for me to see results, but I have felt pretty much stable. I sleep through the night, have consistent energy and my mood has improved. I would highly recommend this product to anyone with thyroid issues.
Great product. Works miracles when in need of a boost for those really long runs
Great product. I thought my tub was clean. I used the mfg bleach and dishwasher detergent. I had a few jets that were not working up to par. Used Oh Yuk and was mortified at the biofilm. I used again and there was less biofilm and jets are cleaner. I will keep using this product. It's not really clean until it's Oh Yuk clean!!
This product is a great well made essential piece of kit for the price. Its quite accurate as well - you will not be disappointed !! Once I was diagnosed with High blood pressure, this device has been my constant companion to keep tabs on my BP. If you have High (or too low) BP , don't delay, buy one - it could save your life!
Staple to fight off cold and flu season! Great taste!
I have searched high and wide for a quality multiple for my husband. I found this multiple and decided to give it a try for him. But, when the product arrived it was for Women, not Men! I was very disappointed and contacted Naturelo. They emailed me back letting me know that they would send out the correct multiples for Men and that I could keep the open bottle of Womens multiples. So, since it was open and I wanted to try it for myself also, I began the Womens and my husband began the Mens as soon as we received his. I have been a long time user of the powered All One multiples. But, I am finding that I really like just taking a capsule rather than measuring and mixing the powder each day. We are very impressed with the quality of your multiples, and certainly will be ordering again. In reality, the 'shipping mistake' was a happy one!
There earplugs were perfect. It is hunting season and my husband is a hunter, I love traveling with him, but hate shot gun noise. These are perfect fit and did not look bulky or noticeable. They sure did their job protecting my hearing and making a trip so much enjoyable and I could have a conversation and hear people too.
I've only had it one day so I can't say, yet, how this product is in the gaining weight department but I can say that this is the best tasting protein powder I have ever tried and if I see results this will be the only product I will ever use. You can still tell it is a protein powder (duh, you're not going to get away from that) but it's not strong or over powering, it doesn't have an after taste, and it really does taste like chocolate milk without being too sweet. With milk it's almost like a milkshake and with water it's like watered down chocolate milk. So far I'm extremely impressed.
Love them. I've used others and they've deaden the sound to much. These are perfect for band practice. I haven't had a chance to try the other pair yet! I love the nifty cord the come with.
Many years ago I used this product when it was LOC liquid organic cleaner. I've just started using this product again. I don't know yet if it is the same product or not. I hope it is. So far It is performing as expected. I've used it to clean my painted kitchen cabinets and they came out great.
The product is excellent, it was the only thing that finally helped me in pain. I'm glad I found it before the final possibility of surgery. Remains cold for a long time and much more reliable and has a higher quality than any similar product I have tried in the past. Also the service was excellent and it came on time.
My doctor recommended this since I work out a lot and am a runner. I take it at night and definitely less sore in the morning after a workout. On my second bottle and works great for me.
Awesome kit, it has all the necessary tools for a great bachelorette celebration!! The scratch dare game set the tone for the party!
This pouch is soft and beautiful. The only thing I could complain about is the tie. It is kind of hard to set it up so that all the straws are snugly in and won't fall out. Not a big deal though. I looked for a long time to find a pouch that was very pretty and reasonably priced like this one. The straws inside are high quality as well.
It's order free it's easy to use and it is the only product on the market for getting rid of fungus out of shoes. And because I collect vintage shoes this was a perfect way to disinfect them along with my steam cleaner
I have used this for my terrible joint pain from being on accutane. It has helped me so much! I have also used it on my husbands back for all the pain that he always has and he found relief from it too! So excited I found this.
Takes away the bloating and the pain immediately!
I bought one like this for my stepdaughter. She liked it so much as it helped her with her back pain I decided to get one for myself. I am very impressed with this. I am walking tall and not slouching. My back feels good. Thank you for such a great product.
They fit and price is right
Really need this. The quality is good.
I always worry that something I will use to breath thru is clean. This is packed as good as I would get from any of the other suppliers I have went to to get supplies. No worries.
Just good quality. Made well, burnt well, smelled great. Wish I could buy these in bulk.
Love this clip! So versatile! Had to buy an extra one because my daughter loved mine so much!
I use it every day and I love it! I always use the lower settings because if you use the higher setting it feels like it's going to squeeze and break your bones. But different people have different tolerances.
This scrapping board can massage my back, legs and neck very well. It can relieve my fatigue after a day's work. It also improves the body's flexibility and stimulates the immune system. I am very satisfied with its effect on improving physical fitness.
I really feel like it's improving my very serious digestive issues. The gas, bloating, and pressure has completely stopped since taking this product.
This G Spot Tongue Vibrator is AWESOME! It is very well made and has incredibly strong vibration. It has 10 different vibration patterns and the LED light in the handle even changes colors when you change patterns. Also, the charging port is ingeniously covered by the silicone material -- making it truly waterproof! (HINT -- the port is just below the power/pattern change buttons) I highly recommend this vibrator for girls and guys -- anyone who wants to have toe curling O's!!
Since drinking this and using essential oils, I have little pain and the swelling I tend to experience has decreased significantly. Awesome price for the size of bag with all the benefits of the tea.
I haven't worn these yet for an extended period of time since I just got them but tried them in my shoes and they are very comfortable and very supportive. I wasn't clear from the pictures online but the sleeves are one piece which is nice. They are very nice quality and very soft on the foot. Except for the great support and cushioning you wouldn't know you had them on. I have plantar faciitis and my custom arch supports don't fit in all my shoes. These sleeves are the perfect replacement!
Got the set for 4 different people and we all LOVE the product.
Just ordered this product & I love it!!!!
They made me more focused and alert. Also I am not stressed as before,
I've used these for about 8 years now and they last for a long time even being used a few times a week. We keep a few sets in the freezer at all times and rotate through.
These are very good wipes
I bought this heating pad to replace one I'd had for many years that stopped working. I looked at all the big brands offered here on Amazon and was not happy to read that Sunbeam and some of the brands I'm familiar with had bad reviews (caught on fire, stopped working after a short time) so I kept looking. I came across this heating pad and decided to order it. I've used it twice now, and I'm very pleased with the larger size and the soft cover on it. It heats up quickly (there are three heat settings), and has an auto-off after two hours. I also like the longer cord length, since there's not always an outlet handy when I need to use it. I will report back if I have any problems with this pad, but for now I am very happy with the quality, price and performance.
No other all natural protein on the market compares.
Works great..of all the different massage products available, this is the one I've been looking for. I'm able to massage my neck the way that benefits me best. Tip...apply some lotion or cream to the nodules...
Smells great and works great
Your product is the best I have had so far! It is creamy, tasty and mixes well! A great complement to my smoothies and hot cacao. Thank you!
Works as they should
Perfect exactly what I was looking for. I will definitely reorder!
These used to be sold as Tween size. I first purchased these when my daughter's friend started and my daughter wanted to be prepared. She had a few more years to wait. But having these on hand made her first and subsequent ladies' days much easier. She's 11 and rather petite, so anything bulky or sized larger feels awful. This time of the month (her life) is already hard and filled with hormone-driven insecurities, confidence in staying dry and being discrete is huge! The slim body-hugging design has allowed her to wear one the day before she starts in anticipation and not feel discomfort.
I had gastric bypass and totally lost my butt. I didn't realize how much sitting could hurt. I was hesitant at first to purchase one of these, thinking that it would loose shape and I would end up sitting on my butt bone again. But I've had a couple of weeks so far and it works great. Going on a long drive tonight and going to test it in the car! Great product! Highly recommend!! And no, I am not being paid for this....just happy to not be hurting!
I purchased this item so I cud give everyone in my fam their own study adjustable back scratcher in their stockings. Thankfully all four colors blue, green, pink and purple worked out with all our fave colors so I didn't have to reorder another set. They extend long enough to get those places on your back you can't reach unless you have really long arms. The scratching metal hand isn't cheap and is sturdy enough to get through multiple layers of clothing and not break. They extend longer than I thought they would and have a soft grip that allows you to move your placement up and down the base so you can position the back scratcher to scratch where you need to. So I purchased these especially for my two sons who are in college so they wouldn't make me be their back scratcher but just as they opened their stocking the same day they asked me to scratch their back....lol
The sponges are as good if not better than the more expensive scrub sponges. The scrub sponges cleans and removes dirt without scratching the non-stick pots and pans. You will not be disappointed purchasing these sponges.
They dont make your food taste like tin
Things sure are a lot quieter when my husband wears his chin strap.
Practice getting placement right. It takes some time, but this device works and it does help.
Didn't need much to get a lot of bubbles!!
Seems to be a good product for the money...
This is working really well with controlling my appetite! I don't feel ravenous as I have before taking these supplements. I will buy again until I get to my desired weight!
The care touch CPAP mask wipes do a great job keeping my mask clean I on my 7 can of cleaners. I am really pleased with the ease of use plus how they are always ready to use each morning.
They work as stated 100% no itch.. highly recommend
I can walk without a cane but feel much more comfortable where the ground is not smooth when I use it. That said, I chose this pretty pink flowered one and receive a lot of compliments. At first I had wondered if it would make me just look silly or sillier but I realy love this. Folds easily and is highly adjustable as well. Bravo!
I can tell a difference in my energy levels and hair nails and skin are noticeably improved
My back doesn't hurt so bad using this
The company stands behind their product. The first one I got wouldn't adjust speeds. I wrote the company and another one was sent that worked properly. It is very powerful and adjusting it is somewhat necessary. Give it a try.
I love this speaker - I use the timer on it to let clients know the session is ending.
This is the second time I'm getting something like this for my bathroom. My master room already has it. But I wanted to get for my guest room also so I bet these are really good.
I was sceptical that it would relieve pain I had in my knee when exercising. However it worked perfectly and I now use it whenever cycling or walking distance. The velcro is extensive and it is well made. Looks like it should last some time.
I have tried several masks. This one has has the least amount of light leakage around my nose (just about none). Very happy with it.
This is one of the best purchases I have made for well being.
Nice suction and easy to clean
Just what I wanted! Perfect size, locks and lots of pockets and places for accessories
I like that I am finally able to find a certified organic bone broth. Seemed to take for every to find. It works great in my smoothes and does not add any weird or heavy taste to them..
Gives me all the D I need. Maybe a little more than I can handle
I love this product! I have more energy since using it. And I can mix it into any flavor smoothie since it's non-flavored!
Great price and cheeper than the medical store
Surprisingly comfortable! They surpassed my expectations!
OK. I was really skeptical about this one. Like REALLY skeptical - despite reading the studies out there about Ashwagandha actually working. But, I'm taking a few other supplements by this company, and they have all been good, so I figured I would give it a try. This is my favorite of all of the supplements! It really does help - it's like it loosens some of that tight pressure feeling I always carry around in my chest. My life has been very stressful, but this really does take the edge off of the overwhelm. Pleasantly surprised.
I've tried other Omega 3s in the past and they usually irritate my stomach. I've used about 3 bottles of these and they're great. * The taste is not too fishy * Helps out with joints and eyes * Prevents arthritis
Love this. All natural, no flavor or color. Works very well. Howe than most brands.
these will give you an extra kick where you need it
Time will tell but I believe this product will last long past my need of it and be available if it becomes useful to me again
A good alternative study drug from crack, planning on buying again but wish they are a bit stronger :/
I tried it and I am still on it I like it as it does not give me a side effect also it's helping me to maintain my weight
I am using these bags as well as their smaller bags for compost and they are holding up much better than an other biodegradable bags that I have tried. They are great!
Fast shipping, looks exactly as the pictures does, very powerful, the clit part is a little tongue so amazing and it comes with a charger
Very useful. Perfect size for a drink.
This seem to work, good product.
Will buy again, last awhile for such a small bag.
Came fully charged easy to used very powerful. Has lots of different settings never be disappointed very much worth the money. Plus the texture is very soft.
This stuff is wonderful during the dry, desert winters. We mostly use it overnight because it feels greasy and will rub off on everything. Also, it doesn't irritate raw skin the way lotion does so my kids prefer it when their lips, nose, or hands are chapped and cracked.
I have arthritis, and this supplement has helped me so much. Taking it consistently has helped reduce the affects of inflammation on my joints and I am in much less pain. I recommend this to anyone with arthritis or joint pain! Take it consistently and it will help so much.
Definitely the birthday party of my daughter looked great with this balloons
It's a pretty good product! My girlfriend loves it and swears by it!
I've always like these
Great product for those that have allergies and sensitivity to perfumes.
Good quality and one of the only companies that make this nice small dose size.
Great test very accurate and easy to use. Very informative direction packet
Fit in good, works great! Brings the picture quality to what it should be. Great bulb!
Me and the husband have been using this product for over a year now. Found it to be tasteless, odorless and easy to dissolve in fluids. Then the last batch we ordered was completely awful and we complained to the seller. We were told that they were trying organic ingredients and it was for me differently. I told him was absolutely terrible and I would never buy the product again unless they went back to the old formula. They were so cool about it and said due to the complaints they got they were going to do that very thing. He was as good as his word and sent me a replacement container to make sure I liked it first before he sent me a few free containers. Just got the new formulation the other day and completely happy. I can't say enough for integrity of the company and standing behind Their product. I do them for listening to the customers and doing the right thing!
Nice to cut down on plastic. It's easy to fill the bottle I already have.
My wife suggested I get one, I was very reluctant but glad I did! This kit is awesome!
I wear it to bed and when i wake up my lower back is waaaaay looser
I used this product and it works. Trust me it works I've been prescribed all kinds of medications nothing worked but these capsules. I'm so glad I bought these. Only used for 7 days and I haven't had any issues. The real test was after sex and it was no smell. If you're on the fence don't be.
It works perfectly. All you have to do is follow the simple instructions, and you will get very accurate measurements. Easy to use on yourself without anyone help you.This product is well made, accurate and, best of all, reasonably priced.
Good product. It takes getting use to but it works!
These tast good! That doesn't matter much to me but it matters to my kids and they always take these without any complaints!
wet enough to clean 2 pairs of glasses and clean them well. Cleans our laptops and tablets as well. First time purchase, will definitely buy again.
Had them in past worked very well with my mofo leg braces some pairs are wearing out so need replacements
Theses were a great gift for my bridesmaids
This oil is very light and very soothing during my menstrual cycles. I saw a review on Dr. Axe that it was great for menstrual cramps, I ordered it and it works wonders for me.
AAA+++ As advertised.
I love Dr. Bronner's products, especially the toothpaste and hand soap. I also think the company and its treatment of employees is a model for all employers, as is its record of contributions to various community projects. A quality product from a company that treats its employees well is a great combination. I can't say enough good things about Dr. Bronner's!
I love having a tablespoon in my coffee or broth or even tea! It's my 2nd bottle.
Been using this product for several years in a smaller size container. This is a much more convenient size. Great taste and all the nutritional values I'm looking for to start the day right.
The product came in on time with no defects to its container/ box. The product is easy to use and you will know what your ketone test results are once you follow the instructions it gives. Simply wait 40 seconds and you can compare the color of the strip to the actual ketone color from trace to large. You can monitor it daily since it contains 100 strips for testing. It's amazing on how the product can determine your ketone results from home or anywhere you go. The container the strips are in is easy to have it on as a carry on and good for travel. I recommend this to all that needs to know what hour they're body is at the most ketosis time and if they need it for travel; very convenience to have.
This remote control trolley is fantastic! Bought this for my nephew, he loves it. The car is a nice size, built with quality and easy to control. It's easy to use and the fact that you can load the car's battery directly into the light is excellent even if you take two others for control remote, but they last a lot, I am very happy with this purchase I know that the gift will love. I have been extremely enjoying these cars. Super fast, good control on pavement, not bad on rough surfaces.
I love these diapers, and I love even more how much I saved.
Wonderful product, powerful, silent, and very well made
This one of my favorite snacks. The flavor is amazing for a product with such great Healthy counts!!!
I bought one for myself and one for my wife. My wife said it was too thick for her and didn't help so I adopted hers. I am 6'4" and weigh 250 pounds and put one pillow just above my knees. The strap is very handy as I typically switch from 'left side' to 'right side' throughout the night. It isn't necessarily the separation that helps me as much as keeping my 'upper' leg from falling forward and twisting my lower back out of alignment. This, the pillow does a good job of. I did try to use my wife's pillow as a second pillow between my legs but it was just too much. Then I noticed the shape of the pillow might accommodate my head. I wear a full face CPAP mask which would get pushed loose on my traditional pillow. I tried the knee pillow as a head pillow, placing my face on the thick edge and allowed the face mask to project from the pillow free from pressure of any kind. It worked! Since I roll over from side to side through the night, the mask just projects from the other side as I settle in. Just remember to get your face up on the thick part so the mask doesn't touch the pillow. The knee pillow will stay securely between your legs and it becomes second nature to keep your legs together as you turn from side to side. This is not a 'cure all' but it will help keep your lower back from going out. I also use an inversion table and do lower back exercises every day. All in all, I would say this pillow is good as part of an overall treatment regime to relieve back pain. Oh, and it doesn't stink. I would buy this again, if for no other reason than it has a strap that helps keep it from getting lost in the bed. (strap was removed for use as a head pillow)
At first I was a little skeptical about this product but I also am a fan of the company and they never seem to disappoint. My favorite feature is how powerful but quite the toy is. That is the number one feature I look for when making a purchase. The one feature I didn't like was how hard it was to remove the lid for where the batteries go. Other than that I give it a 5 out of 5
We'll never return to medical supply stores. Here we have identical products at a reasonable price.
Very comfortable, blocks all light, and doesn't bother my eyes like normal airplane eye covers.
I love these diapers got them for my 2 month old. They hold well over night. She does leak from her legs sometimes, but it's because she gets the diaper full.
These are great!! I will say they're smaller than I expected, I wear a woman's size 9 shoe and ordered the large ones. They fit me perfect, but can't imagine them fitting feet much larger. 1 Full ice pack for the bottom of the foot and 1 half pad for the toes or front of ankle. Works great!
I just started using these today and I have to say I am very pleased so far with the results!!! If it keeps up I will continue to order!!
A birthday gift for my BF! He seemed to quite like it, he said he loved the stimulation by vibration. It's a worth purse.
Very pleased with this eyemask. It fits my face well, blocking out all light but not actually touching my eyelids. The strap closes with Velcro and stays put and is not at all uncomfortable.
Very good quality! It's nice to get 3 pill organizers when others give only 1 for around same price.
My brother has a fetish with sex toys, but he's embarrassed to get them on his own, so I help him out by ordering and receiving it. He said to let people know that this product was very nice and with the usb heating tool, it feels so close to the real thing and it's so easy to use!
Seems to work well, I do not have the leg cramps at night like before,
I have only used it three days. First time I used the recommended dose and yes, my anxiety was gone but I felt extremely tired and sleepy. Second time I had 15 drops once a day, still I got so sleepy. Yesterday, I had 4 drops dissolved in water in the morning when my anxiety is at its worst and I felt the nice relief without the sleepiness and tiredness. 4 hours later I started to get anxious again, and I had 2 more drops in a glass of water as well. I normally don't write reviews due to my anxiety, lol. But I'm feeling so calm now. And I haven't felt this calm in years. So happy. I hope it keeps working for me. I know everyone is different, I pray it works for most people. Living with anxiety is no life. Good luck to all.
I have been trying quite a few of these keto supplements, and this one has been my favorite so far. I love the sustained energy I get from these. If you're starting the keto diet give these a shot!
I am very satisfied with the results so far. I've noticed less inflammation in my hands and knees. Expecting to see more improvements as I continue. Very easy to swallow!
It was far better than I expected for the price.It is just as good if not better than a brand I have been buying since the 70s that costs as much for only 1/4 of an ounce. I will buy this again.Thank you
Shipped fast, as advertised/shown. Gave 5 stars because they delivered what I asked for quickly. Don't know about “battery life” but I've never had issues with Duracell so I'm assuming they're fine. If they're bad I'll edit this review, it not then I'll wont.
Needed a replacement for 3ml contractor bags. These are larger, just as strong and more economical.
Bought for magnification purposes … WAY better quality vision in these two than many others ! Excellent offer !
Bought this as a gift for my s.o. and he LOVES it. He loves that the comb reduces static and that the brush is curved to fit his face.
Very easy to use, lightweight, convenient, but the readings vary sometime. Overall, good purchase.
My 16 month old loves taking this! I've read that some zinc supplements taste terrible. This one does not. I would definitely recommend this product!
have used this product for the longest...simply love it
Great product! They're comfortable and they go in my ears easily. I really can't sleep without them. I bought a box back in 2017 and I'm just now starting to run low.
It works well and seems to be accurate. The Bluetooth function makes the readings easier to comprehend on your smartphone. Well put together product.
Great product! Would definitely recommend!
I was using the product for bread dough starter, now that the starter is active and useable I am using it for rising dough. It is easy to see how much the dough has risen because it is see through and the container has measurements on it. The lid fits tight and it is durable. I am happy with my purchase I will likely buy a second for other bread dough I make at the same time.
It was a gift to a skinny son hope it works then I'll continue to buy it
Really like this stuff!
I already owned the gel by the same company, and it's above-average. But for my bigger scar, this overlay rocks. Not to mention, I don't have to wait for it to dry before you can get dressed. I highly recommend these strips for larger areas, say more than 1". I know it will take time for the scar to disappear, but I already notice a difference using the strips.
I've had some trouble acne pop up recently so gave this a shot and it actually helped! I noticed within about a week my skin started to clear up and I haven't had any new outbreaks.
I absolutely love my Pixie Cup! I've used it for three cycles now and can honestly say I wish I'd switched years ago. I was really nervous about the inserting and removing process, but it is really easy. I used to be strictly pads, but this has completely changed that!
Works well will be buying again so that I can keep my filters clean.
Use at home during allergy season and carry a spare when I travel highly recommend good quality phenomenal service will recommend and shop again and again
Got this for my sister that's pregnant and she loves it ... she said it was so comfy and released so much pressure off her back .... thankyou for such a great product !!
Works well. I got it for a family member who had a surgery. They say it has helped stop the smoking craving.
The product meets my requirements and is economical.
As a caregiver these pads are so much better than the smaller pads, they cover a much larger area which means instead of having to change the whole bed (sheets/blanket/etc)) you can just remove & wash the pad! Wish I had I found them sooner!!!!
Love this charger, it literally took under 15 min for a full charge. It's so much better then the one the Fitbit originally came with. 👍
This product gives almost instant relief from leg cramps. When the cramps are already acting up, the pain is gone within a minute as advertised. Thank you for the product.
It's a very good product. It has waist pain all the time after pregnancy. It works much better after using this product.
This was recommended by our Eye doctor so we have been taking it.
Nice quality, the selection of sizes are nice.. it's make wearing one much more comfortable.
Great quality, I really enjoy it!
I had used this cleanser in the past and couldn't find it at the local...ordered from Amazon and voila!
Just what I wanted, my grandson loves them!!
Makes a great breakfast. Filling and good for you. One glass of cold milk and five scoops and I am ready to until lunchtime.
I really like these things for scrubbing water stains on sinks and toilets. They do wear down fairly quickly so having four around is not a bad idea and is defiantly cheaper then ordering them one by one.
It has wonderful attachments to get into tight spaces. I would recommend this Dryer lint Cleaner to anyone and everyone.
Works really wonderful and is a great accent to my living room.
Work great for the reception I organized.
Great alternative to taking pills.
My daughter is a power lifter. So she gets a lot of pain in her shoulders and back. This heating pad gets all these area that hurt heat at same time. Really works good for the large area needed.
Amazing!!!! Got rid of all other bedroom toys because nothing compares to this!!! If my kids happen to see it under my bed, it's just s back massager!!! This is a ten star! The only problem is how addicting it is!
hope I don't need it
I used for after being on my period.
Excellent amino boost, helping with my current workout plan, I'm not usually duper fond of grape flavor but this has a great taste! Will purchase again.
Purchased as a food supplement for its proven anti-inflammatory and possible anti-cancer properties. Sufficient medical tests and evidence exists for the anti-inflammation benefits, but the anti-cancer effects are based upon studies by M D Anderson Cancer Center and appear encouraging. This product appears well-packaged and the ingredient analysis meets the guidelines for purity and potency as well as the bioperine black pepper to induce absorption.
I was looking for something safe to take with my pregnancy, but didn't want the added vitamins that other supplements have. This helped TREMENDOUSLY, especially with my pain while laying down.
Changed my husbands beard from bush & scraggly to smooth & shaped. He is in love with this product.
Absolutely love this collagen! My knees hurt if i walk very much . I noticed after 2 weeks of taking my knees didnt hurt anymore.I guit taking for a few days and knees were hurting again.
Looks great. Arrived promptly with a good quality bag too. ve fixed it. Very pleased overall.Very well made. Has been admired by many friends. looks lovely and sounds very nice too. Fantastic value for the price. I would recommend one of these to anyone. also arrived two days early. I am very satisfied.
great product, good adhesive, and stays put even on the curved areas like hands and elbows, even knees
quick shipping, great product
I felt a difference in my skin within one week! I mistakenly ordered a different brand on month two, and I can feel the difference. Definitely sticking with this company.
For rheumatoid arthritis it helps a bit, but it feels even better. Good product
It works fast I really got good results
Ive been looking for a little something xtra. To help me through my workouts. I do orange theory and bootcamp. These have helped me keep going and not feel so sore.
I received so many compliments on this balloon arch! It's even more stunning in person! It was the perfect backdrop for photos during my baby shower and the different balloons that came with it worked so perfect together. Highly recommend for the price!
This stuff actually works! Within a few days, I was able to sleep comfortably without being kept up from the stabbing pain in my toes. I was surprised, honestly. It's expensive, but it beats losing sleep due to the pain in my feet. Definitely going to keep this on hand. If you take it as directed, you'll only have about 2 weeks worth of pills at first. Just be aware... I'll keep buying this as long as it continues to work for me! Very happy!
Great sponges. My second set of 3. They last long, rinse out easily, dry quickly, don't hold odors and clean well.
These are my favorite diapers! My son had some eczema on his bottom, and I switched to these and now its completely gone. It seems to come back anytime we use the other diapers we were using (costco). These hold in everything well and are super soft!
My kiddo loves the taste of this and looks forward to her daily dose.
Tastes great and blends well
These balloons are so cute! I got these for my bday Good quality The directions were very helpful. The letter looked great. Will be using this listing again for future parties!
The product was bought for a love one who feels a level of relief to use at night
We have really hard water and this helps with the tangles and dryness in out daughters hair. Shes got a lot of hair so its helped for sure
New dishwasher works best with powder. Didn't want to use a harshly chemical product and was glad to find this. Works well in our Fisher Paykel drawer type unit. Use less in a High Efficiency dishwasher!
Overall good eye drops. don't last super long, but my eyes may be dryer than most after having lasik and drinking lots of coffee.
Love the taste and quality of ingredients . Only down side is they were received partially melted, need to use cold packs in hot climates. Refrigerated right away and love them!
Exactly as described. Use it for my nebulizer!
I bought this for my elderly parents who seem to struggle with the use of almost any technology. So far, they have been able to use this in their own with minimal intervention from me (which is greatly appreciated)
Cleans my clothes just like it is supposed to do.
Great product for someone who suffers with tinnitus and lack of sleep.
excellent product here
I am very pleased with my purchase. I was recently a vendor at an event and wanted to give customers the option to sample my cocktails before purchasing. These shot glasses were just what I needed. They are very sturdy and I have not seen a cracked one yet. Will def. buy these again!
I love the smell of these oils! They are so wonderful!
I love this product and Its $4 cheaper than buying from a store!
Arrived quickly, and in shrink wrap. Good stuff! ; )
Great product great price
Works as advertised. Perfect!
Taste is not bad at all. Helps with deficiencies. Will definitely buy again soon.
My biceps would hurt all the time and in one week it disappeared
I love these. They have tremendously helped with my skin and hair along with taking care of my sweet baby girl.
Hard to find in retail stores.
It is very slippery and lasts quite a bit longer than any lube I've had before. It is of course more liquidy than anal lube normally is, but it gets the job done.
This oil came very well packaged and when I'm ordering oil's I always worry about it spilling everywhere, so it was very comforting to know this oil ships completely sealed. The oil itself is great, I use it to make bath bombs and they turn out wonderful. No slimy ring around my tub from the oil. It blends nicely in the water. The smell is also very nice and not too strong. I highly recommend this oil.
My girlfriend and I go hiking a lot so I was going to buy my usual biodegradable wipes, but I thought these were kinda funny and they were also biodegradable. Was actually super impressed with the quality and thickness of the wipes. They're perfect for day hiking because of the small size of the packets. My girlfriend ended up buying some for herself.
These have really helped my ball of foot pain. It provides the right amount of cushion. I work 13 hour shift and am on my feet a lot. I needed some that was easy to use and that would take my pain away. These gel pads did just that.
I bought a pair of these back in August and have been using them every day at work. They make a world of difference for me, and if I forget them at home one day my eyes really feel it. Most people in the office thought they were real, prescription glasses and were surprised to find out I got them off Amazon purely for staring at the computer screen. I've never had an issue with the quality or anything like that. I'm actually planning on buying another pair to keep at home.
Product is just as described. Needed a good brush for our family of 5's many metal water bottles and plastic reusable straws. These brushes fit the bill perfectly. I like the silicone bottle brush the most.
Best treatment for skin infections, including bug bites!
These things are great. I purchased them because I tend to get a blister between two of my toes when I walk a lot. They are comfortable and easy to put on and take off. You can wash them and they do not stretch. I would definitely purchase them again and would recommend them to anyone who has toe issues.
This Isopure was recommended for a keto recipe I was making and it worked perfectly for the recipe I used.
I feel good and have energy.
This wheelchair works perfectly for my needs. I shattered my patella, my leg is immobilized for 2 months. This chair keeps my leg elevated and comfortable. It's solidly constructed, ready to use once the leg supports are attached. I believe for the price point it is an outstanding value.
I have tried many different hemp oils for pain and this one is the best I had bought!
I loved it!!! I have a bad neck, bad shoulders ， where I can't lift my arms to wash my hair. This helped me get rid of all that so I could turn my head. Worth every penn
Great product, delivered to my door!
Bought them as a gift and my Co-Workers loved them.
A must everywhere i got
Exactly what I expected and needed at a fantastic price.
so far I am using it in my clinic and it works great! great outcomes and patient's are feeling better!
Delicious!! I wish they sold this in the grocery store!! I love the way it taste. Expensive, but good.
I absolutely love this product! Easy to swallow pill, doesn't upset my stomach, and provides stress relief and focus. It's has been my go to. So happy to have found this product. Excited to try more!
Haven't had a chance to actually use them yet and really hope I never have to come into that situation. First impression is good, sturdy shears and they are pretty sharp. I did test them out on some thicker paper and they cut like a champ
This silver dip always works wonders on tarnished silver, jewelry
The Tens electrodes pads received sooner that I expected and were in excellent condition. They work perfectly with our Tens unit.
Great bright color!!! I also used the green.
I can now sleep for 6 hours straight. I was always waking up every one or two hours at night before I started taking the gummy. Also I don't have very much pain when I sleep. Thank you for this product
Good people to do business with
Light scent. I thought it would be obtrusive and overpowering but very gentle and natural ingredient-will buy again!
Working well on my arthritic left knee !
Not only has this helped lower my blood pressure, but has made me feel so much more healthy than I have ever felt before.
Love these things, but don't think i needed 18 of them, it'll take me years to go through these.
This thing works well for all types of bottles. It is extra long, which is helpful and versatile.
Seem to be sturdy enough to hold up for awhile
Works well, looks nice and it is easy to use.
I started having back issues after bowling at my nephews birthday party. I could barely stand, let alone, walk. I bought this unit and it was delivered the same day. I don't feel 100% better yet but I do feel some relief after only the first use.
I use this oil in the morning, later applying sunscreen and have been pleased with the results. Because it takes just a small amount to cover my face, it's an inexpensive moisturizer.
The padded design is much better than the plastic
The taste is honestly an acquired taste but the product is great I enjoy drinking it right after my first meal of the day for a pick me up and works perfect. Definitely helps to keep me in ketosis I've been drinking this for about 2 years I feel it helps speed my metabolism.
My kids don't even know it is there- I have mixed it in to smoothies and applesauce so far. Mom win!
The best we have found for pain, better than cbd
Originally got these for girlfriend who sometimes snores and wakes me up in the middle of the night. I decided to try one out myself and it enabled me to breathe so much better. I couldn't believe how much more airflow i could get while inhaling with this device in my nose. It was if something was blowing air into my nose. I actually slept a whole lot better going to sleep with one of these. It was first time in a long time I slept a solid 9 hours without waking up one time. I will forsure be using these for myself now.
Awesome protein works well changing up ingredients as well to get some variety
Excellent Quality. Highly recommend.
Fast delivery & beautiful packaged. Definitely gained a happy customer & will be purchasing more items. Thank you SO much! 😊
This was so easy to put on A child could do it. Very pleased .no tools needed. Pick up lid set the sat down n lock in place by hand. Perfect height !!!!
I was unable to use the product for what I ordered it for. However, it was wonderful for stiff achy joints on cold winter days.
Just what I needed to refill my first aid kit.
The leather eye glasses holders are soft and comfortable. I like the choice of colors to match my outfit of the day.
Product performs as advertised. Far less expensive than larger competitive solutions. In my opinion as effective as the more expensive CPAP cleaning products.
Great product, great customer service! Very happy with this brand and their customer satisfaction. I look forward to trying other products from them. 😊
Got this for my boyfriends birthday he lives it beautiful pipe.
I love these wipes they're not only stronger but they're like wash cloths.
It really works from the first use, its easy to use and is very relaxing , release the stress from my back and my shoulders I use every nigth before going to sleep.
Probably the longest wearing polish I've ever tried. Lasts more than 2 weeks on my toes. No chips ! Love it.
Does what it's supposed to. These are pretty much a staple in my bathroom stock
Product and delivery as promised...long term results pending
Works amazing if you have impacted ear wax. This is way better than drops. Use it and you'll see
Easy, clean, and accurate (as far as I can tell)
Arrived promptly. I received it today and began taking immediately. It contains so many vitamins, such as A, C, D3, E, B6, Folic acid and of course biotin, etc. I believe in this product and hope it will deliver promising results.
Came well packaged, did my first stick and pokes with these, heres how it came out
Exactly as described and super easy to use!
This toothbrush comes with the features of a much more expensive toothbrush but for 1/3rd the cost. It is lightweight and easy to handle. It does not come with a charger but includes a USB cable that can be plugged into any phone charger. Overall, a great buy.
This stuff works great on my daughter's workout gear.
It was just the right size, I love it. I have use it for other parts of body , too.
I love this creamer...and I am a very picky coffee creamer snob! It is very tasty and helps keep me in Ketosis...double win! I wouldn't want to be on the Keto diet without this creamer. Definitely purchasing it again and again and again!
Sturdy dinnerware. I've ordered the wooden ones and they were difficult to use but these definitely did the job. The didn't bend or break and I love that they're biodegradable.
I use to prevent nighttime nervous leg syndrome. Also prevents nighttime leg cramps. I take it for my heart as well
So far I don't see any difference in my health, but I have not been consistent. I have not been taking this everyday or properly. I'm giving this 5 stars because I know the health benefits to both Chlorella and spirulina and I've taken both before with other brands.
This stuff works great. I have multiple pieces so soak time isn't an issue for me. I'll use a bong for a few days while the dirty one soaks. Not that you need this much time but glassware will look as good as new with plenty of soak time. Quick rinse is all it takes after 🤙
Seems to help with the bloating that I get with IBS, I've used this for about 3 months now & my IBS has improved, I shall continue to use it for as long as I can purchase it!
My husband said I haven't snored since I have used these, its been 10 days now and we have both been getting a good night's rest every since I have been using them. totally recommended
Love this massager! My husband hurt his back and has been going to the chiropractor we got this to help with his sore back and it has. My whole family loves this and fights over who is next to use it.
Easy to measure temperature. Had two options, with cap on, measuring skin temperature from forehead. Removing the cap, you can insert it inside the ear. Easy to use and easy to read. Did not test for accuracy. Simple.
I purchased these to replace the straws that I use to get at Starbucks every morning. Starbucks no longer gives straws, so I wanted a replacement that is environmentally concise. These are great. They fit perfectly through the opening in the new Starbucks lids and held up all day.
I used this product for several weeks and it appears to be helping my nails, hair and joints. This product is reasonably priced, compared to local similar products, and the shipping has been excellent.This product has almost no taste and I have found that mixing it in a shaker bottle works very well.Shipping has been great very fast and in perfect conditions
Put this on bathtub next to toilet and tub is old steel porcelin type so about every 3 0r 4 days hand tightened the unit for about 2 weeks starting around 4 days after installation and now have not been able to tighten any more for at least 3 weeks and it is rock solid on tub and helps us for stability with toilet and tub. Very happy.
This gave new life to my old Braun Shaver. I can now use it for my travel shaver, but it is good enough to use every day.
Very convenient for travelling.
I have taken White Oak Bark for years to control Hemorrhoids. They really work wonders
The product arrived on time, was easy to use, and the instructions were easy to understand.
My niece uses this and swears by it. I like it so far i guess.
I have worn this product for the past three week and am very happy with the results. I always feel like I cannot get enough air through my nose at night and this totally solved the problem! Reduced my snoring significantly too.Thanks for such a simple solution.
I love these for my Barre class. They have alleviated pain a reduce the bunion that was developing
I loved this formula! This helped me while I was healing from musculoskeletal imbalances and helped with tissue regeneration. I took it for a few months during the healing process
I absolutely love these natural enzymes. My whole family takes them.
Great product - comfortable
This scale syncs perfectly to my phone, It is so smart to show the statistics of my weight. I am so happy with it and will continue to use it everyday.
This product taste great and gives me just the boost I need but not to much where I cant settle down after
In the summer I get dry eyes due to all the fans. It's nice to have a good quality eye drops to easy the dryness. I have used a few of Systane products. Very satisfied customer.
Amazing product, literally saved us so much trouble!!!! I bought it for my mother (using Victoza), who is usually visiting me from out of the US. She needs to carry her Victoza in coolers during the flight, which causes so many issues - coolers are large and get everything wet, and in a flight of 12 hours it is just a nightmare. Imagine the difference of carrying the Victoza with this small cooler- it was AMAZING! It worked perfectly, my mother used it through the flight and has her Victoza safe to use. It saved us so much trouble, I'm so grateful for this product.
Love the consistency. Absorbs well.
Seems like a great product
This was a repeat order. Best one I have found.
These probiotics have really helped with my IBS-C!
Quick recharge and the ignite button is protected with a sliding door to protect against accidents. So far using this for my fireplace and for the grill.
I have low Vitamin D, this is to bring it up.
Must need for after having baby!!! Hospital does not give enough to send home and these are just like what you get there!!
I was looking for a quality fish oil. EPA/DHA, processing requirements and flavor all on my checklist. This is it. I am sold and so is my son. And a co-worker tried it and she is sold now too. The flavor will blow you away.
I've been using tamanu oil with my kid who has a severe episode of psoriasis. I had good results so far, i will continue using it, untill all the psoriasis disappear.
Fit perfect in my shower. Thanks
No more seasickness here!
This has the most fabulous smell. I just love it! Works well for massages, so I'll keep using it. Satisfied with my order.
Surprisingly it works so much better than I expected. I love it
I know about this neck relief hammock from my friends. My partner has neck problems so i bought it for her. She only used it for a week now but already she told me that she can feel some improvement. She is very happy so I think this neck hammock should be recommended to more people who need it. Because it is known through my partner that it is really useful for neck pain relief.
THIS IS THE BEST THING I HAVE EVER BOUGHT!!! HAD EXTENSIVE SURGERY ON MY ANKLE AND FOOT, AND 4 DAYS AFTER SURGERY I WAS ABLE TO USE IT! I WOULD HIGHLY ADVISE PRACTICE ON IT BEFORE SURGERY THEN HAVE PT SHOW YOU IF YOU ARE USING IT CORRECTLY . BY THE TIME I LEFT A REHAB HOSPITAL EVERYONE WANTED ONE !
Easy to clean, easy to see what is inside.
Nice for serving food
I have had lumbar surgery three times in the past nineteen years. I bought this to elevate my legs at night when I sleep. It really takes the pressure off your sciatic nerve, and if you are someone that suffers from edema it also helps to reduce the swelling in your feet ankles and calves
Love this product helps my IBS and reduces bloating and gas
Exelent for bike exercise
Nice sunglasses very sleek design
They were perfect for kids to decorate and use for their lunch bag.
This is the second one of these I've purchased. This newer one is even better than the old one. It's easy to use, the packs stay cold for about 20 minutes after you take them out of the freezer. I highly recommend this ice pack
I have used this product for many years and never had anything to complain about.
Works as stated. Nice size. Soft and comfortable.
I really love this product because It helps me to digest food quickly so I don't feel fullness on my stomach any more.
This is the best supplement ever!!!!! It works great for me
Great product at a great price.
Good product and better price than my local drugstore. The cuff squeezes when in use . it gets very tight but the readings are accurate.
Love it sleep much better now
The first day I wore these was amazing I felt an immediate difference.Great product!
I bought this primarily because I have osteopenia and need a good calcium supplement but I also love it has Vitamin D as well as some magnesium. A friend of mine used this for her disabled child and reversed his brittle bone disease.
These towels are great for around the house and garage, many uses. They clean very well and don't leave any lint behind.
This stuff works used it for the 1st time this morning and instantly noticed results but by 8pm ish I noticed my gums feel a little swollen,I did brush teeth and gums so neat time I will try and avoid brushing gums but it def whitens teeth!
Good customer service
It's exactly what I needed, easy to cut and put in my shoes. Such as running shoes, but it needs more space after put the deep heel insert. Overall, it's good.
Great product, I've used for a while and never disappointed with the results.
These are great for energy
I cannot swallow most fish oil pills, however, this is perfect size!
This is amazing. I have lower back pain so I thought I would give this a try. Its great at helping with the pain. It helped relax the area that is usually in pain. The heat is a great addition and the fact that you dont need any lotions or oils it a great plus. If you have issues with deep muscle pain or just want a nice massage without goin anywhere give this a shot.
Very Speedy shipping and quality product as described and works very well for its intended use
Tastes good and works well
Tastes really good and so far has been helping my digestion. Making them a part of my daily routine!
Have been taking this for a little over a month and my nails are very strong and healthy. Easy to swallow.
Makes me feel great!
I must admit, I was skeptical at first. The only reason i tried this product was because a celebrity I follow on Instagram uses it. As a backup, I purchased some regular deodorant. Surprisingly, my body adjusted to it immediately. No sweat! I also purchased some salt bars and they work as well. Something so simple as salt works just as well as brand products and is a whole lot better for my body. I'm not going to use anything else.
This product is great at eliminating the smell from athletic clothes.
So I bought this on a whim when I started realizing my bunions were hurting more; especially when I was just rubbing lotion on them. Now my bunions aren't as severe as others as I am trying to prevent future damage. Yesterday was my first day with them and I will say it does hurt at times, like in the sense of soreness. It actually woke me up in the middle of the night and I had to take them off, maybe they were too tight though. Anyway that was just the first day. I'm hoping to update on progress to show if it's worth it. Wish me luck!
Best scale ever! Easy to use love it that the data is on my phone. Best ever
Works well! I dont get sick often!
This is an amzing product only thing is i would want to use something unmixed with another oil while this is mixed with an one more oil
These are very large soft wool dryer balls at a very good price. You will be happy with your purchase. They do what they say they do.
Good, sturdy, comfortable. Nice price. If you have a large neck over 19 inches it probably will not fit.
Just as shown. Enjoyed parading around with it on my birthday!
Tastes SO yummy and gives a great boost to my workout
This my second re-order. It reduced my glucose level.
Bought it as a gift for my son-in-law who has chronic back pain. He said it has helped. Have to say that he was unable to use it when in acute pain and spasm though. This product is very well made.
Cleans really well and good value for money
Have used these batteries for years. I've never had a bad one, and they are long lasting.
It is providing awesome support for my workouts! My back is trying to go out on me and I've been using this brace during workouts and it has helped tremendously!!
Great product. I use it daily for face and body. We also use it to mix with essential oils.
I absolutely like it The brain booster influences well on my alertness and memory. I feel much more clear after half an hour of taking them. I think that they even improve my critical thinking.
gift for my husband, i know that he will love it!
Decent quality which is rare in a pair of glasses this cheap
Love the water pick syringe. Easy to use and gets those stubborn gross tonsil stones out with ease.
I buy all my essential oils from this brand. I only use them in my diffusers and are just as good as young living who I used to order from years ago.
Just lovely highly recommend this for your baby Girl beautiful colors great quality and price!
This is a good brand, I've used it for years. Usually I get it from Costco, but I ordered it this time with some other products from Amazon. Smaller tablets, easy to swallow.
With all the crude going around, I was afraid that I wouldn't get it into my system in time to help protect me. So far so good.
Best supplement and best company
Love this. I've bought this over 10 times already. I take it orally when I feel like I might be getting sick. It also killed a tooth infection. It comes in a pill form, but you can open the pill and the powder is inside do I used the powder on my hand and it killed the infection on my hand when I was bit by a cat.
Used for baby shower invites. They are beautiful, had to get envelopes for them separately but other than that, loved them.
The smell n price was good. I buy all the time. I buy to wash clothes.
Wonderful product. This is my 3rd order ang my skin looks perfect. Get complements every day. It is worth the price.
I'm in love with hemp wraps, after being brought up on Tabacco wraps I couldn't not smoke cigars. So when there is a nicotine free cbd infused alternative you bet I'm going to take it up; they come a bit dry and all that takes to work it out is a bit of moisture.
The correct strips and speedy shipment !!!
Nothing fancy but gets the job done!
You might think a spray could get messy, but it's not. Works well on minor skin irritations.
really cute straws!! thanks
This stuff is great, hipped my friends to it
Arrived on time. Good for my allergies and dry eye.
I absolutely LOVE this Oil!! I defuse it at night while we sleep! It is very calming for my boys especially! Thank you for the personal emails and making sure this arrived so quickly!!
This stuff is the bomb. I have reoccurring shingles (came back three years after the old vaccine) and? If I put this on the soles of my feet and my forehead (my forehead is where the pain tends to be the most) within 15- 20 minutes the pain is better and if I get it on soon enough? the days of pain are shortened. One week or two versus over three.
I'm usually super hesitant to buy crystals/stones from amazing bc they're either not what I ordered or they come broken, came exactly as what was advertised and super nice stone for the price!
I have bad dental pain. I got it originally for my husbands nerve pain in his elbow. It really did not help his elbow, but I put it on my gums like orajel and it was an instant pain reliever. It lasts for hours.
I was taking this supplement to help me sleep. They were effective once I started taking two capsules just after supper. However, I did not sleep through the night. I am still trying different supplements
I love this powder. I use it in my smoothies and my husbands protein shakes. It doesn't leave a taste in it at all. Will be ordering more when I run out.
A fish oil I can take.
Great value for the price. Love this as a safe option to diffuse around my newborn. I also like the scent better than some other immunity boosting essential oils. Will buy again.
Love that it keeps pill cases secure. No opening and spilling in my purse. I take many pills several times a day and these are easy to fill and to keep medicine organized.
Nice to not have alcohol smell
I got these as a gag gift for a friend of mine. They were a hit and it was a blast
Amazing superfood gives me energy I need to maintain without jitters or crashing. Plus so many benefits, I highly recommend as part of daily regimen. This is one of best kept secrets that people need to know about.
My wife and I were excited to try these dishwasher packs, we have been using Puracy products for years and have always been satisfied. Our home runs the dishwasher every day, sometimes twice a day. We followed the rinse free instructions and our dishes, baby bottles and glassware all came out clean and free of any food debris. I like knowing our dishes are getting cleaned without the use of any harsh chemicals.
Great warmer. Easy to use and very safe , takes a little bit to get hot at first , but then stays steady. I used the product for eyebrow, facial hair and leg hair removal, does the job.
This supplement reduced the days of my colds! This has helped me so much and I couldn't live without it anymore. This is one of the best things I bought so far. I will be buying this again
My husband bought this for me. I have to say it is amazing!! The toy attachments all come individually wrapped. There is a very nice assortment of toys. None of them have a strange odor, which is very nice. They are body safe which is a must! It is not very loud, which I expected it to be. It is easy to use, and works very well. The adapter on the first one that controls turning it on and off and your speed did not work. We contacted customer service and they were GREAT and fast! They sent us a whole new machine and it works perfectly!!
Love it. Can't have carbs on my anti cancer diet. I take them when we eat out to block any carbs that might be in my meal. Makes things easier.
Would recommend this to anyone looking for a proformance boost. I saw great results and it definitely saw a huge boost.
Great price for these
I make elderberry syrup in my instant pot and it really helps keep sickness away as long as we take it once a day. Buy them BEFORE cold and flu season though because otherwise the price everywhere gets jacked up way too high. This stuff is like gold. I bought a few lbs and 2/3 of a cup makes like 40 oz of elderberry syrup. It should last me all winter.
Theee are good enough for I use them for.
Quick shipping and good price. thank you.
Nice quality. Sturdy can be used for personal and personal training client measurements. Great deal.
I looked long and hard to find a decent straw to use with my 40 oz and 30 oz tumblers. The Hiware 12 inch silicone straws are the perfect fit. The brushes that come with the package are a great bonus.
Great product! Recommended by my doctor.
They lowered my blood sugar a lot
This is a great sleep mask. Completely blocks the light, very soft, easily adjustable and comfortable over the ears.
These are pricey but when I eat one it feels more like I'm eating food than a protein bar. Been using a soy version until I found that my weight gain is from soy... it produces estrogen and causes fat to accumulate on the torso. No thanks.
product is sticky, but it works great for my late night muscle cramps
Nice well constructed stick,. Looks sharp! I am 6' 3" and heavy, cane is the correct height for me, and is stout with no wobble (the only folding cane that i have found that i trust).
They are more comfortable then other brands that I have tried.
love this product, the portability and the power
Love this. Improved workouts and recovery.
It works good doesn't take long. I do wish the pills were smaller.
Just got, very pleased. Good lemon flavor, no fishy taste.
I purchased them for an ankle and I was able to strap them on outside my walking boot, but now we use them on our backs and they stay in place while I work! Such nice relief!
This noise machine ("sound box") was an excellent find after a family suggestion that I try this for my long term and persistent problem with getting sleep, with the added distracted of Tinnitus. After experimenting with the many sounds I found one (the bonfire sound) that provided the background noise that was relaxing and sleep inducing. I am now sleeping much better and would recommended this product to others who have sleep difficulties.
I counted the contents of the bottle and it had 29 pill in it, not 30
This thing is awesome. It is so much better than garbage bags and rubber bands. It keeps my cast perfectly dry. It is thick vinyl but allows reasonable maneuverability. The seal is definitly tight, but that keeps the water out!
Easy to use and clean. Tried it the first night and had an amazing time. Felt very good. Charges easily with the cable. Always has a bag for storage.
Bought this for my mother who has Celiac Disease and Alzheimer's, for the protein supplement. It has not caused her any intestinal issues plus we can use it in water, juice and her puréed food to supplement her diet. I give it a high rating because it is Celiac friendly and that is not always easy to find.
The product is great! I couldn't find it at any stores so happy amazon carries it! The only negative was how it arrived...completely busted and all through the box. I reported the poor packaging and got no reply. I had to store it ina ziplock bag.
Works well to adjust my leg height due to hip surgery.
Oh my god .. this serum works like charm .. highly recommended
Always in need of these things for ceiling fan remotes. Great value.
I use for cognitive issues. This seems to work as well as other brands I have used st a more reasonable price
This is my favorite flavor of spark.
Life Extension, like this brand and quality!
Excellent product works right away! Just be sure to help your body regulate when spring comes. Get out in the sun more, be active and train yourself to sleep naturally . This is a sleep aid to use on a temporary basis.
My favorite to clean glass
I actually take caffeine as what it is: a drug. I have a condition that makes it necessary to use a stimulant to awaken (not fun). I have never seen caffeine capsules before and these are great -- they take effect more quickly than tablets which need to melt. This means that I can use less. The challenge is that there's no way to do 1.5 capsules unless you have some empty capsules around. I generally do, but haven't needed to go there with this product. I'd definitely recommend it. One wouldn't think that a caffeine product actually matters so much to a person, but in my case it does!
It's twice as expensive as other brands, but I love them twice as much. So, it's worth the extra money.
My detergent boxes arrived promptly and well packaged overseas. (I guess Amazon has updated their shipping of this product due to all the previous complaints on this product.) I love the scent that it gives clothes and it makes them squeaky clean. I bought this randomly after searching for Oxiclean pods. I have been recruited to Persil after the first try. I have people in my house that work in mechanics and go to the gym a lot and this product is excellent at clearing those strong odors. It is officially one of my subscriptions.
Works great! This is my 2nd purchase for my kids.
VERY GOOD PRODUCT. JUST AS THEY SAID ABOUT IT. IT'S WORTH THE MONEY FOR THOSE WHO NEED THE EXTRA HAND. THE PLASTIC CUP HOLDER KEEPS YOUR BASKET CLEAN IF YOU SPILL IN THE PLASTIC HOLDER.
I love that this helps us relax when we come Home from work or doing any physical activities!! So convenient and can easily be stored and have access to when needed! Might be purchasing another one!!
I Iiked how it supported my upper back and sort of my neck. But I also need support with my Lower back as well.
I don't usually write a feedback, only because of time. I wanted to quickly say this is as described, The scent is very nice and strong as I hoped. Came on time and the box it came is very strong and reusable. Thank you I highly recommend this product.
I'm so happy to have finally found a plant based protein powder with simple clean ingredients. No gums, no sugars, no flavors, just organic pea protein and nothing else. This powder mixes well and has no discernible flavor. It is also very easy for me to digest, which is important for anyone with digestion issues. We use it as an added protein boost in smoothies and I've even added it to no bake vegan cookie dough energy bites.
Excellent product. Was as represented
I have had elbow problems for years and surgeries.This is the BEST elbow brace that I have purchased. it fits very well and the Velcro strap is a great enhancement. it is very comfortable and would highly recommend this brace to anyone who needs relief and are looking for a great product.
Greatest detox system I have tried! Subtle but powerful. I feel great and have noticed that my sleep has also improved.
Quest bars are amazing. My go-to food for any snack. I'm excited to wake up in the morning because I get to eat one. Pros: - Some flavors taste absolutely amazing (Maple Syrup, White Chocolate Raspberry, Blueberry Muffin, Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough, Oatmeal Chocolate Chip, etc.) - Almost no carbs or sugar - Good amount of protein - Ingredients are mostly simple Cons: - Some flavors taste absolutely horrible (Chocolate Peanut Butter, Vanilla Almond Crunch, etc.) - Highly processed - May give a little stomach trouble at first - Kind of super expensive at around $2 a bar Of course it's healthier to not eat these bars at all, but they just taste so good that I'm hooked. My advice is to try out a single bar of a flavor at the store before buying a pack to make sure you like the flavor. They all taste pretty different, so your experiences may vary.
I spend up to 11 hours a day at a computer for work..and this is the first time in a very long time that my eyes aren't burning and watering by the end of the day. I so wish I would have looked into these glasses sooner..but very happy to have them now. Priceless!
So obviously I don't have a beard which means I bought this to use on my hair lol the smells of these oils are so freaking amazing and they last all day it works really really well to tame frizz and I'm excited to see how well it works in helping my hair grow and to help the overall health of my hair.
Good, As I expected.
*Edited to say seller had replacement sent quickly - excellent customer service.** One suggestion is it would be nice is cord had on/off switch so didn't need to be unplugged/plugged each time as this seems to wear adapter out. / Cord seems to have a short - at times the cord needs to be finagled with for several minutes to work. Is it possible for a replacement cord to be sent? Thank you
Effective compared to other Melatonin tablets I have tried.
I personally love these bars..They taste great and so filling!!
I am surprised by the good results of this product; my teenage daughter is happy because her pimples are disappearing. I will definitely order again.
So many, great price, thank you
Does exactly what its supposed to do! (when applied to the area a few minutes before sex) Backdoor fun used to be painful but this makes it easy and enjoyable! Extremely thick and slippery so its just what i was looking for. Worth the price, generous size as well, this will last a long time even when using it 2x a week!
Like to take these when I am getting a cold. They help prevent colds.
Loved the color and design. This is for my mother who had knee surgery, we got this for her and she had the biggest smile after she opened it. Thank you!
I love this stuff. Makes clothes smell so nice and fresh.
Received quickly! Great price!
I did a lot of research to find a scale that I could trust. When trying to lose weight you really want to know that your weight is accurate. I highly recommend this scale.
Taste very good not a bad price either.
I take this 3 times a week and can't remember why. It was something I read a long time ago. I think I take it for hypoglycemia or migraine prevention.
MUCH better tasting than the other C4 flavors. Gives me an additional rush of energy at the gym. This stuff really had helped me with my lifting goals.
This has worked excellently for my sinus migraines.
Priced right, sturdy screw on caps, good vendor followup after sale.
Good value and well made product. Does the job I need it to to help with my recovery from achilles tendon surgery.
Looks and acts as expected. Pro quality. Fast, courteous service with an eye to satisfied customers.
I purchased my original Scrub Daddy at Bed Bath and Beyond along with the sink caddy. That Scrub Daddy held up well through multiple uses and multiple trips on the top rack of the dishwasher. Recently purchased a set of 4 on Amazon and am on my 1st Scrub Daddy of the pack. Scrub Daddy does what they say - it is firm when cold and very pliable when warm/hot though I tend to think that it softens up over time in general. I find myself using potentially more soap than I would with a different sponge (I suspect due to how porous it is and having the soap not really "stick") but I personally don't care. I like that this sponge doesn't smell and the mouth/eyes work well to help you grip when cleaning. I'm interested to see how long this one lasts - my previous one began to start breaking apart though I think that may have had to do with the way I was also washing knives. Either way, this is a sponge that I don't find myself ever wanting to throw out!
I heard good things about these on a morning news program I saw. They're drug free and all natural. I got the 30 day supply to see how my stomach handles them before getting more. So far they've been just fine, haven't bothered me at all. Easy to swallow and no problem with the stuck in the throat feeling or burping. They're individually wrapped which makes it easy to carry some with me in the package for when I need to take my 2nd pill and am out.
I use this on my lava bracelet and it seems to help with my anxiety. I also gave it as a gift to my sister and her husband.
Just what the doctor ordered. Love the flexibility and range of temperatures.
Comfortable and seems to work well. no directions on how to use velcro but viewed ad to figure it out.
Had a great deep sleep from the first try.
27. active for 11 years. never had one break on me
life saver. sprained left hand squeezing something out from between wall and couch. Hand ached more than can say. hurt just to lower it. Received this within 2 days of ordering. wore it daily for a week and it helped my hand heal so much. have continued wearing it only at night to bed. gives me a sense of security for that pain not to return. highly recommend. easy to use. adjusts to the right tightness you desire. washable by hand. gray is a very unassuming and natural color. small enough to hide if you pull sleeve down. love it.
Taste good and helped my husband get over his sickness a lot faster than he normally would have. He was very contagious and none of us got it!!
I am a huge fan of essential oils and have really grown to love this particular brand. I have probably 10+ different scents from them and will continue to order since I am so happy with them. Either in the diffuser, sometimes sprinkle a little under fresh sheets on the bed, etc. Some can be rubbed on the skin for relief as well - I highly recommend this brand!!
Great smell and product feels good in the beard
It is very handy for many reasons. I love the fact that it can help you get out of the car!
The fiber one bars are so good the sell by date is December 2019 that's really good and they're very fresh.
I have been trying these for 3 weeks now. I've noticed an increase in motivation and my stress level has decreased. I take 2 before work in the morning and 2 in the mid afternoon and they keep me going all day. Eager to try the other Genius products.
This is difficult to find in the stores so it's great that I can just order it and get it so quickly
Very happy with this purchase. Sturdy frames and clear lenses!!
I liked this product because I can take it anytime and not have that sleepy effect other CBD gummies have.
exactly what I expected.
Received this product promptly. As I just started using this for the first time I'm not sure yet how well it works, but I can say it taste great! I love that the dropper has a measurement on it so that I know how much to take.
Cannot live without this product. I take one in the morning and it reduces stress, and hot flashes. I combine this with "Dr. Formulas Menopausal Support formula, and it has completely made living with Menopausal issues bearable.
Worked great with a potty seat. Easy & fast to remove. Stay at my daughters a lot & can be taken off & easy storage when not in use.
The pills and the lotion are easy to use. I took measurements and can not wait to see results. The pills do not upset my stomach or cause any issues. The lotion absorbs and does not leave a greasy feeling. I will take a better shaped bottom and smoother skin any day!
Perfect as I ordered it
Fast service good product I take every day for help with wound healing from surgery it has helped me as well as Jesus healing UPDATE. THIS SIZE LAST LONGER FOR MONEY SO AM ABLE TO ORDER IT LESS OFTEN FOR PRICE. TASTE IS GOOD TO ME
This product works very well. Been taking this for awhile helps regulate women hormones.
This blindfold is incredibly soft and comfortable while keeping me in the dark!! I took it to Sweden when the sun shone very brightly though the skylights at 4 am. This worked like a charm. At home, if I accidentally wake up before sunlight, I simply cover my eyes with this and can get a few more hours of sleep.
Husband hurt his back and this helped him alot
Great price, quick shipping.
Great to use after a facial or anytime to help with puffy eyes.
Good price and quick delivery
I added these balloons to make a balloon arch, has a lot of stretch so they are easy to tie. Love the variety of balloons. Will reorder. Worth the money.
This product works well (no more muscle cramps, heart feels good, etc.) is easy to take and doesn't have any fillers. Love it!
Not sure how I would know the absorbency but the children seem to like the taste
Bought one for my best friend because she loved mine
Super cute costumes. Sure to be a big hit with my nieces and nephew! Love that the capes are reversible to offer them lots of options. The capes and masks appear to be well made for the price & so likely will survive lots of hours of fun.
This brace is great for having a cracked rib, it helped with the healing process and is very comfortable on the skin
The glitter gold and orange colors are so bright and pretty!
This creme not only protects but also heals diaper rash literally overnight.
This engraved wooden urn exceeded my expectations.....I had it engraved on the front, above the tree, with my loved one's name and below the tree with significant dates. It is absolutely beautiful
Much more affordable then pharmacy stores, and work just as good !
Price is excellent and the quality is very good!
Helps me wake up faster than house lights is super bright though when you first turn on be careful not to be looking at it. I sit pretty far away
Absolutely LOVE this Collagen! I was a bit skeptical to try a different brand that I was using but glad I did because it turned out to be way better! I put it in my coffee of a morning, it melts quickly and has absolutely no taste. I have been using it for almost 4 weeks and can see such a difference in my skin and hair.
I was looking for a walker that was affordable and works perfectly for my husband. I had purchased this one for myself a few years ago and am happy with it as well.
Definitely helps with sore spots on gums. It's the only thing I use now because it works immediately.
Left foam in overnight, foam was gone my morning, but did not leave bottom of disposer sparkling clean. It did eliminate smells. Would not buy again.
I have had 3 kids and hysterectomy. I have been having issues lately. I have just started using. I hope they work. They are comfortable and easy to use. They clean easily. I worth the money . Remote is fun.
I love using turmeric in my shakes when I have inflammation and I don't want to keep taking ibuprofen all the time.
Great honey just what I was looking for.
T-Tox tea was a worked great, not to hard on the tummy. Added a little lemon and it tasted fabulous....Thanks : )
love pepcid! works the best and you only need to eat one tablet instead of a handful.
I love this. I had something similar before and it eventually fell apart from so much use. I love baby soft feet so I am always scrubbing my feet and moisturizing. I used it this morning for the first time and the once callous I had formed is now gone. AMAZING! I would definitely by this again. It is well made and seems like it will last for a long time.
Good handle replacement. Just like original one
My 93-year-old lady friend sure likes this gift. She especially appreciates the handles to assist her in getting up.
could be colder but they dont leak which is nice
Got this for my mom and it's great in the shower. I am able to push it over the toilet as well. Great product.
Purchased this for my 10 year old because she always told me she couldn't calm her mind to sleep. She loves getting ready for bed and warming up the elephant. It really helps her!
I gave this to my wife as an early Easter present. She is very sensitive to caffeine and other weight loss pills. A popular celebrity weight loss pill actually sent her to the hospital so we were a little skeptical with this product. She absolutely loves, she doesnt get the jitters or feel sluggish throughout the day. She stopped drinking coffee or anything caffeinated because this gives her enough energy. Shes been happier because she has been slowly losing weight without working out too much (just going for walks). Shes been on it for 2 weeks so we will see what the future brings. And no I'm not getting paid to review this, I just wanted to explain our experience. God bless.
It's a comfortable piece to wear. I have been fighting with insomnia for a couple of years and while this unfortunately didn't help me as much as I had hoped I am planning on pairing it with a different mouthguard to pull my jaw forward and see if that helps. If I had any complaints it would be that I had several requests for reviews, one of which came the same day I received the product which is kind of annoying. I understand reviews help the company and I have no problem with that but don't badger people, give them a week to use it. But otherwise it's a good piece. Make sure you allow for time to wash it and let it dry before you use it as listed in the instructions as it does have a bit of an odor from the foam production process.
Purchased in the past for my husband. They are very large and good quality.
Great travel size, multiple sounds some sounds are ok some are great
Super quiet compared to others i tried and built really well. Great battery life and multi speed settings. The Best i've seen!It's powerful, yet quiet. This may be the best thing I've purchased. Ever. It comes with several different attachments so you can change them depending on what part of the body you are working on. Overall, there is a ball attachment that is my favorite. I use this on my legs every day before I go for my run. This is a high quality piece of equipment and definitely worth every penny.
This corded curved massager is great to use especially when tired at work. It is a good device to feel relaxed. It is cool and easy to use. It is very helpful for me. Worth to have.
Perfect scale for our work gym.
Returned item for a full refund.
Natural Vitamin C versus the man made synthetic sources advertised out there .
These are amazing! I love love love heels but hate how some of them are on my poor feet by the end of the day. I've tried so many heel inserts in the past and none of them seem to do the job right. But these actually worked! They went in easy, stayed in place, and I was finally able to wear my favorite pair all day without any issues. I will be buying more.
Great stuff. I'd tried every kind but this brand & decided I'd give it a chance. Does the trick!! Have prolapse awaiting surgery , extremely painful but this alleviates the friction etc. Only used 3 times but ordered 3 more today.
Was a bit wide but worked great to wheel around my daughter who had to have knee surgery and couldn't walk for three months.
very good for night use
Purchased for the foster dogs when they break out
works well. large numbers easy to read, love the storage case.
These fit perfectly and are very effective and comfortable!
Enjoying the product.
The produce was an exceedingly comfortable fit and I could not be happier. It did exactly what it promised and with products like this that are often hit or miss, it was an astonishingly pleasant surprise to have it end up so enjoyable. Would highly recommend.
After suffering from chronic bowel issues for over 9 year, I have finally found something that actually relieves my symptoms. I've tried so many remedies over the years that provide little-to-no relief. The acacia senegal is nothing short of miraculous in my opinion. THANK YOU Heather's Tummy Care. This has literally changed my life for the better.
Excellent towel and wash cloth set. I love the fact that it's very large and soft. Will bw ordering a few more for my daughter. Great job guys on this one.
I bruise extremely easily, often for no reason, and when I have any type of cosmetic procedure done I have to be really careful. My doctor had originally given this to me, you start taking it a day or two before and it does truly help. I have a major surgery coming up and will take it before that as well. This is good stuff. You can also get it in a topical gel.
I'm a sixty-year-old man and have had allergy issues all my life. Nothing has ever worked until this. Not only does it take away my symptoms quickly, it also keeps them away.
I love that everything came in record time and as promised...
Arrived on time. Good product. Thank you.
I am so happy I found the Bio Schwartz Magnesium it has helped so much with the muscle spasms I used to get in my legs. I can finally go to bed and stretch out my legs without worrying about setting off a sever leg cramp.
Very nice. Large numbers so you don't have to guess what they are. Very pleased.
Great invention. This one is pretty sturdy and works great. Good value.
Daughter was very happy with this!
Love theses!! And there exactly what you order came in a timely fashion !!
I love this oil!!!!!!! Thank you
It says it right there on the product. Safe to use on throw rugs. I wasn't sure when I got it because it's not well advertised but glad I took the chance. We have a large (cheap) rug that would never be worth it to take to the cleaners. While we vacuum regularly I could tell it was dirty. And it sure was! We could tell it was working right away. We followed the instructions, so easy and voila! A clean area rug. The room smells better too now that we got everything up that the vacuum couldn't dog hair, dirt gone! Highly recommend!
Product is working well! Going to continue using.
This little fireplace is amazing. Very cozy.
COq10 is a must have for anyone looking to keep their heart healthy, I've been using this brand for a few months and it's been good for me.
I love this product the colors are cute
I love the taste of this powder. I am from Sweden so this natural food remedy is not new to me. I will use it frequently.
lol this is so cool, it shuts off by itself! Light weight and fancy!
Worked perfect for the bride-to-be! Looked great, fit well, and no issues with it coming apart. Quality product!
Very handy for keeping oils stored in
I've been working really hard at correcting my posture...especially when sitting at my desk. This helps me stay straight and is super comfy! My husband wants one now.
This is the best way to go to take care of your piercings
Purchased as it is free from the additives to which I am allergic. Very pleased. This is a repeat purchase.
bought for my mom got what i bought thanks
I have tried many things to help decrease my snoring. My fiance says the eliminator is the best yet. It took a few nights to get used to but it's great because I can sleep in any position and it works. Thank you!
Some cotton liners are easy to deteriorate (like in an hour). This one stays longer without loosing its shape. The size is also good and wide.
I would highly recommended this product. I had terrible digestive problems with my stomach always burping uncontrollably this does the trick won't go without out it :)
Really fills you up. I make shakes before work and I don't feel hungry through out my shift. Smooth texture. I'll be trying the chocolate next!
It gave me better focus, I can finish my tasks faster and more efficiently. I have energy throughout the day and I don't even drink coffee anymore!
Saw great reviews and satisfied customers, which is why I decided to give these supplements a try. I feel healthier and stronger than usual. My energy level is high and enough to go through the day without feeling drained after.
I have it at least once a day and it gives me enough protein and all the micronutrients I need. So delicious, I will never switch! I now have the entire supplement line.
They get the job done. Thank You
SO EASY! I love it! First time with hard floors and I just grab this and sweep up stuff - it works well and is lightweight.
and don't leave home without them.
From bottle design to the actual product, everything about this product is perfect. It worked perfectly and gave me beautiful results. I saw results in as little as a few days. I was a little skeptical at first, not knowing the connection between caffeine and hair growth, but after a little research I found that it stimulates hair growth, and this products caffeine boost did exactly that. 5 STARS !!!!!
great product -- as advertised
I order the vanilla and love the taste. I have 2 scoops every day.
Great cheap alternative to those bulky and expensive shaker cups.
Wore these about 1/2 the day today. Stayed in place really well, hardly noticeable once their secure. I happened to have a lot of walking to do today, and my feet felt noticeably more relaxed and less stressed after the shift. I had a past fracture in my right foot that tends to bother me, but it feels pretty good today!
These are 2 items set. I mainly use the food panel for extending my shank flexibility. It's really help for my squat. I cant do fully squat because my shank is too tide. After doing a lot research, one main reason is tide shank. And doing a lot under foot massage will help. It might be hurt but really helpful.
It really helps with joint pain
This is my first attempt oil pulling. The consistency is not bad, the flavor good. I have been using it for only a few days, and I can already notice the changes in my mouth / breathe, teeth.
Good quality packaging and delivered on time.
I use only Design for Health products as recommended by my Dr. While a little on the higher side of cost, the quality is consistent and the results are great. I would highly recommend these products.
I cannot have adhesive tape on my skin without these wipes. Amazingly useful. Never go anywhere without them
It would last for half an hour, pretty good. No strong artificial flavor. And lastly relatively easy to clean compare to my old ones.
We use this for my mother who lives on the other side of the house. If she needs anything I can be there at the touch of a button. It's like having a call light at home.
Omg! We love this machine. We hear a lot of unfavorable reviews but we will go with our own experiences and beliefs. It works!
This product is amazing! The product itself is strong, motors stimulate clit and g-spot make sure you have a wonderful experience. This was exactly what I needed.
It is natural and healthy. I have been looking for this product for so long
This is such a great product and the company is awesome. I had received the wrong product (control vs extra strength) and they immediately replaced the bottle--good customer service. Also, a tip I got from my acupuncturist: if you are treating herpes, rub the balm into the soles of your feet. It actually works better than dabbing it on the actual sore. I won't bore you with why this is true, but I do recommend you try it and see if you get the same results I did.
Great value! =) will be buying more
I love these vegetable steaming bags. Quick, easy vegetables ready in 2 to 3 minutes.
Buying again. Love it!
A must for a vaginal delivery! With a new baby and toddler, it's difficult to actually do the Sitz bath daily. This is a great alternative to the Sitz bath and/or Tucks. I had one in every restroom and used until I healed.
This thing is amazing!!! It feels so good on my back & legs! I love the handles on it-I can Comfortably reach my entire body!!...My mom came to visit & she tried to steal it from me!😂
It's very comfortable. Silk feels so soft to the touch :) Nose baffle works as intended - when I wear it, it is pitch black! Quite a luxurious item; what a steal.
Love it! Not because it works well on my baby but because it works well on me...my skin feels so smooth and tender after using it. Better than lots of pricy ones I used before.
Very sturdy! Very nice!
This takes up so much less space then a regular broom. I love it
These seem to work well, with a fairly rapid onset, and do not taste too bad. I enjoy taking two of these more than 1 of the 10mg tablets as this seems to make me sleepy faster (who knows why). Reasonably priced.
2nd time I have purchased this product and have been very happy with it. Thanks
I will not use any other brand of diapers besides Earths Best. Our favorite!!!
Seems to work well for me. I take multiple supplements, including serrapeptase, but this is part of a program that's working for me.
I've ordered from this company several times and they're always very nice, and friendly and easy to work with. The product is great and service is even better :)
Only diaper rash product I buy. Perfect for adults as well.
Really helps eliminate indigestion.
Hands down best roller ever!!!! I was a bit skeptical when it came with a spare plastic insert. But mostly that is what fails. It seems thinner than any I have seen and thought it would have split quickly. I'm over 600 rolled smokes by now and haven't touched the backup. I have also had less tearing of papers(maybe 1 in 200) than the zig zag it replaced. I have looked into this company a little and from what I see they actually seem to care about the end user experience so they have gained a customer for life. Buy this buy this buy this.
I have been able to reduce my naproxen and Tylenol use to less than half of what I normally would use/ Had back surgery a couple of years ago, and arthritis in the joints= doing much better already. Thank you
I am on my 3rd month and I do think it is helping with my thinning hair. Also my eye lashes have been growing amazingly and I love that!
The earplugs are discrete to wear and fit well. The bonus is the handy container, that doesn't crush so actually protects the earplugs when they are being carried.
Love this tea! Tasty and refreshing!!
I got this for my husband. We both work crazy schedules so I'm not always there vise versa. He said it works wonders. Very soft, feels real. The suction makes it count. Satisfied 100%
As expected, it's tissue paper, what could be wrong! 😃
Have tried many different types of wipes and this product comes out on top every time. Worth the extra $$. Thick, soft, no scent. I only wish they were a little easier to get out of the package 1 at a time. They tend to clump and come out as a bunch. I will continue to buy!
do just what they are suppose to :). fast shipping
Works very well, been using them alternating with the name brand. ***********
Really reduces joint pain by lowering inflammation and as far as I can tell it has helped lower my blood pressure by a few mmHg on top of the other supplements I take. All in all a quality product and I would purchase again.
Great brushes for cleaning long straws. They work well and I think are a great value.
I've had this for one week and have been really happy with the functionality and look!
This tape is nice and light, therefore, you can use it knowing that your skin will be able to breathe. The different colors in this pack is a nice bonus, too.
Excellent product ! The heat setting give you grest control and the size is awesome
This product showed up in 1 day, and the smell is lovely.
I'm glad that I switch brand. A lot less pills to take with the high dosages and combined vitamins.
Just started using this product but the ingredients are pure and this is as good as it gets. Really liked the follow up email with suggested use and recommendations
This posture corrector is easy to use and can be adjusted easily based on your body size. The reason I buy it is to protect myself from slouching and keep myself with good posture. I wear it sometime in the office and put it on my office desk, whenever I see it I straight up my back immediately.
5 star product. If you are looking to add some more "O" in the bedroom, get this little toy now!!! She will love it.
I got this for my husband who has trouble sleeping due to joint pain. Seems to be working perfectly!
Probably one of the best product I've ever bought for a rash my poor little babies butt
Useful.. It helps you a lot. My husband uses it and he's very pleased with it.
Love these mints, they are tasty and are a great after lunch pick me up at the office!
Only diaper we will use but expensive.
Really like it!!! Perfect size and angles for your face and body definitely recommend it, great price!!
I feel better than I did on my last multivitamin. My thoughts seem to be sharper!
Absolutely love this heating pad. I take it ti work with me and strap it on the back of my chair. It not only helps my back but it also keeps me warm. It is a very versatile heating pad. It is not bulky or stiff like some heating pads. I highly recommend this heating pad.
I have to use 2x .1 in morning 1 at night. Zero night sweats when I take 2.
I use them because I was getting chemo, and needed to be careful - since my immune system was compromised.
Have used this for years. Better than all the rest..
it works! Sleeping soundly despite foot neuropathy, that has caused tingling at night and was keeping me awake. It's needed for so many other body functions too.
I wear these each night when I settle to watch TV and I wear them in bed. They are easy to put on and seem to be very effective in straightening my foot. My toes can certainly move more freely to look straighter already so I'm hopeful this will resolve my bunion problem!
Excellent product equivalent to one I purchased from my dentist a few years ago, at significant savings. One suggestion, don't use very hot water on it as it will lose its shape. Clean with a mixture of baking soda and water.
Louder than my plug in full sized one. Got about two nights (24 hours total) use with full charge.
Works as described. I was hoping for good results since I have tried just about everything. Well this did the trick not to mention great for a back rub as well ! Would recommend to a friend!
The best memory product I've found, it really works!
perfect for airline travel on chemotherapy!
I have a very bad back and this is exactly what I needed for sweeping the floors. It is very well made and has a nice comb in the dustpan to clean the broom bristles off. Very happy with the quality!!
Good service and fast shipping. a++
DHT Blocker seemed to make my hair less prone to falling out. Overall good product.
Received my order quickly! Good deal on this order! Always glad to save money. Thanks again for your great service!
My energy levels have increased dramatically. By staying active all day, my mood and sleeping patterns have also changed. I'm able to sleep better and I can honestly say that this pill has helped with my overall performance.
Fast shipping. Looking forward to trying this product.
They have stopped selling this powder at my local stores and I found it here! This particular sent is not my favorite the pink bottle smells the best but they both work great at keeping you dry. I wish I could find the other scent on here 😥
This is great if you want the benefits of cinnamon without needing to blend it into a shake or smoothie (like I used to do...hated the taste combinations sometimes). The ingredients are organic, nothing unnatural here. The pills are easy to swallow, and it recommends you take 2 but I do just 1 since I am very petite and it works just fine for me!
I love this product! It is a great addition to my smoothies. It tastes good and it dissolves well. Beets really help with my menstrual cramps. And since I don't always want to consume a whole bunch of beets, this is a terrific alternative. Another great product from Nutra Champs!
These bags are exactly what I was hoping for. I love the variety of colors and match perfectly to some new ribbon that I purchased. They are very sturdy and quality bags. They will work perfectly for the gifts I'm giving to my fellow employees.
This stuff is amazing. I was using harmful chemical filled stuff before on my baby and her nose and cheeks were still red all the time. I use many other earth mama products so when I saw this I knew it would be good. My babies face is no longer red and chapped. A little goes a long way so it should last a long time!
This is good stuff! Works well, I use it for canker sores and I double the dose but it clears them up in just a few days! Its good quality
Great quality and value.
Exactly what I needed and expected
These gel-ice packs are great. They hold the cold for a long time.
The accessories that came with it. Sturdy and easy to carry. Reiki table
I only use these trash bags due to stretching to fit trash can and odor blocking. Worth it.
Buying more right away! Don't want to be without
Finally, a Vitamin C that doesn't cause gastrointestinal distress. I'm on my 3rd bottle and will continue to purchase.
So glad this is a set! Fits snuggly. Virtually mess free! Clean with warm water and reinsert, every 8-12 hours. I'm a mom of 3, and constantly moving! Love it!
There is not much they can mess up here. I never get fishy burps and this is the best deal on fish oil that is good quality.
Product really works
Great powder. Quality ingredients and decent taste. You get a lot of collagen and MCT per serving. Mixes easy. Definitely recommend.
My husband originally purchased this from a drugstore for an insane amount of money. After some amazon research I found the same product for a killer price!! Literally cannot beat the deal you get for a 2pk of this amazing product. It hugs all the places in between my teeth that I usually miss.
works well and tastes great.
I've tried lots of expensive vitamins. Best for energy I've ever used!
Lightweight and very effective. Good product. Easy to use!
Great price, got the job done!
Great product great price
I got this game to spark our relationship. We get so busy with life, we forget to slow down and enjoy each other. I'm bringing date nights back! This game is so fun and exciting. It's nice to have that dedicated time for each other to connect. Would make a great gift for your partner or any couple.
For the price, I was concerned these would be bad quality. I was wrong! They work great and the long cord is so handy.
Works very quietly & efficiently. Must follow daily & weekly maintenance schedule as directed. Raised humidity level in the room from 16% to 30% on a low setting.
I normally don't write reviews but this ice pack is the best one I've ever tried . I've been using it for my neck and shoulders in 20 min intervals and it's still ice cold 2 hours later. Very flexible, soft gel like material . The ice pack is a bit heavier then other ice packs but I think that's why it stays cold so long . If you're looking for something that actually stays cold longer then 10 minutes and stays in place , this is it.
These earplugs are the best! They block out all those annoying sounds that can keep you from getting a good night's rest.
I have used this for my cat, who had surgery. Protected our furniture and absorbs wonderfully!
Highly recommended. I had a horrid allergic skin reaction that featured intense itching and stinging; this is the only thing that would quiet it. Allergy/antihistamine pills and creams did nothing.
Amazing for potty training and TOTALLY WORKS!!! Buying another so I have a spare!
I found this quiet surprisingly work well.
Okay this is my new best friend LOL. I like the fact that it's waterproof. Also there are no cords hanging off of it so I can take it anywhere even if I travel. I like that the settings can go from light to intense and it has different patterns on it. It's not super loud and it doesn't irritate my skin. It's easy to rinse off and it gets me where I need to go
So far is working great I think I will keep up with it
I really like the flavor of these. They also worked great. I took several before a job interview and they really helped calm my nerves.
I am so glad I ordered these! They fit great around my farm sink and was able to get the sink tools off my counter.
This vitamin has so many benefits its tough to pick which one i benefited from most but it definitely helped with my cold sores. I use to get them all the time and haven't gotten any since taking this daily. Highly recommend!
Bought it for my dad since mom always complained on his snoring. Next morning she called me and said it was as much better. Glad to help them !
Came on fine and works great. No complaints
All of the above. I purchased it for a relative that will be visiting my home in a few weeks and who needs help getting up from a toilet. I put it together and won't be taking it down for a while. It is not in the way and is actually helping me because of a tear in a knee ligament.
Very Nice Product. Note That It Comes With Removable Liner Inserts When Choosing Size.
just like they advertised smells great
My wife wanted to try these to deal with bladder control and other problems associated with maturing. She reports that the silicone is very soft and, at the lowest weight, not uncomfortable. She had never done kegel exercises before, but the instructions were very clear and she had no difficulty. After a week she has already noticed some improvement.
Love this brand in chewables, powder, any way that it comes!
Great product it really helps me to keep my blood sugar under control.
I really like my foot massager. I use it every night after I get ready to go to bed. Sure makes my feet feel good and restful. If it wasn't for this my feet would hurt all night and would not be able to sleep . I love my unit.
Works pretty good if wound is recent
Love these, amazing energy, already ordered more
Works great for larger cuts and abrasions sticks very well just make sure if you're using an ointment to keep the area where the adhesive will be super clean and dry, it will not stick to skin if even a small amount of ointment is left over
I haven't been using this product for too long but so far I like it. It makes my lashes feel stronger and when I take of my mascara, I notice less fall out. I'm going to wait at least three months to see how much growth I can get, but so far, I really like this product.
Best for babies. Thanks!
I am a long term customer. Excellent products and very good service. Looking forward to do business with you in the future. Keep it up guys.
Love this car seat cover with heat and massage Great for long car trips, or after a gym workout
This is the best wrist/thumb brace that I have ever had. It prevents the movement between the thumb and index finger and it minimizes the palm from bending just like the product description. I am now able to grab and turn the door knob, wash dishes and do chores around the house with this brace. I recommend this product to anyone who is suffering wrist and thumb pain.
My mom always told me shoulders back and chin up. This makes your shoulders back . I never realized how my posture had changed over the years . This helps you hold up and back where you should be . It's a great tool to train yourself back to correct posture .
I have used a couple of the powdered MCT oils and this is the best bang for the buck. It mixes well and has no taste so you can put it in anything. Adds some extra energy to anything without the oily mess.
These are some of the best hemp gummies I have had. Great for pain relief and anxiety. Also great sleep aid at higher doses. Will be buying again
This tea is extraordinary.
Wow. That's literally the word that came out of my mouth when I first used it. This is a very fun little toy that definitely exceeded my expectations. The feel of it is great--smooth and soft to the touch. I love that it's waterproof, as I took a shower yesterday and just decided to test it out in there. I have to say, I took the longest shower of my life because I was simply enjoying it so much. I was in there for forty minutes, the majority of the time was spend simple standing, washing myself slowly, while playing around with the levels of vibration intensity. And that's something I definitely love, the different levels. They vary in vibration patterns, as another reviewer mentioned, and I adore that. The fit of this thing is perfect--any bigger and it wouldn't be as comfortable to just wear while walking or going places. The sound is not loud either, so you don't have to worry about anyone noticing. And let's just say that my boyfriend was very happy and had a good time when I gave him the remote.
I really liked this balloon beautiful color. Great size easy to inflate and stayed inflated
Great pricing and timely shipping. My local walmart no longer carries this product and Amazon is an excellent value.
Nice for post op exercise
I use these along with ear phones because me and my husband works different shifts. They're so comfortable and keeps ALL of the light out! The other pair i keep in my carry on. I recommend. Can't beat 2 for the price of 1!
This product is amazing! I was drinking everyday and couldn't go a night without. I received this on Sunday and started taking it as directed. I am on my 4th day without a drink. I didn't think this was possible for me.
Love this product. I'm looking forward to trying other items by Nature Wise. But finally I found a natural product to help me sleep. My insomnia is brutal for years and now I'm actually feeling tired 20-30 min. Post taking this. And I'm literally sleeping (I haven't dreamt in a long time) now I do. I'm truly loving this product.
I purchased this for my aunt who experienced severe body ache due to her sickness. Very high & durable product. Helped to generate the blood flow. Pocket size, easy to carry around.
Nice metal tray, looks nice and does the job
Easy product to take and definitely helps with my sugar cravings!!
So...I was scared. Nervous and uncomfortable with this idea. But friends were so happy with the Saalt cup, I decided to be a grown up and try it. And it's a game changer! Oh how i wish I would have found this so many years ago. It's not scary. Takes some practice but I'll never go back. Now I'm the one trying to convince friends to try Saalt.
Great product! Used for an eye infection and a cold. Worked really well and now I take daily as a preventative measure.
Very useful and clean. Easy to clean and use. It's also light and small. Very easy to hold works very well.
Definitely can feel them working and have noticed a difference
I am using Penetrex for the relief of inflammation in my joints. It has only been nine days from the beginning of use until now and I seem to be getting some relief, it is just too early to be sure of the full effect.
This is the best spray to clean windows with. Easy to use, streak free.
Love this pill tower! It is sleek, fun to use and extremely affordable! It fits all my prescription medications and most of my supplements. I love the compact compartments and the vibrant colors of the week. I have had so many medication holders and none can even compare to this user-friendly pill tower. Great product!!! A must buy for all.
NO PROBLEM , GREAT PROUDUCT ...
I am very impressed by this new case. I have a lot of EO and plan on ordering more. This is a very nice looking case and arrived in a very timely manner.
Never used one before, but I liked the look of this one and figured why not. Turns out, it works great and I love it! I already had peppermint oil, but I also purchased an oil gift set and the aromas I have to choose from are awesome.
This product does what it says
I started with Gold Standard and keep straying away for different flavors but nothing beats the gold standard. This is the only protein that actually mixes well, I don't even need a shaker ball. The flavor is awesome. The ingredients are clean, you can even get the Natural version. Best protein ever!
Good product.Fast shipment.
With Chronic Back Pain, I have a habit of slouching. This is a great product to keep me from doing so.
I have used the "generic" needles, but I will always come back to BD. They are not thin, and are suggested by my medical team over seas. They cost a little more, but are well worth it. I do not toss after each injection because I have found that these last up to three uses. So bang for buck with me. I get more use, and just feel better using these. I am NOT a medical professional, but I have had Type 1 Diabetes for almost 34 years now. Will NEVER use anything but BD
I have been wanting my wife to get one for a while. There has been a noticeable difference since she started using it.
My husband really like the firmness and quality of this wrist support. It gives strong support to his wrist.
I like these insoles, the high lifting heels make me taller for sure and also look natural in my shoes. Though it's kind of hard to get used to them at first, but after I get a feel for them, they are fine. Wearing it for long hours may hurt your feet but I didn't feel too bad. I'm glad to have bought this product , and I'll buy more.
This is just perfect. It's one of those purchaes you don't ever want to make, but... My Mother's favourite color was pink, so I waited until I saw a pink urn. It's fairly heavy for the size. It holds about 3 tablespoons.
Works really good to clear out sinuses.
The whole process was easy. I had my guard within a few days of mailing it in and I love it.
Seriously blown away by this product! I've tried the cups before but would still leak on my heavy days and was uncomfortable. So I thought I'd try the discs as a last resort before I went back to tampons. These are a game changer! First time I tried inserted it I thought there was no way it was that easy and just didn't feel like it was in correctly because it says to tuck it under your pubic bone. But I left it in and went about my day and checked for leakage every hour or so because I just couldn't believe a product actually could work that well! This will save me a lot of money and a lot of stress.
Absolutely love it! Love it so much that I bought a second one. Now I have one for work and one for home.
I tried another brand for more than a year and it upset my stomach. I wanted to try it again because my aches got worse. I decided to switch it up. This brand does not upset my stomach when taken with food. It has been a great product for me. It reduced the stiffness in my joints, my pain, and the swelling in my back and knees. Not to mention it also alleviated the nerve pain I've been feeling in my feet for over 20 years.
This is a great transfer belt. I really like the many loops, enabling me to assist my husband from all sides. My husband is quite small and I wish there were some way to shorten the belt without losing the finished end.
my husband and I use this daily. After just a couple weeks I could tell the difference in the dryness of my eyes. I would buy this again.
These were so helpful at my sons birthday party making slime. I also received a comment from one of the boys who said he liked these gloves because they actually fit him. I was able to avoid stained and slimy hands and many hand washes from little boys. Time saver worth the money.
Outstanding product. For its potency, a true bargain. A couple of tiny drops are all that's needed to perfume a pot of black tea. Any more and the flavor becomes overpowering. For a single cup, a droplet will do. The dispenser makes it easy to dispense a drop at a time. I can't imagine going back to pre-made Earl Grey after this, unless in a pinch. I'll definitely be re-ordering this. Message to the manufacturers: DON'T CHANGE IT!!!!!!!
Dentist recommended this for my husband who has gum disease. He uses it ever time he showers and it has made a big difference in his recent checkup
Good and heathy protein, I use it as a breakfast replacement with almond milk, chia seeds, half banana and berries. It's good.
There is no after-taste and though I don't feel any differently, I know this Is good for me!
I ordered this for my baby, but I use it every night too. I like it better than the adult daily moisturizing lotion. It absorbs quickly and is not greasy.
Eye doctor recommended.
These wipes are the equivalent to the more expensive name brands.
Helped ease long term tailbone pain when used daily
Excellent product, recommended 100% !!
A replacement Filter comes in handy!!!!
Quick acting excellent pain relief using very few drops.
The peppermint flavor is pleasant, not sweet. I'm sleeping better and feeling less pain, and taking it twice a day is much easier than taking pills for pain.
This stuff is AMAZING! It does exactly what it is supposed to do. Takes away the aches and pains. Wonderful!!!!!
This product does seem to work, my breakage is way less and I'm almost done with the bottle. Planning to buy another soon.
Great product! I bought 2 for gifts.
Love how the machine is compact and easy to use.
the best trimmer i've bought in a long time! i've started using this and its such and amazing shave! Very easy to use and clean! Might i add the battery last for a very long time! once you buy this trimmer you wont buy any other one!
great stress and anxiety relief, good for chronic pain as well.
I'm upgrading from my very old back massager, the one where you have it on the floor and you directly on it. This is a much bigger improvement as I'm able to adjust the exact location I need kneading from the massager. I'm able to navigate the device from my next to my back effectively with the dedicated handles. The device does have to be plugged in while in use though. It's unfortunate that it is not battery powered for mobility.
This cream works great. Helps with many irritation issues.
I just wish one pump didn't dispense so much soap, but the smell is very nice. We love the fragrance of rosemary.
We love these! Super tasty (had to try in order to get my 3 yr old to eat one!) Helping keep her immune boosted!
Love the pomegranate complex. I seem to have more energy and less inflamed joints. With dementia in my family I am trying whatever helps
Seemed to soothe my toddler's arms and legs. He asks to put them on. Very lightweight and soft.
Great size and they work great.
I have only been using the product for a couple of weeks but my nails are looking better. I know that this kind of thing takes quite some time to work so I am encouraged that it seems to be helping with the fungus in my nails
I really liked the product big difference in my nails very firm hair not shedding any longer I will continue to buy
This was the best value I could find and it works on warding off UTI's that I seem to get if I don't use it.
So far so good this has been amazing
I was feeling so exhausted and barely had enough energy to make it through the day. After taking Adrenal Health for a few days, I started to feel better and had a lot more energy. I take it in the evening and I think it helps me sleep too.
It's working very well for me. I'm breaking them in half. My sleep cycle is getting established and I'm so grateful for that after months of insomnia.
Best ankle brace if you're recovering from injury. I play competitive Basketball and this ankle feels like it's built with so much details in mind to keep your ankle safe with all the support you need without compromising on movement.
The scrub is as good as any expensive type I've tried and a fraction of the cost! Looked at several drug stores and never have found so Amazon it is! (Fine by me!) The chapstick is very hydrating and was quickly was confiscated by my teenager to replace her fancy egg-shaped on she ‘just had to have.'
This scale is great. I love all the different analytics in the app. My old scale had body fat percentage but only right on the scale, I like that this one has the app to be able to track it all. I'm currently 3 months postpartum and working on losing the baby weight so this is super helpful.
There was an issue with the shipping company and this seller made everything right. Great customer service
Price is less than in local stores. Have used this for years and find it valuable in older years.
I sleep so much better with my head elevated and this wedge pillow is just the right thing. It's large enough that I can lay with my back and shoulders on the lower part of the wedge and my head near the top. That makes it very comfortable. I had a smaller wedge pillow that was a little shorter and a little lower and it did not sleep nearly as well.
I love the taste. I've tried some other brands and those taste chalky. This one taste really good.
Put these in the laser tag guns still working great price
Excellent Quality. Good Flavor.
The fact that there is no GMO. It's pure and clean of sugars, soy and dairy. Love the energy boost.
This hand held massager is so nice. Love all the attachments great battery life and like all the different attachments holds a great charge used for some muscle pain and went away great massager
Great product and people are very sweet to send personal note and make sure you're happy and if there's anything you need.
5 stars love it. Love how it keeps me up all night tossing and turning and restless. I wake up so tired that when I show up late for work they think I have the flu and send me home. Then my teammate partners have to pick up double the work while I get a free day off and get paid to boot! 5 Star Rating : )
The very very best!!! Been through Pampers, Honest, Amazon, Kirkland (Costco) and will only use Huggies!
These arrived beautifully packaged and I cannot wait to use them in my next bath! Each and every one smells so good and underneath the colorful paper they are wrapped in another layer of plastic. They would be a great gift for someone or even yourself.
Convenient to use. Warm and doing massage to eyes gently. Can be charged easily.
These are great for pet hair, they pick up like a magnet. The only thing I should have looked at is the size. I end up using two on my swifter because these are half the size of the sweeper I have. I still use them and they are great. I'll order a larger size next time.
Fits our oblong toilet and does the job. Sturdy construction. It is very nice to be able to add more warm water as needed. Excess water drains into the toilet out the back of the device so no water on the floor. Easy to clean and sterilize after use. Perfect solution for post hemorrhoid surgery therapy.
These are super cool. The clamps themselves have tighteners. This is great for beginners. It makes it so the clamp isn't as tight. Comes in a cute little bag so you can store in a drawer and no one knows what it is!
As long as you use it consistently, I think this product works. It took about 4 weeks before I noticed a difference. Top picture is before, and the bottom is after use.
Great product just like all the earth mama baby products. I love the fact that the ingredients are plant based and natural.
Using this at nighttime keeps me from having leg cramps, and it tastes good too.
I've been dealing with irritable bowel syndrome, and have taken this daily for about 2 months. One eye dropper full twice a day. My issue is almost completely gone. I recommend trying this.
I love this heating pad easy to use and clean and heat up really easy
We use it everywhere we go. We have a Motorhome and put it in the basement and take it out when we get to where we are going. Great transportation.
Used for postpartum recovery. Tip:don't overuse this on your lady parts. If you no longer need the antibacterial properties and just need a numbing spray, get a different product. I ended up giving myself BV because I killed off the good bacteria in addition to the bad.
Love this! I need the am and pm to separate my pills. It is great so if I question myself like I always do. I can check to make sure, so i don't take it twice!
This is my absolute favorite purple hair dye. I find myself only having to touch it up maybe once a month and if I don't, it fades to a nice lavender color. This last so much longer than arctic Fox's purple dyes
This is my third time ordering Molly's Suds. I really like the product and think does a great job cleaning my clothes.The ingredients are good. It's a clean and safe laundry powder. I avoid using any product that might be harmful to my family or the environment, and this fits the bill. The bag lasts a long time. I also use white vinegar instead of regular softener and wool balls instead of dryer sheets.
Nice quality and very detailed instructions. Would definitely purchase again.
Is the same product, good for everything
I have just recently started taking Synthroid and i knew it was not enough. I have been looking for a supplement that contained a natural iodine and not a chemical one. this one seems to fit the bill. It was easy to swallow and i have had no issues with it. Two weeks into it and I am seeing a difference. At the 30 day mark I am expecting great things if this keeps up. You need to take them as directed for the best results.
Make you feel like a million bucks!
This broom and dust pan came in a small box in about 12 pieces. It took me forever to put the thing together but once it was put together it works great. It's heave duty yes small enough to store in coat closet.
I am new to the world of essential oils, and I needed a box to hold my growing collection of little oil bottles, as well as roller bottles and misc other items. I love this wooden box, because it is simple, nice size, sturdy and holds a lot. The closing mechanism holds tight, but opens easily. The unstained wood goes with any decor, and looks nice sitting on a bookshelf, or table. For $20, this is a great buy, one that would make a nice gift for anyone who is just starting to their collection of essential oils. Thank you for a great product! Oh, and the shipping was fast, and the product was packed well. I would but this item again.
This was easy to operate. Tried on multiple party goers. Seems very accurate as looking as battery is charged.
Feel the difference the minute you take it. Very fast absorption and doesn't cause stomach issues.
Works great! I got sick of going to the doctor and spending $30 every other month to get my earwax removed from impacted ears! I soften up my earwax with hydrogen peroxide, then i blast it with this syringe and it just comes flying out of my ear, it doesnt hurt at all, in fact it tickles.
It keeps me satisfied i love it.You wont be disappointed
I've been dealing with intense arch pain this past year (when I rub my feet there's a noticeable crinkling/popping in the tendons.) I decided to give this a try and i'm So glad I did! I work on my feet and this has really helped decrease the intensity of my foot pain. Highly recommended.
it stays cold for a few hours.
Been wearing it for 2 nights now and I feel significant pain reduction on my foot! Love love it! To make it more comfortable, I do wear the compression socks that came with it under the night splint. Very happy with the purchase
Perfect for my vape pen, cores and tubes of fluid Exactly what I was looking for and exactly what was delivered. :)
I have osteo arthritic problems with my lower back and this support makes me much more comfortable and enables greater freedom of movement. Customer support is excellent.
It does what it's supposed to do. It arrived on the promised date. I would buy again.
Works great, easily charged. Tons of settings perfect for what you may desire.
All as promised and on time. Tough to find the non-foaming in the store, but this is what my wife likes.
It have a Vibration inside this thing lol it's really good item I like it
Leaves a person salty but takes care of the spasm.
Thank you for your prompt service
I have short hair, 1-3 inch and this holds very good with minimum amount of gel. Took me a while to determine how little gel was required. It does't irritate my scalp or smell. I am an old grouch and this stuff works:)
I did not like the amount of pills that is recommended to take but after getting used to taking them in my routine of the day I was amazed about how well they worked. I did not have any increased heart rate or energy bursts and it took about 1/2 of the bottle until I noticed a difference in my appetite. I am very satisfied with this product.
Really happy with this my neck is not so sore.
Love sandalwood and had not been able to use it recently in my soapmaking, as the expense was just so high. I have not made soap with this yet, but out of the bottle this has a very nice smell and none of the chemical/gas smell that a lot of less expensive essential oils have.
Great box to store all of my oils. Quality is good.
The best lip balm around.
These foam tubes work perfectly to build up pens/pencils, handles on utensils, etc to make grasping easier. They were delivered very quickly, and are so easy to cut to size. I will definitely order again.
Works great at keeping my 6 pack lunchbox cold for at least 8 hours. I wouldn't push it too far past 8 though.
I was very happy to find this form and high dose glutathione. I've been having some immune issues...and also want to ramp up the anti-aging nutrients - and this is a powerhouse! I know I won't always "feel" the difference right away, but I know this is making a difference on a cellular level. Pricing is great also!
The item was delivered on time and is working great!
I bought my first Tanita 25 years ago. It just recently passed away. This one is accurate, at least the weight part. Body Fat % seems accurate. All at a great price.
These diapers are very good elastic waist for baby more room to grow. Very absorbant. Just as good as pampers .
I love this contact lens solution and have been using it for years. I haven't been able to find it in stores. I tried a few other brands, and got itchy red eyes from those. I'm so thankful that this lens solution is available on Amazon.
This product is great works magic in new scars & healing scratches fast & with minimum to no scarring. Great for minimizing new scars & eliminating the appearance of old scars! This is my first time purchasing but will continue to buy some more int he future. I was worried about the small tube it comes from but just a dab of it takes care of a lot! Thanks!
Love them, so light weighted.
Got it for my wife. She had supply issues. This helped her to boost supply. We buy 1 every month. Good Stuff!!
Worded good soft , very pleased with them.
I like the scent and it has helped control perspiration and odor. I've been looking for an aluminum free option and this is it!
This cane was exactly as described and showed up per the delivery guarantee. Great seller and product.
Item arrived on time and in excellent condition as described. Quick shipping & batteries last!!
This product is awesome, I love this live and price is best I have found
Perfect 👌 Performed exactly as described.
Great on dark clothes- less lint and pet hair stuck on clothes.
Excellent product, it really helps my wife to get the support she needs for her lower back.
Perfect will buy again. I love this item and how. Quickly it came
I tried many kinds of cock rings, but I like cock rings of Paloqueth the most because of its price and quality. Many other stores sell cock rings with the same quality, but more expensive than this shop. The rings are made of clean and flexible rubber. They are not too tight to annoy you but are enough to ensure your game lasts.
It was nice but did not fit my wrist, my wrist is very small and there was too much fabric for me.
It's beautiful, and the quality is very good.
The quality was amazing. I am so impressed that i will be ordering again. Well packaged and shipped super quick!!!
I have very high arches, and have started to develop a bunion on one foot. My poor foot would be in constant pain if my shoes didn't have support, but if I wear these - NO PAIN! I prefer to wear over a sock since I have sweaty feet. But now I can wear my chucks and cute boots with no fear.
In love with this humidifier! Bought it originally because I was sick, but found it worked wonders in my dorm room because it's so dry. I would recommend using it with the vape pads when you are sick and just with water to decrease dryness in the room.
I bought this as a gift, and the recipient loves it.
I've only used the nail cleaning tool, that big "scissor", and the cubicle pusher. It's sturdy when I clip my big toenail and the tools does it's job
This is a nice gentle soap. The size makes it great for our camping trips. It washes off cleanly without residue.
I feel it is accurate. I have a very normal blood pressure. Just make sure when using it you don't move and stay calm and quite. It tells you to do that in all the directions. When I did that it was good and if I moved it's not accurate, which is expected because even doctors tell you to be still and not talk or move.
I was excited to try this product especially with all the natural ingredients. The taste was fine, you can put in a drink if you want to. I am excited to see the continued benefits. Highly recommend product.
Great high quality protein powder!
Great product. Works as advertised and I was pleased with the product and the seller.
Great product and size .. a little goes along way with this essential oil
I enjoy both of these oils, separately and together. I use the lavender with peppermint at bedtime. This is my favorite essential oil brand.
I absolutely love this tea! It completely relaxes me allowing me to sleep. I wake up refreshed not groggy. And I do not feel like its a drug I need. I can not express enough how this tea calms me after a long stressful day. It calms my mind and my anxiety.
Hubby and I both use it. He uses it for his knees and hands. I use it for my arm and sometimes my thumbs. Helps with the pain for both of us! We are ordering another one for a friend, not in good health at all, to try! Not greasy!
I love these filters to use with our Vicks humidifier. After a few uses they begin to show bacteria. SO... We make them last even longer by drizzling one side with dish soap (any anti bacterial brand) and soak it in hot water, every night for about 30mins to an hour. After 14 days of continual usage and nightly soaks, the filter looks just as clean as it did the day out of the package. Use this method and make these filters last!
Good flavor. Seems to be a decent protein. Highly recommend.
This makes it easy to take pills as you can take morning pills without having evening pills fall out. I recommend this pill organizer. It is handy with the carrying case.
Works really well. The apps tracks all the record is nice. Easy to use.
This stuff makes you sweat and your heart beat faster for sure. If you're not used to caffiene and energy drinks do two pills first, not a full serving. I used to game professionally so I have a pretty high tolerance. My girlfriend, who only drinks a couple of cups of coffee, said she felt like she was vibrating and he eyes were twitching she was so amped. Careful! Haha.
Everything was as said!
Yep just like the real thing, fully functional brand name batteries!
Product came fully assembled, i use it on my office chair. My wife and I take turns and we both love this product. Very well made I could not be happier.
Past two deliveries were the new and "improved" wipes. Had to discontinue monthly delivery due to their strong chemical smell which is absent in the original wipes. Hopefully they redo their formula because these new ones are way too smelly.
This is really nice since I have to travel often on the job. Hotels are consistently dry and this humidifier takes up ALMOST NO ROOM in my suitcase. It comes with several straws (2 different sizes) to fit in different sized bottles, and yes that includes the tiny bottles of water you get in Las Vegas hotels. I just sit this next to my bedside nightstand and my nostrils can relax from all that dry Vegas weather. Now please note, this is not a full sized humidifier so it's not designed to humidify the whole room, just very local area.....like next your bed in my case.
I have not always had the easiest time finding supplies for the True Track. Glad to get these.
Great unit and conveniently able to break down for travel.
Shipping was very slow.
I am on the Keto diet and decided to add this to my arsenal for a better effect in the weight loss. I have had these since February 25 and it's March 10th today. So far so good.
Very practical to have and great if you want to sleep somewhere noisy. It's also easy to hang and carry around with you.
daughter loves these
Love these, wanted to get away from plastic straws and found these on Amazon. Great assortment (short, tall, bent, straight), silicone tips are a nice bonus, cleaning wands work great. I put the angled ones in the dishwasher and they don't fall through the silverware holder. I've not had any issues with metal taste, these are working out great.
These glasses really work. I used to toss and turn for hours and now I go to sleep quickly. I have bought them for several other people
very relaxing, even if you don't have a headache
Very nice, and masculine looking! This one was for my husbands office and I wanted one to look masculine for him! I was actually surprised at how well it fit into the professional look of his office! Doesn't stand out, yet if you notice it on, it just looks classy. There is a rim of light that separates the black from the wood grain which only adds to the look! If you are looking for an aromatherapy oil diffuser that has a touch of masculine, I definitely recommend this one!
This product is so good. I sit in front of my computer almost whole day to work, and months ago I started to feel pain of my shoulder, so I have been looking for a massage machine and I picked this one. It does exactly what I expected.
This product was of high quality for a reasonable price.
This probiotic tastes delicious and it has definitely helped me stay regular, I've been taking 2 a day for two weeks now
This product is part of my son's non traditional cancer treatment. We mix it with smoothies so there is no taste really. It is a very good price.
Since I started this product I definitely feel a difference in my body I feel stronger I feel more alert my muscles are less sore after my intense work. Want to keep trying it for a 3rd time
Brushes work as depicted and advertised by the seller.
Bottle was delivered on time and has really good strength
Used during yellow pollen season in south east. Avoided getting a sinus infection this year with these. Worth the price since i only need 4-6 weeks.
Nice design, very comfortable to use. It has good padding. Perfect to use it on the plane or just to block the light to take nap.
A need to have if you have to carry an epi-pen.
Son had bad cough in boot camp. Sent these and stopped the issue. He said great flavor as well
Good product really helped 37 weeks and still coming in handy, annoying to be taking off and putting on is my only complaint.
I take this everywhere, and it holds up!
Dissolves quickly. No after taste
It works well and it's easy to clean.
I have used this product for years! I have no complaints about it! It is a quality product 👍
We are really enjoying our purchase, thank you very much!
The taste isn't the best but to be expected with this type of product. But definitely started feeling better after regular use to help maintain a healthy balance.
As expected. Works much better than the crappy ones that come with infant medication.
Yeast attacks used to be a regular thing. Not so after continued use of Candida Support. Its been months since an attack
Really works! Pain free!
It seems to be helping my leg cramps & my blood pressure readings are lower too.
After falling a couple times during a basketball game I noticed pain on my right wrist (shooting hand). I've been using this as my wrist heals and the pain is greatly minimized. The Velcro strap combination works great while holding the brace in place and applying as much compression as you'd like. I am able to put in on an off by myself. The words came off on the outside and a few threads started breaking off after several weeks but about almost 3 months of use (3 times a week basketball and weightlifting ) It still works great.
That's the same stuff I get at the store. I use it to boost my immune during allergy season. Little to no garlic breath.
Item exactly as pictured. Love the scent of this. Cleans well with being sticky or leaving a tacky residue.
Great product! Took care of my foot pain.
I have used this product for 3 years and absolutely love it. It has been amazing for my stomach, joints, hair, nails and skin. I tell everyone who comments on my skin, hair or nails. My friends who use it love it. I even convinced my 33 year old daughter to try it. She loves it too
It peels off your skin very easily.
Quick delivery. Appears high quality
Not as good as other off brands. Flavor is fair. It's a great price, but I've found better alternatives
These bunion relief sleeves are a great product if you suffer from toe pain. They easily slip right over your feet. The gel pad really helps to cushion the toe area. I am very satisfied with my purchase and would recommend
Great stuff!!! useful and nice!
I seriously love these. So decadent!
These washable pads work really great. They wash nicely in the washer and air dry quickly. I also wash them under hot running water and reuse a couple of times before putting them in the washer. Not recommended to put them in the dryer. A super money saver instead of throw away pads and they are made well.
Wonderful gadget in the sprayer, but also the convenience of using without the mister.
I have been dealing with hip pain off and on for years. I rub this cream in at night when I go to bed the pain either goes away or is diminished to a level where I can get a better nights sleep. It really works. Not sure how or why, but it REALLY works.
I love this thing. Heats up really fast, and the highest setting is a bit too hot for me but it definitely works! I love that it's machine washable too.
The massage is just right. Put it on a chair in the office. Relax during your lunch break.
These things are amazing I have a beagle and a yellow lab and have always had problems with dog hair on dark clothing. I used these balls and spotless no lent no nothing. I also have one of those comforters from Walmart that are kind of not very soft and Scratchy Over the last six months of use Downy multiple times and it's just never been very soft and it came out absolutely beautiful and nice and soft these things are amazing Also the clothes seem to dry fat much faster
Seems to work with leg cramps, I have not had any since I started.
These test strips do the job. Seem accurate as far as I can tell. The thing I like best is the price. I guess they can be so cheap because they're cut really skinny, but they're still perfectly readable.
I used to have to get up every 20 - 40 minutes to use the bathroom at night. I was EXHAUSTED. So I figured I'd give this a try. With my especially tough situation, it took awhile to work, but now I'm finally getting some much needed sleep. Highly recommended.
PREMIUM Horny Goat Weed Extract supports my strength training regimen by improving energy and focus. This high quality and well formulated supplement also assists in recovery from strenuous workouts. And it's a great value!
This product really has the taste of coffee. I like it and the amount of protein is ideal.
The best about it is its features. Modern, Digital and Non invasive. Color too is pretty.
Good for my babygirl
These straws were perfect for my end of the year gift to my students. Several different styles of high quality straws were included in a very quick shipment. I will be purchasing these straws again from this seller next year!
I have sever arthritis, the pain in my fingers are better and my legs were always so stiff and it was getting hard to walk, stiffness is now gone.
Good quality caps and packaged very well
This is a great scale. Quick, accurate, and looks great without the need for daily cleaning like most glass scales.
boughT for husband; didn't say pros and/OR cons; I DID NOT USE, so therfore I can't give an honest evaluation
dog with cancer uses this.
it is extremely well built and love the anodized plates, going to be put through the ringer but believe it will work nicely !
My niece has been wanting a fit tracker for a while now and this one is perfect. She loves it.
I busted my knee and needed some to ice it and stay in place
After 7 months of pregnancy with my first, my other maternity belts were not helping with the pelvic floor pressure that I would feel when walking. This band is definitely by far the softest material (so no red marks on my sensitive pregnant belly skin) and the groin straps that connect around the pelvic area make this the best band I have to date. Groin pressure and pain relief at last! Worth every penny! Plus I can continue my workouts without discomfort!
The laundry soap smells wonderful! I would recommend this and their other products to others.
As Described, Delivered On Time, Very Satisfied, Thanks!
I love the softness of these hand towels. I would definitely recommend!
helps my baby sleep through the night.
After getting my first breathalyzer a few years ago, I can't imagine ever going without one again. When I passed my old breathalyzer off to my younger brother, I started shopping around online for a new one and found this. It's definitely more expensive than the last one I got, but when I read about the fuel cell sensor I figured it's worth a little more to get the most accurate unit. The best part is it's even smaller than the last one, so when I go out I can stick it in my pocket without it being obvious. Definitely recommend it!
The Pink Elephant Guess price is right was a hit at the baby shower I hosted for my daughter. The guests were impressed with the card design and how efficient it made the game.
Large capacity -10 pills for me. Tight closure easy to fill. Would buy again
Since this is my first BOB
Wear these running machinery, fit comfortably and work well.
Good for aiding morning fullness from dinner before
For the price, these lint rollers are amazing. I love that it comes with a cover and once removed, it actually picks up a great amount of lint. Will def buy again
Keeps my clothes fresh and makes my house smell good when I do laundry. I keep buying!
Use it in all motel rooms
My favorite brand of dryer sheets, these smell so nice, and remove all static from my clothes in the dryer. I love this item, it's an excellent value.
Love it!! There is just something thrilling about being able to bottom out on such a thick cock. Now I need to step up my game and get to the bottom of the Blackout dildo.
Puts you in a great mood. This stuff is pretty amazing.
This is wonderful and it makes your room smell just like a day spa! It's soothing and relaxing with a lavender top note that does not bother my allergies. Also, the bottle is twice the size of other essential oils I've purchased, which is not really something advertised. Really liking the GuruNanda brand. With this oil, I also mix a few drops of peppermint oil too and that helps if you tend to get a stuffy head at night. The other aroma by this company I have is called Invigorate and it's quite nice too.
Had to get this for my thumb that has arthritis in it. It fits well and not bulky like the others I bought in the stores.
I've been using these for several years to help with an undiagnosed muscle issue. I was getting muscle injuries from nothing basically. These have been a Godsend. I've had no negative side effects and they keep the muscle tightness and injuries to a minimum. This is once of the few herbal companies I buy and recommend because they are high quality and actually do what the herb is suppose to do.
It's great, but I prefer the powder MSM, as it dissolves better. That's just my personal preference.
Excellent product and price
This is my favorite scent. Hope Glade keeps making it. Wish it would last longer then it does.
It installed quickly and is the perfect height because I am disabled
Since this is a completely natural supplement, this helped me maintain my active lifestyle, especially during my daily routine. It is already given that this can assist you in losing weight and to maximize the capacity of the product, better pair it with the right exercises too. Just a friendly reminder, despite its positive effects and safe ingredients, always make sure never to take this on an empty stomach for further health assurance.
product is realistic.It is very huge and weight is very heavy.But the quality is so worth it.
This bottle brush is very useful and convinient specially cleaning tall bottles. With the long handle it makes it more easier to clean hard to reach dirt on bottles.
Perfect size. The gallon bags, I always had to fold over because the were to big. I was wasting space.
It is exactly as it claims. Best thing is the customer service and the follow up!
Good consistency Easy to swallow
Best tasting pre-workout I've tried! Also, it gives me great energy that's lasts my whole workout!
This by far is the best tasting plant protein Shake! This is my go to after gastric bypass surgery. Not too sweet, & easy to digest. Only draw back hard low inventory my subscription did not arrive on time. Delayed shipping.
The central vac in our 15 year old home had become increasingly slow, so I researched the web for suggestions after my other efforts failed (such as holding hand over suction in ten second increments). Learned about these hose sheets, and was skeptical. Tried a wet paper towel with no success, so bought some of these. Ran one of these sheets through each of our four outlets 3-4 times as instructed. I was amazed at all the dirt and dust they collected. The system now runs like new, and I'll use these every month or so now to keep my vacuum system clear. Great find.
This is the second time I ordered this item.
Tastes wonderful, and almost quite sweet. Very thick and creamy texture with milk. Definitely my go-to for casein at the moment.
I have been taking this for a few months, feel more energetic, less sluggish and fewer aches & pains. Highly recommend!!!
Worked great. Just follow the instructions if not it does cause over dryness. Love the product.
Just got my bottle and I am hoping it works. Read all the great reviews
Was having a flu for more than a month... have tried almost everything but didn't really work. Found this product from researching on google, thought could give it a try. and turned out it worked!
Comfortable and very stylish
perfect replacement feet for my shower chair.
Scent not overbearing. Looking forward to using it in my scrubs and serums.
Great, saves me from having to keep a watch on my wrist in labor and delivery.
Quieter mixing balls. Seem durable.
Solid material, suction is strong, easy to clean, good price.
Great quality. Arrived on time.
excellent product, I purchased one for my son and one for my daughter to get them started watching their numbers. I wish the product had a bit bigger screen, I like the light, like the auto eject button, works great uploading to my android phone.
Wife likes it, the remote leaves some to be improved. Low mode is not low enough. It's to loud for public but ok for bedroom. There is no way to tell if you stepped up a notch until the unit finally changes pattern because light on remote doesn't brighten when you push the button. But it is a great way to warm her up or take her over the to if you finished already 😉
This has been a miracle product! After years of trying everything OTC & prescriptive for bloating, this has resolved years of bloating. Within one week of daily use, I had a flat belly and could enjoy foods I had given up for years- thank you !
Works just great for neck pain
I've had good luck with this product in the past and have recommended it to several friends who are also now taking it. I am very pleased with the quality. Also helps with skin allergies. Seems to be well made.
Just right for my 80 year old aunt. It was an excellent birthday gift!
Good for sensitive skin, order early shipping two day always seems to turn into 4 days lately
This is a great charcoal for burning resin. quickly lights and gives out a lasting burn.
These are great for getting rid of a sore throat.
I bought this leg massager for my friend who needs to stand for a while everyday. After using it for a while, she told me that this leg massager makes her relaxed after using it every day. She is very happy with this leg massager and very thankful for my gift.
It works really good. A good tool to keep track of weight and fat. I have to lose more fat and gain more muscles
I like this product because it is concentrated and just takes a little. The instructions are plain and simple. When I need it the kava kava let's me work in a very stressful environment with ease. It takes away that stressful edge without clouding my mental capacities that I need as I work. Thank you Samsara for having this product.
I have plantar fasciitis and these were recommended by my Cleveland clinic podiatrist. They work great and really help . I have them in every pair of shoes I own
I really prefer to use some sort of sanitizing agent in the laundry. Aside from bleach, which can't be used with colors, this is the only such product I'm aware of specifically for killing germs and viruses. My only beef is that the main scent (crisp linen) is over bearing. I can't stand it. I was thrilled to find that there was another scent, and even happier to find it pleasant. Sadly, no one carries the Fresh Blossom, so it was a real plus to find it here on Amazon. It appears that Amazon is no longer offering Fresh Blossom (aside from some third party sellers that want several times the standard price). I'll keep checking back in hopes that it becomes available again. I'd definitely purchase it regularly if I could.
This plantar fasciitis night splint fits the foot very well. It's soft layers add protection yet are very comfortable so you barely notice it's there. The grey ball that comes with this splint is very interesting and works just as described. Whether you are actively injured, sore, or just want to buy something just in case, this night splint is a must-have.
I can't find this brand and aroma in my town and I was thrilled to find it here and what's more, it's a great price!!!
I am very please with this item it fits perfectly and is comfortable enough to wear throughout the day.
Interesting that you are directed to the internet for the instructions on how to unwrap the pillow, get air pumped into it, and how to shape it. It took me a little bit to do all of this, but I love the pillow. It allows me to sit up in bed, if I am watching TV or reading a book. When used horizontally, it helps to elevate my head when I have a head cold. Perfect solution, perfect pillow.
Very comfortable and they have a decent grip on the bottom for wearing with sandals.
Helps with leg cramps
This gets you walking in an upright position. Makes you walk correctly
I like these very much. They help with leaks with my CPAP mask. The price was good. Will order again. I use them usually for 2 nights so I get 2 months out of a pack.
My wife is very happy with the product and the results are amazing. She has noticed a difference in her hair and nails and likes the taste of the powder. Not fishy at all.
Comfortable to rest on, but too hard to sleep on.
I am a believer in this fabulous product. I had the best weekend in years. It really works!!!
This was exactly what I needed, I ordered the medium as I have large calves,it worked great, the foot part is a bit large, I wear a womens size 8, but with the wedge that comes with it - works well
An awesome organic tampon! I found it very easy to open with the tab. They are small enough to fit in any pocket or purse so I love the portable factor. They are comfortable and I had no leaks!
Always the best product. This is my favorite flavor
Easy to use and read!!
I always enjoy a nice foot massage when I travel to China, where massages are very affordable. The cost of massage in America makes it a luxury and rare occasion. I am glad to find this product. It brings comfort and relaxation right to your home. You can enjoy it whenever you need some relief to your sore feet. It also comes with different speed and pressure levels, so different people in your household can adjust to their own like. What a great find! We love it.
I used this for 6 months ... it was the best thing I have ever bought.. I had to have help getting it off and on because the seal was tight but it never leaked..
ordered for my granny she loves it and it helps her feel better
I've been doing ACV for a while now. It's kind of inconvenient but these pills make it easier. No longer mixing the drinks and just taking the pills now. It comes with a good amount and have good health benefits. Excited to have these. They have a little garlic taste but it's not bad at all.
Ive tried many cough products but this is is by far the best especially with the new berry flavor!
This product makes my nails and hair stronger and longer.
I didn't even know I had been battling foot fungus. The callouses just kept going and coming. SO tired this and it took some weeks but it worked. I had been dealing with the condition for years after a visit to get a pedicure for my birthday. Ladies pay attention it's not just dry skin...
Shipped quickly. Packaged well. Works well.
Love that it's waterproof for work that I will be doing in yard
Love these vitamins. They are now easier to swallow.
Works as exactly as I expected but purchased at a much better price than in store.
I was looking for a natural, energy support for my teen gymnast and came across this product. He really likes it and said he didn't get the jitters like the energy drinks he had in the past. He doesn't take this product daily but when he does he says he has increased energy and focus that helps his gymnastics. I am a repeat customer!
Love it. Helped out a lot
Great taste! But please tell me why you are going up on your price!?
They're antihistamines, what's to say. lol
Fast shipping and good product with great price. Thanks!
Better than In store price.
I been taking Genius Muscle Builder for a little less than a month. I was nervous about taking it at first but glad I did! I staked it with Genius Test also! I can tell I am feeling bigger & stronger. I'm a 46 yrs old man & it is really helping me at work as a Scaffold Erector in Alaska! Just Wish the Bottles was Bigger for the Price!
These are beautiful and do their job nicely. I purchased them in order to fill with scentsy samples (either wax or laundry). Not only are they scentsy color but they look good. Makes a sample seem fancy.
Works good for lotions and body butters
thin so isn't good for wipe warmer but good
I bought these for my grandsons! They love them!
good product, outer skin is kinda gummy
Use it every day. Says it all.
If you want to recover fast from you workout Cellucor Alpha Aminos Will do that, you can't go wrong with this product, great tasting and fast recovery.
I've been using this for years. It works great!
So far it has been working fine. Only have been using about 2 weeks. I am satisfied with this product in blocking unwanted calls. I had run out of blocking calls on my landline service and needed something to add new unwanted calls.
After second or third use they really improve battery life.
I heard Saw Palmetto from my friends. I am using it for healthy prostate and urine issue. According to my experience, I found it takes some effects after taking 1 capsule daily for the first week. I've used it for months and found that at least until now, I didn't feel side effects. I like this brand, and its shipping is quite fast. About the dosage, I follow the serving size suggestion with 1 capsule per day. I didn't try a higher dosage yet.
I bought a new pair of flats that have a hard edge and would rub any time I walked. It is true that after a few days, these compress a bit, so if they are bit tight at first, that will over a short time fix itself. But when I used these on a pair of shoes that was only a a little too large, these made the shoes just too tight to wear. Gotta have it if you have heel issues.
I'm 28 years old and have had acne for years. After two weeks of this product I barely have any acne at all! Years and years of going to doctors, using expensive medications, and feeling sad when I clearly just had a hormone imbalance that doctors dismissed. I've also been having issues conceiving, and I'm hoping the lotion will help with that too! I actually work with a woman that got pregnant directly after using progesterone. Great product. If you're going to use it you need to do research about timing and amount though; if it's used wrong it can mess up your ovulation.
My mother has been taking it and she loves it, so far so good, helps with regime of eating healthy and taking garcinia as a supplement to help with taking inches off.
Good for travel. Better than two uneven stacks of books which is what we used before. Wish it was a little lighter weight.
Arrived quickly, works as expected
I bought these for my husband. He can't live without them.
I have several products from iProven and they are definitely reliable and worth it. I was sceptical about this product when I first saw it but it's easy to use, instructions were useful and when compared to where the digital thermometer, it's pretty accurate. It's easy to use that my toddler started to use it with us, his baby brother and our cat. It's definitely a fun way to check one's temperature. Although it won't be 100% accurate, it would be a pretty close temperature. I definitely recommend.
Great little bag. It rolls easily and holds ALOT of stuff. Very pleased
I began using Citrus Bergamot due to HDL levels being too low. After 3 months HDL levels were 4 points higher.
Nature Made is premium quality, max dose and count vitamins at a fraction of the price! Comparisons readily show their extreme superiority in virtually every case, but it is always best to compare. They are an outstanding value at Costco, but Amazon is better often enough to compare every time.
Fits perfectly and provides the stability and support needed. Follow the directions for fit.
Best price and effective allergy medication. Will order again.
My husband uses this due to a stroke. We have purchased three of them to keep in various locations. A nice product sturdy and easy to put together, blue is the prettiest color, but it was sold out, so we got bronze. That's good looking also.
I love the product and have been using it for years. It removes almost everything except for grease or oil. I recommend it highly.
Very affective for Use and relief of nighttime foot and leg cramps.
Batteries arrived quickly. Haven't needed yet but am excited about the price and the warranty.
I bought this item to replace a different thermometer I had and 1 week later my little one was diagnosed with the flu. This thermometer worked like a dream to keep track of his temp during that time. Highly recommend this product.
I have lost a lot of weight and use this drink as a meal replacement several times a week to help maintain my weight. It works! Lots of good protein.
Great taste and effective at muscle recovery!
I was using another more exspensive liquid turmeric product for several months when I ran out. Within a few days I noticed that my knee (one I had surgery on years ago) was starting to give me some annoying discomfort. I saw a deal on this one so I decided to give it try. I'm happy with the result. After a couple days of taking it the annoying burning sensation in my knee was gone. It even held up after a couple mile run. Good product that I will use again in the future.
This pole is great! It makes it much easier to get up and out of bed. A difficult task after 34 years of MS. Right now mine has a problem with the pin that locks the adjustable handle. I just notified them, Stander, of this issue and will add information on how they deal it ASAP. ET UPDATE TO MY REVIEW! As I said this is one of the best purchases I've ever! I had a problem with the locking pin, I notified Stander of the problem, gave them the info on what was broken and the lot number, in about a week I had a whole new pole! The pole and Stander Inc. are both OUTSTANDING!
Wonderful This is my second neck traction pillow and it works wonderfully for my sore shoulder! The velvet material feels very nice and the device is very sturdy. The quality is so much better than the old one I owned, and I wish I had found this device sooner!!
Easy to chew and swallow plus the taste is great. Helps with digesting meals.
My son is constantly chewing on his clothing! This has made a huge difference! We are very happy with them!
Cheaper than expand your hand bands and so far they work perfect for me.
These are the best inexpensive pregnancy test I've found. They are almost as sensitive at the the first response and you don't feel as guilty retaking them. They are also much wider than the test I've bought in the past which are much easier to read! I highly recommend these pregnancy test!
These are a high quality glove. Strongly recommended. Shipping was super quick also.
So glad I bought this product, as I am getting compliments on my skin and hair. I put it in my morning tea and it melts quickly in it.
Great product and the smell is not to strong.
I give it 5 stars !!. I love the Heated massage balls. It feels like a round fist grinding away at your neck. I use it all the time. Turns off after 10 mins.
Ordered for my son who is deployed and he loved it!! He said it was the perfect pre workout!
Sturdy and strong. Love how they store easily in purse because of the telescoping feature. Great price point!
They taste great. I am tempted to eat them like candy but apparently you can overdose on them. Update: On my second bottle... My fingernails are much thicker and much harder. Not just a little thicker and harder, much thicker and harder. That wasn't why I started taking them, but I imagine women would like them for that. My bald spot is growing hair too but I also started using Rogaine, so it is hard to know the actual effect of these. I highly recommend.
great for travel-dissolve quickly.
This test was AWESOME! Easy to use, Definitely worth the money. It was so cool to see them moving and a peace of mind to know my husband has a 6 million+ count. Will definitely recommend!
So far so good. No drips. Seems to work quite well.
This is exactly what We needed to track my fertility while trying to get pregnant. With so many in a pack, you are able to save so much money especially when you're going through so many each month. Very accurate and totally worth the money
It helps me sleep and I believe it helps moods at times, but I wish it were available with THC for the mood enhancers. I've got ALS and even though there's not a lot of pain involved the mental aspects are off the charts, so I'll try anything, but only to try. I won't continue to buy if I don't feel it actually does something. This is probably my 10th purchase of this CBD oil over the last year or so, so what does that tell ya??
our air in home was very dry and this was quite helpful, i can easily breathe now that we use this. but water in the tank finishes quickly and you have to fill it frequently (around 1 days - depending on your usage)
This product works for me had a lot of joint pain my hands especially since I been on tumeric saw lots of improve ment I can use my hands more now.
I bought it for my dad, he had terrible snoring problem.After he used this product, whole family (especially my mom) sleeping like a baby now. So this product worked for us. I highly recommend it if you have same problem.
I haven't worked out seriously in about 15 years. I recently started again about three months ago and needed some protein. In the past I used pretty expensive stuff including EAS. Even then you had to add a banana or vanilla to make it taste good. Not this stuff. The banana tastes amazing and is smooth and creamy. It's almost too good. I use a have blender to mix and I'm ready to try some other flavors.
I trust the brand, used previously. this supplement is the best I've tried so far, among the turmeric supplements. I'll stick to this one for sure.
Working great so far! Nice to block it traffic noise.
Nice product. Aides in relaxing and relieves stress
I purchased this for my daughter to help boost metabolism and suppress appetite; tried it myself ( wasn't hungry most of the day) so purchased another bottle for a friend. Easy to swallow!
WHAT A RELIEF THEY WORK WELL ON ALL MY SHOES.
I think it's actually helping my b12 deficiency which has led to a arm nerve disorder. I've been taking for about 2 months and will continue.
Keeps me fuller longer so I eat less. Lost 3 lbs so far.
Because I really dislike fish burps from most Omega 3 pills...these vegan Omegas are the way to go.
Seemed to work as described. Easy to use and easy to read. Cost was good for the number of strips in the package.
Very Easy to Use and link up to your cell.
I love honest diapers and I do keep going back to them but I do find that they don't offer the best nighttime protection so I bought the nighttime honest diapers and they've been a lifesaver! That's not to say I won't continue using honest because they really are the best diapers out there I just wish the regular diapers were just as absorbent as the night time ones
We've had this light for a month now and it functions exactly as promised. I was initially reluctant to buy this because of the reviews complaining about the tiny buttons and how difficult it is to program and manipulate, but I found none of this to be an issue. There's a bit of a learning curve in getting it set up, but that's true of any new device. And once you get the alarms set up, there's really nothing else to do. It just does it's thing. And it really helps us get up in the morning, providing a warm light that comes on gradually for about 30 minutes. We opt not to have an alarm or other sound, so I'm glad it has an option to turn off the alarm function. So far, I think this was totally worth the investment. (And to those concerned about problems manipulating the small buttons when you wake up: If one uses the light as intended, you are already alert and awake by the time you need to hit one of those buttons. So, for us at least, it's no problem.)
I didn't believe my husband when he said this stuff was helping his shoulder, but finally tried it for myself and now I believe it! It really did lessen my back pain, using it night and morning.
I wasn't expecting much but I ordered all the variety packs they sell on amazon just so I could try most of the different flavors and I liked them all!!! Just ordered a bunch more
I have sweaty feet and these are great. I can throw them in the was after I wear my shoes and not have to worry about smell.
This heating pad works so well for my neck and shoulder pain. Regular heating pads are difficult to position. This one is great. Snaps at the neck and stays in place. I love it!
Love this product. Along with calgon does wonder with our clothes, especially the whites. Just wish that it was out of stock so much as I really prefer to shop online rather than at the two groceries available in this area.
Having arthritis these are a wonderful means of pain management. I have used them for years and the quality is great.
I climb every weekend, I'm also overweight. This is caused me to developed some pain in my left knee, I'm guessing "runner's knee". I have been wearing it for the past week and it really has helped with knee pain. Yesterday I did a climbing and my knee felt fine all day. I'm not getting pain when going up and down anymore. all in all I think it's a good product.
Product is as described. Great size and convenience for everyday use.
Arrived on time and works well.
I like them very much.
These are a must have for those who suffer leg cramps. I always have a box on hand.
I love these! They taste too good! I would eat more than the recommended dose if I could! They taste like strawberry gummies. I am noticing my hair is growing faster than ever, is thicker and just seems healthier. My skin looks better. I'm also having to cut my nails more often. Highly recommend these!
worked great could really tell a difference
Great product for the price.
Good product recommended by Consumer Labs.
best energy drink out there
great product and great delivery
These wipes are very sturdy and very moist!
It's flexible & remains cold. I love this product. And it allows me to ice all areas at once. I'm a small person, but still wish it went down a little further. No big deal though. Works great for my tension headaches!
The color is perfect for parties.
Excellent product. Will buy again.
I've been doing Keto for about a month now and stumbled upon the Carb Killa products and love them all! This spread is awesome, tastes just like Nutella, no odd after tastes whatsoever, perfect on a piece of low-carb bread or just to eat straight from the container. Will definitely buy again!
This is the best mouthpiece I have tried. It is very comfortable and took no time to get used to. If you want to sleep like a baby, this is your mouthpiece!
I have trouble with my smallest three toes overlapping and causing blistering. This product comfortably solved my problem! I enjoy walking again!
Save money, pack your own. Easy to pack with a grinder and a poker. Great price, will buy again.
Smells amazing without being overpowering. It was shipped well with special tape around the cap to prevent leaking.
That's make me cough be better
Fast receipt; exactly as described; awesome!
This is great. I use it whenever I wear the compression thigh highs.
It's completely soothing. It's safe and turns off automatically. The cover is cuddly and relaxes your total body.
Awesome. Does the job
Very durable. Great fit.
i like everything: flavor, price, and most of all, helps with pain
My grandmother loves this and it helps relieve her leg pain
Quick delivery item as described
Great product for 1 year old.
Bought this for an older relative as she's getting older and sometimes gets UTIs and has IBS. Wanted to try something more natural and this product looks perfect and is vegetarian! She's only just started taking them so will update with long term effects. So far she says they're easy to swallow and do not upset her stomach which is great!
Got this for mom, she's using it and keeping better track of which pills she's taken. It's pretty bulky for travel but would fit into a spacious carry-on bag.
I love my finished wooden essential oil box, it holds so many oils, I am organized now!!! It looks beautiful on my counter top. A great company to purchase from, quick service along with follow up and even a extra treat; oil recipes!!! Thank you!!!
Item came quickly, extremely fast shipping and seller was very communicative. The product itself is packaged well and easy to use. Also, the seller included recipes for using the powder which was helpful as I had just planned on mixing it with water and drinking it in the morning. Using the recipes, its not an overpowering taste and its a nice supplement to add my routines. I'd recommend this product to others who are on the fence about purchasing it.
These are good quality and price.
It worked beautifully. No side affects, no itching or irritation throughout the day, easy to remove at end of day
This device is the perfect size for on the go. I use it almost every night for my lower back pain and it works great. Easy to figure out and easy to store everything
Like many others, I've tried several different treatments, both cremes and suppositories. This stuff works. It works fast and it works better than anything I've ever tried. If you suffer, I encourage you to try it. This is about the 2nd or 3rd review I've ever written on Amazon, I think this treatment will genuinely help you.
Wow, this protein powder can get so fluffy & light! If you are a fan of protein fluff, this is by far the best product! No xantham gum needed!!
This is just beautiful in person!
Really like these oils. This is my second set. Good price and value
amazing and comfortable gloves. Save my hands from chemistry at home cleaning. Very good wash in the dishwasher. Cool!
No fuss wool balls have been thru the dryer a number of times and stay balled. Don't come apart.
Clearly marked organized pill case for travel or daily use. Plenty of space in each of the week-days' pill containers, for meds and vitamins. Really makes travel less stressful.
So easy and such a bargain price!
These are great and have everything I need.
Makes my beard smooth, shiny and soft. No more facial dandruff!
Very sticky, noticed difference from previous pads
Burn HD has been working great so far ! Really helpful when it comes to controlling your cravings. The pill is easy to swallow and the package brings a little travel case for on the go. Keeps my diet balanced and on track . Overall happy with my purchase
Makes you feel healthier. Brains can heal, this Salmon Fish Oil helps. Thank you!
Very comfortable and supportive. Nice thick material unlike cheaper store bought ones. I like the hinges as I do a lot of bending and up and stairs. My doctor wanted me to buy some that were 200.00 for one. I couldn't afford that.
I like the ease of taking the powder. Can split doses through out the day.
I bought 1 of these, then a second one, while I was still in rehab after back surgery. I have them in different rooms. Today I even picked apples with one. I love this product. It's made very well, picked up anything I need, from apples to tiny things off the floor. It's easy to hold and operate with my bad hand and holds onto anything. Bravo! You have a perfect gripper.
I'm partially deaf in one ear I've got to say this is really cheap but it helped me a lot... However I suggest you get a more professional one because this one blared in my ear at different times.. But good for someone who wants to get used to it before the real thing ..
Good product I used for second time
Perfect for morning coffee
i shop with reusable bags almost exclusively. very sturdy bags and the prints are cute. no more plain old shopping bags for me. i highly recommend these for regular shopping needs. im so glad i got these now. thank you for a cool product thats useful!
Wipes are great, plastic container is okay for price.
This product is very gentle and I can tell it is working .I am confident in the outcome as the wart on my finger and toe are nearly gone. finally can be easily taken away.I have been very diligent as to the instructions.
I had issues absorbing calcium, and thus works the best for me.
I have low vitamin D levels and this helped me get my levels back up quick. I totally recommend this supplement and this company. THANK YOU!! PS- Dr. Cesar Lara is the BEST !!!!!!!!!
Smells delicious and leaves babies skin soft and not oily.
I have noticed more energy and better mood and less joint pain. Mental clarity is coming along.
Since it is more natural, it doesn't have the same side effects of other allergy medicines.
I ordered wrong product
I really enjoy this brand of Flaxseed Oil because I can really feel the difference when I take it in a way that distinguishes it from other brands. I love how wholesome it is. It's always packaged and shipped with care and arrived on time, which is always great because I couldn't wait to try it. I am in every way thoroughly pleased with the quality of this product and NatureWise in general.
Sleep Apnea kills! Knowing that and in spite of the fact that I hate using my CPAP machine, it is necessary to treat my sleeping disorder. I have to fight myself nightly to use this machine. It is claustrophobic and feels barbaric to have to force air into my lungs every night that may be dirty and who knows what side effects will be discovered down the road. My insurance company limits the number of hoses and masks to 2 per year. It is really a pain to keep those clean along with the distilled water dispenser. The mask straps must be tight in order to maintain the proper seal, but these straps cut off circulation and cause deep red marks and lines at the back of my neck and chin line. I have avoided mask cleaners because they are expensive and I did not know whether to trust that they would do the job. Okay! Enough Complaining! I finally figured out that I am worth the price that this Lumin CPAP Mask Cleaner sells for and the convenience and safety that it provides. This cleaner uses a high powered germicidal UVC light and a mirrored pull out drawer that kills 99 percent of the harmful bacteria, viruses, fungus, and mold that the tubing and masks can house. This system is used worldwide in surgical centers. It only takes a few seconds to place the mask and hose into the draw and turn it on. It only takes 5 minutes to sanitize the tubing and mask and they can be used safely immediately afterward. Additionally, this cleaner comes with an additional 6-foot tube and mask wipes. I now use this product every night as well as another product that I recently reviewed to eliminate the problems caused by tight straps. My wife also uses a CPAP machine and now uses this cleaner as well. Doing the math, it costs my wife and me each 35 cents a day to ensure that these CPAP masks and hoses are sanitized and this product can also be used to disinfect your toothbrush, electronics, hearing aids, cell phones, or even children's toys. Considering that our CPAP machines effectively treat my wife and my sleeping disorders, this Lumin CPAP Mask Cleaner makes it safer, less barbaric and more tolerable. Enjoy!
In love with this bracelets 😍
Energy and lose weight.. works great
There are various formulations of magnesium, an important mineral. Each has strengths and weaknesses. Designs For Health has always been a trusted brand for me. I highly recommend this product for purity and quality, and suggest you compare their options to choose the best for your needs.
Taste is great, it's not fizzy at all, smooth, mixes well.
My husband and I tried for 8 months to conceive. After getting somewhat frustrated and discouraged I tried tracking with these strips and my 1st month using them.... I'M PREGNANT!!! These are the best. They are clear and easy to use. I will definitely be telling my friends about these! Fully recommend! Worth every penny
I love this stuff it does exactly what it says it will do. My glasses don't move! And it's easy to clean off if I need to.
I Have exactly everything it saids in the picture/description.
Love this product, takes the formula smell out immediately!
Great product! Increase my focus and memory! 😊
Really love the strawberry. easy to mix taste great. I tried the vanilla but the strawberry is much better.
Love the weight of this and the slight aroma of bergamot (?). Other microwaveable neck wraps don't stay in place....this one does. The black cover doesn't show dirt and is washable so it looks clean and IS clean. Best of all, this gem requires just a minute and a half to heat in the microwave. Love that. Great product...
Works great for the price!
I like these canes. Grips are comfortable. They don't slip when your hands are wet
From fixing riding mower seat to shoes. This stuff is GREAT!
Worked great. Exactly what I was wanting out of it
These really do make a difference in making it easier on my Dad to use his walker. His physical therapist also approved their use.
So far, so good - don't know about durability yet
GREAT STUFF! HEALED ALL MY AILMENTS AND SMELLS GREAT! I never knew how many uses this oil has; helps my cramps during my periods, headaches when I rub on my temples, when I begin feeling sick with a cold or flu rub it on the chest and works amazing! I gave my mom and bf's mom the other two bottles; I would advise to give them away so others can try it; what works for one person may not work for someone else. So far I am loving the results, for more usage and extend the oil amount I mix with regular lotion or cream to spread more and use less.
This is the best product I have ever bought I have problems sleeping getting up several times at night to drink water and i have problems breathing I sometimes wake up in the middle of the night gasping for air ,the doctor said I have damage lungs and he only prescriptive me with a asthma pump and a pill to take for sleep but I bought this product about 2 months ago and I haven had any problems breathing and I sleep very well at night I take this only at night because if I take it in the morning I'm very sleepy all day so I know take it before going to bed.I'm so happy I found this and I will keep buying this product thanks you
can't believe how reasonable priced this was works great exactly as described
I wasn't sure about these at first, but now I don't know how I ever managed without them! I work a job where I use my hands a lot and with my arthritis is was getting ... well horrible! These gloves were just perfect! The swelling in my hands is down to a minimum, the pain is down and I take less medications! Within hours I could feel the difference and now I never want to take them off! If I could give these gloves 10 stars I would!
This product is amazing. We have a lot of wood in our home and I have tried just about all the wood cleaners on the market. This product works like a charm. It removes dirt and grime with very little effort. I will definitely purchase this product again.
These glasses are great, very comfortable and I'm glad I bought them.
I've been taking this fish oil for 2 weeks now: absolutely no burps or fishy taste/smell
Arrived quickly and seems to work really well.
This product is amazing!! Made my teeth whiter after one use. I'm going to buy again, brilliant price for how well it works
To help with bladder infection
Great product, bought it for all the fat burning hype and it isn't disappointing. Take regularly, as recommended for great results!
I love this product. It really helps with my anxiety. It takes about 15 minutes to kick in but I love that I can take a second dose if needed too.
I gives me more energy and helps me to run faster.
I got it for my mom for her knee pain /shoulder it has helped her so much she is not complaining about her pain as much thank you
I wear this over my old back brace for extra support.
An excellent product, buy one now. If you are someone who likes white noise while you sleep, this is the device for you. It is small, portable, well-made, has a wide range of volumes, and fairly easy to operate. This device fits in your hand and can easily be packed for trips. It remembers whatever setting it was last on, so you don't have to readjust it every time you unplug it and plug it back in. The construction seems solid and put together with the intention to last; this is not a cheap feeling product. The sound output can go from quite quiet to almost too loud, so virtually everyone should be able to find the setting that is right for them. Initial setup is a bit of a hassle, what with going through every one of the noises, but once you find the one you like, you can just stick with it forever. There is a 60 minute option on the device, which shuts it off after an hour, but I only ever use the continuous sound with the simple on/off button. The 60 minute option does work, however, as I've tested it just to see. What I really like about the continuous sound from this device is that it never loops or has any pauses while it restarts--it's just uninterrupted white noise going endlessly. It really is great. While you might think 50 bucks is a lot for something that just makes a repetitive noise, you sleep every single day. I've had this for several years now and it is still going strong, so that means I'm paying only a penny or three a day to help ensure a good night's sleep. I'd call that a solid investment. Do yourself a favor and buy this product. Your well-rested morning self will appreciate it.
I loved the product using it for a Birthday party
due to the large number of Christmas toys requiring batteries this year I opted to order these batteries from amazon rather than paying the astronomical prices at retail brick and mortars stores. I ordered the AAA, AA and D cell batteries and when toys were opened my wife and I handed out batteries. Nothing in this world is more disappointing to a child than opening a toy requiring batteries and none are available. I found these batteries to be every bit as reliable and long lasting as the double priced batteries (you know those of which I speak) and many of them are still going in spite of high usage over the last few days. I am certainly not disappointed nor are my grandchildren. None of the many batteries were found dead or leaking and the packaging lends itself well to storing unused batteries. These come package in four packs and enclosed in a sturdy cardboard container which will store flat in any drawer while keeping unused batteries organized and easily found. I will certainly be ordering batteries from Amazon in mass rather than paying twice or three times the price elsewhere.
These stay put for puppies learning to walk, are very absorbent, wash easily and really cut down on odor in the puppy room.
I love it! I like trying new things and this is working for me!
The pink eye mask is not tight, which is suitable and very soft. I have never weared such eye mask before, but this product makes me feel I may need one to acquire better sleep. The small bag is cute by the way.
Helpful as a big repellent
These things work just as well as magic erasers. Better be patient though, took a month to receive.
The fabric shaver left no tear marks and quickly made my sweaters look brand new again. No hassle and easy to use
Little bit pricey but they taste so very good. Definitely A+ on taste. Packaging could have been better because they were smashed a little but still edible. Definitely will relax you and help you sleep. That is my experience off of trying only a half of one. Hoping for more results as the days go on. However best one I've found so far because others are usually dried out and these are not.
Excellent quality. I am very glad I ordered this and I use it daily
Easy to use and clean. Can adjust timer. Doesn't make a lot of noise. Nice to look at on end table or wherever you choose.
Item as described & fast shipping. Seems to work fairly well.
Easy to use great product
I like the grip and the pressure. It's a very simple device with not a lot of buttons which is just perfect. Simple and effective.
I like that this 200 mg DIM made with organic cruciferous vegetables and Sunflower Lecithin/BioPerine Complex for better absorption. Powerful formula. I started taking DIM a couple of weeks ago to possibly help balance my estrogen levels, and hopefully raise my testosterone levels. Since I have been taking this product, I can feel a significant difference in my energy level. I believe it is helping me to loose weight and to gain muscle mass too.
Loved the taste and would love to try more flavors, a great way to help stay in ketosis!
Does exactly what it says. I use it before my morning workouts and mid-day, when the daytime fatigue usually hits, and I felt a noticable difference in my mental clarity and focus! Definitely gives me that extra push I need to get through my day, with no jitters or caffeine buzz. I would recommend this to anyone looking to improve their cognitive function and clarity.
Love them. Take them in my purse! Thanks Kathy Digby
So much prettier then the plastic ones.
Easy to use, see it taking inches off. Would recommend to try.
Even though I am doing the workouts and improved diet I am much stronger and fitter since taking this item.
I recommend this product
Works well. No leaks!
I was skeptical about this truly working so was hesitant to spend the money. But after a friend raved about it and some of the reviews, I thought why not give it a try. Especially after having one cold after another this cold season. So when I first thought I was feeling that tingling in my throat that usually is the beginning of a cold for me, I started taking these as directed. My symptoms never worsened and within a day or so I had no cold symptoms.
I have looked through almost all mail fungus treatment products that are available on Amazon, and read through hundreds of reviews written for each product listing. My conclusion is that there was no such a product that worked for every single buyer, unfortunately. Worked for some while there are still others who didn't get any result after using it religiously for 60 days or even 90 days and more. I have chosen Arishine's toenail fungus stop product because of the container shape that I thought was a brilliant and well designed. There were few other pen-shaped fungus products, but I liked the reviews and price for Arishine one. I always carried item around, and applied twice a day. I made sure that what I applied naturally dries for 2-3 minutes before putting socks on again. I could see gradual change from week 2, and significant change at week 8. I bought 2 more for my friends, I hope it works for them, too. I will have more confidence to recommend to others with more confidence once I see the good changes on theirs. Regardless, this is very good product!
Work perfect and great price
When winter colds/flu comes around and you get a sore throat there is nothing better than Thayer's Slippery Elm Lozenges. There might be other brands, but this is the one most singers use to keep their throats feeling good. I've been using these for 35+ years, when I first found them in a Health Food store. I always keep a bottle stocked in my cupboard.
Works exactly as intended.
great product nice prize
These have absolutely no aftertaste, they taste a bit like vanilla because of the capsule coating so they actually taste good, they are small and are VERY easy to swallow (slick/slippery, taste good, soft, shaped well, and small), they are either placebo sugar pills or are easily the easiest way to take omega oils I've tried by FAR. Not sure yet but in case it's the real deal I'll keep gettin em.
I really like this veggie spray! I have been using it on EVERYTHING and it makes a big difference! My food tastes cleaner and I have a peace of mind knowing my food is safer to eat. I usually spray my fruit or veggies and let it sit for a minute before I scrub it and rinse with water. It was delivered in a plastic bag (as shown in picture) so nothing leaked in the shipping process and nothing was ruined! I will definitely buy it again!
My husband uses these to break in new hiking boots. This is his 3rd set, so they must work well. You can use either on either ankle so if you only have problems with one ankle, you get two. They don't overheat your ankle or foot and you can hand wash and hang dry them. They go up the ankle less than a crew sock and cover about 1/2 of your foot for my husband's size 9.5 foot. My husband swears by them as he goes through 3 sets of boots a year.
These glasses are great they really work and they arrived on time, great quality
My son plays basketball and started having knee pain when he played for extensive periods of time. Did some research and discovered he had "jumpers knee." Ordered these and he wears them every time he exercises. He said that they have helped him immensely. They are easy to wear, are comfortable and are well made.
I have not,as yet used this item. Thank you for your concern.You have been very efficient and I am grateful for your prompt attention. Many thanks, Beverly Barnett
Love this. It definitley keeps me awake at night. And I can feel it working. It does also make u sweat alot more.
Awesome 9 Inch Anal Plug Dildo, Big Size Sex Toys Product, wow had a blast one bump after another slowly but surely, all the way to the last bump, took me three tries for the last bump but got it in, did it over n over they all went all the way in, love it sooo much can't stop using it. Would buy more for sure. Wish they would make with bigger bumps
The lighter is very light like a pen, when you lit the cigarettes there's no gasoline smell, it's beautiful appearance and easy to carry, it is a very good lighter, it's a gift for him.
Very effective cream love it I will order more
I like the taste, and as a meal supplement for breakfast
The adjustable strap allows you to choose where and how much compression you want vs. similar products which are sleeves only.
It really works, i have energy for the whole day, sluggishness disappear.
Small and easy to use.
Great pipe. Packaging was not befitting such a nice pipe though.
This item is very comfortable.
really cheap, broke the first use. Customer service was excellent, they refunded a percentage of my money, guess to cover the FREE shipping! But at least i got some back! You get what you pay for, it was my first time trying wood burning so now I know, go for the pricey ones! Any suggestions on a good one would be great!
Ordered for both my homes in different states. Highly recommend. Works perfect and no buildup! Love the night light too! Get it!
Just what i needed and much, much cheaper than my local hearing centre.
Are you shoes a bit big but you want to use them? Try the heel grip and you'll have no problem walking in them! The heel grips are super comfortable and very easy to install. They even come with an easy to use wipe to clean the back of the shoes before you put the sticky party in it. Simple, fast and ready to go!
Nice with lots of options. A good alternative to migraine pills.
Value of money. I purchased the straight strap to use at working time in the office. I had a problem of upper back. As facing the computer for a long time, my muscles often appear numb and sore. It's a great support, very helpful to me.
I buy these here at a great discount. Half a pill helps me sleep well at night and there is no hangover feeling the next morning.
The thing I liked the most was the fast relief I felt when I took it and the taste, isn't disgusting, actually is really good. I tried other brands and similar products before and this one is helping me a lot with headaches and pain relief from my intense workout routines
I love the firmness and size of these massage balls. They definitely will provide much needed tension relief in your knots. I mostly got this for neck tension and shoulder blade knot, and just by putting pressure on the ball(s) on the specific area, it helps. Gonna have to invest on the track and and the block for the neck to get maximum relief. You do have to air them out for a couple of days, as they have a lingering plastic odor, but after that they are good to go as long as you watch the free training videos for proper use that are available online.
I have used this product for many years. I have good energy and health as a result. I would recommend it for Daily users
A very well made and good quality supplement from a small company that cares about making a high quality product. Works well to alleviate joint pain and stiffness
This has been key to helping me fast!! Extremely motivating. I wish I would have bought a larger kit, but have had it a week and have already purchased more strips. Love the website for easy to understand instructions and information.
This toothpaste really works. A great whitening toothpaste
Working long hours is a pain in the spine. My colleague amway this artifact. I love it. baby's very light. Easy to use. Convenient. Learn easily. It is also a very good choice to give it to your parents. Relieves sore shoulders and neck. The massage gun is small and easy to carry, and massage can be carried out anytime and anywhere.it's very effective in relieving muscle soreness, very satisfying for a shopping. For sitting for a long time. Friends in the office or in the classroom are in great need.
Huge size for price)
used for suppositories for a cervical condition. they were wonderful
Great quality for the price!
Good quality magnesium. This was my second time ordering. There was a mix up in the shipping but arrived in decent amount of time and packaging was good.
Love the original product. It was not the item pictured. Received refund
I used this gel every three miles during a half marathon in May! It worked great! Leaves you with plenty of energy and a very full tummy! Tastes delicious too!
this bandage fits well over my eye and keeps it from drying out at night!
Blends very easily and I love it because you can add whatever flavor you want and change it up each time you use the protein!
Good product, my skin is looking better.
Love this helps you fall asleep naturally and not feel groggy at all. Just one tip it takes two hours to kick in so take it early. This is way better than chamomile tea you don't have to worry about getting up in the middle of the night to run to the bathroom...I'm sure you call all relate 😁
I just got scleral lenses which cover your entire eyeball and was provided a hard orange plunger to get them out. I've been having such a hard time getting them out. I ordered the DMV Ultra Hard Contact Lens Remover and received it today. When I looked at it, I thought there was no way this tiny plunger could remove my large contacts with such a tight suction. Well! Let me tell you!!! It was so simple, and I was so relieved that I don't have to worry each night and spend 15-20 minutes trying to get them out. The tiny suction cup gently removes these huge lenses. I will order a couple more just to keep them on hand. And they arrived in a nice plastic case.
I like Lectin defense. I think it aides by elimination and decreasing bloating. I have noticed a big difference in how I feel. Thank you for a great product.
Absolutely love this toy. My favorite out of my whole collection yet. The feeling of it inside me and it's flexibility makes this toy worth a try.
great to sleep in, not great for daily tasks. But comfortable enough for relief.
This was a great price, arrived a day sooner than it said! I am so thankful to have found this for this price as these are part of something my son's school is doing to donate Christmas packages to troops overseas. Thank you so much!! Will definitely order more in the future if they do this again!!
Would recommend to anyone that like constant fragrance this is a great product
I have been using this for a couple of weeks and it definately gives you a boost to push through a tough workout. It tastes great. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a burst of energy.
These are so much better than what comes with my medication from the doctor. This are sharp and much easier to insert.
Works for me, easy to read.
We use this for our cloth diapers and it works great. I personally love how it smells too. Recommend
These gloves are just like the ones in doctor offices or hospitals! They're just what I was looking for.
Tulips is very soft and comfortable in the hand as it also curves nicely against the pelvic bone. Unfortunately the ridges just didn't fit with my personal anatomy as well as I had hoped. But, the reason it still gets 5 stars is for the customer service. It turns out that this purchase was virtually risk free! I emailed the company and described my issue, and literally less than ten minutes later I received a reply and an offer to replace Tulips with another product of my choice from their line. I don't think I have ever encountered a company that gets customer service so right!
I have been using this hyaluronic acid am and pm for about 2.5 years. I'm 53 and have virtually no crows feet and the wrinkling under the eye and in the very corner of eye has totally smoothed out. Let me add I am a former smoker and SHOULD have wrinkles galore, but I don't!!! This product did that. All my friends ask
GREAT PRODUCT GREAT SERVICE
Just what I needed to replace the screws I drop when putting batteries in my watches
We recommend these diapers to everyone for overnight!
We love these! They definitely help my son!
By far the best thing I've ever bought! Every thing included is of great quality! There are endless ways to play!
My wife says it works very well. Her bra straps stay in place.
Very good water base lubricant . I love it .
Good feels real good material
I am allergic to NSAIDS. I walk everyday 3 - 5 miles. I have joint pain in my knees, hips, shoulders, elbows. Since I started taking Curcumin I can function with much less pain, it doesn't stop me from walking, and it doesn't keep me up at night. I would rather go without a meal than miss my daily Curcumin as this has been a life changer for me. I can take acetaminophen, but that does NOTHING for inflammation. Curcumin is a natural anti-inflammatory and for a person who has severe allergies to Ibuprofen, it is an absolute must have to help with inflammation. Interestingly, since I began taking curcumin daily, I rarely have headaches anymore either. I used to get a bad headache at least once every couple weeks, not anymore, I almost never get them. I don't know the correlation, but it must have to do with inflammation. If you have joint pain for any reason at all, take Curcumin, you won't know how you lived without it. No chemicals, totally natural, and it is good for you. I tell EVERYONE I know about this product because it has made such a big difference in my life and how my body feels on a daily basis. It has helped me to stay healthier by allowing me to walk each day without the pain I had before.
My friend and I have been looking for a long length and we both love these pads
Works great and priced great for the item
Order came really quick.
This company shipped as per expected, which is awesome! I have used it for a purpose other than what it is probably intended for, (Im a paper crafter, and recommended from a fellow friend in the same business, this product is amazing! I'm sure I will need it in the future for its original purpose, but for this rubber stamper/paper crafter it has solved my crafting issue! It does ship out from UK, delivered in a very timely manner and I am pleased with that. Would highly recommend this company if you are in need for this product. Thumbs up!
These are very convenient for all the small trash cans in the house and the price is great
Great buy. Better than anywhere else.
I love that they're more sanitary and easier to clean
This little gadget has been a life saver with my 9 Month old. I noticed her having more build up lately and I was not going to use cotton swabs. She loves when you clean her ears so she actually found comfort in this process. I didn't notice her anything any signs of pain either. It suctioned all that build up with ease. I did the ear cleaning after her bath so the water from bath time can loosen up the earwax. Make sure you follow the directions provided.
It was given me worry free products,the scale came with batteries which did not prepare at home ,just download the APP,and measure it . It will automatically update to your phone.Like it .
Good quality tissue paper. Vibrant colors.
We love to use straws in our house. The colors are fun. My kids love then. They are large enough to drink smoothies. We run them through the dishwasher without problems.
Bought this for a gift the couple said was amazing powerful. Thanked me a bunch of times.
I received my glucose test strips they arrived sooner then the ship date. Will buy from this seller again.
I suffer from frequent attacks of gout. I have been taking the product for 6 months now...so far so good!
Bought this for my son, who loves it and I ended up using it for my groin area. Works great.
Great lotion at an unbeatable price.
This is by far my favorite vegan protein powder. Not only do I love all the natural ingredients, but the taste is great too.
I was happy to find these on Amazon now that toys r us has closed. They work great in the genie.
i APPRECIATED THE SIMPLICITY OF USING THIS PRODUCT.
Highly recommend. Good quality. Definitely better than expected
The product is what is advertised and works great.
I've had white toe nail tips for about 10 months and only recently found out this was most likely caused by fungus. My toe nails had become very brittle and flaky. I decided to try this product and after one week I could tell it was working and after one month of daily use, my toe nails have drastically improved. White parts are almost gone. I did soak my feet in hot water and epsom salt, and then filed away the tops of my toe nails before using the pen, at least once a day at night. That could have helped the process.
I have been use this massager for weeks, very good massager. Multiple settings and intensities work very well and the unit seems very sturdy after a couple hours of use. Definitely loosened up the tissue around a scar on my right shoulder that was causing pain during chest workouts, lifting, etc. Will update again if longevity proves to be a concern.
I highly recommend! It kept the gut from exiting. My hernia was in the groin area.
I wish it recommended two per day. I think it's one of the most useful supplements in my arsenal. I truly believe it's helping my brain function. I think it probably did have a positive effect on my resistance to sunburn, which other medications reduced, so I was happy I didn't burn after a sunnier than expected day at Coney Island in September 2018.
Bulk items fill the cart and are a pain. I have them shipped so no worries
Very good bags, I can't stand for the trash to drip on way out!
I am becoming quite a fan of knee bands, as opposed to knee sleeves and braces. The band stays put and offers considerable support under the patella, which is where it gives me the most relief.
I use Moringa daily to maintain my get and go, this Organic Moringa does that. What more can you ask for?
Works great in arlo.
I use these as a backup for my menstrual cup. They work perfectly. I also use them for light days alone and they're sufficient for that too, although you can smell the metallic blood smell when there's too much blood in them. Never experienced a leak though.
Tried many fish oil supplements, this one is the best by Sports Research. Thanks!
This taste sooo good, kinda like the blue kool aid but not too sweet, its a great way to start your day without the jitters, this product helps me stay focused at work without the midday crash like coffee. A must try!!
The digital thermometer is a great product. I have a traditional thermometer which need to keep long enough to get a temperature under my baby's arm. It can be so hard to get a temperature when she is fussy. I like this thermometer because it's very easy to use. I just need to point and click at my baby's forehead and I get the reading immediately. I highly recommend it to all parents.
Loved everything about these... best thing EVER! None of the no slip socks stay in place. Godsend!
Great value. High quality. Received fast.
High quality thank you card with cute design
since I have a weak bladder I make a practice of keeping it in my car....just in case.
After long cardio sessions or heavy lifting days these classic BCAAs really help with recovery and preservation of lean mass
This has made such a huge difference. She sleeps instead of crying all night.
Great quality. Love the color. I think this will last a lot longer than my other sponges.
I use it in the steam room at the gym. Works great.
This fits better than some of the other units. For me the large is required, although I am not a big man. There are no obstructions in the mask making it easy to put on.
You're better off buying this package of deodorant than buying them individually at a store.
These pads are great! They didn't slide around and are very comfortable.
Great band for work and dress up. It looks great and is not fuss.
My wife loves her bday present
My picky toddler doesn't detect this in his juice or milk! I'm hoping it helps his allergies and immune system.
It was for my husband who has limited use of his right hand. It wasn't easy for him to use but that was the point, he needs to strengthen his hand.
Best deal for the price but wish it wasn't so much
This ties into the bars to hold things when walking with the walker. Not a lot of room. Maybe a few papers or cell phone.
This watch was everything that was expected. It looks great on the wrist and for the price it looks great. The band is thick and seems really durable, which seems great because I have a feeling this watch will last me a long time with how durable it seems. The watch was already set to my local time and date when I received it, working right out of the box. As an avid watch collector, I'm satisfied with this purchase.
This is a very versatile magnification tool. I have used various styles and brands and this one is by far the most effective, not to mention lightweight and comfortable. The visor weight with a lens is only about 2 ounces. This is a great vision aid whether I use it at home or work. I use it at hone when I tinker with my electronics ding repairs and for other tasks or as a reading aid. The interchangeable lenses provide great control over the amount of magnification powers/focal/range needed for each task. The lenses are polished much like glass lenses and offer excellent clarity. They come with a comfortable eyeglass frames for quick on/off or for more secure fit, switch to elastic headband. Total visor weight with lens is just 2 oz. This is a great little pair of magnifying glasses.
Product came in a timely fashion and in good condition. I trust Life Extension products. Melatonin works for me.
This product is exactly what couples want in toys. The product is fantastic! It's exciting. There are many different speeds and settings. Easy to use and understand. This design is also waterproof, so if you want, you can have fun in the shower, bath or even swimming pool. I really like the convenience of this toy. How quiet it is!
Epic!! NOTICEABLY decreased recovery times, crazy gains in 5 weeks and lost fat. Lifetime user now after having been on muscle milk for 15 yrs.. 33 year old looking better than my early 20's. Put the work in (min 1hr, 5 days a week) and drink this within an hour of end of your workout and you'll see gains no matter what. No bs.
I bought it for my mum's old walking stick. This quadruple cane tip gives robust support to her when she walks and much better than the traditional tip which had worn out. It was very easy to insert and it arrived on time. She has had it for about 2 months now and it appears quite durable even if its used every single day.
This was exactly what I needed for spacing between my toes.
Have loved the Nature's Gate Skin Therapy for years, but it is increasingly hard to find. I was skeptical of the after-market suppliers but have had success with getting what seems to be the real McCoy. I love the light scent of calendula. Wonder why folks aren't using it more in lotions? I was using Kiss My Face's Honey & Calendula, but now that formula, too, seems to have been weaned out of stores. Pity.
This scale is awesome! User friendly and it looks good in the bathroom. The best features are that it tells you how much muscle mass you have, your bone weight, your belly fat and BMI. And it remembers you!
Severe internalizing, overthinking, social anxiety and not able to relax. Started a new job and started taking these, HUGE difference, I feel mostly calm now. My alarms arent always going off!
Tremendous supplement that does exactly what they say it does. Definitely helpful for mental clarity and memory. Highly recommend.
Love this! Noticed a difference within the first couple uses
Magic with a touch of scrubbing
Great focus and really good pump! No jitters. Taste is really good too.
Love it so soothing for pumping and nursing everyday
I like the use and speed of thermometers. It's also helpful to have forehead and ear functions. Easy to use. Keep comfortable. That is to say, I am satisfied with this product.
This stuff is great, all natural and works well with cloth diapers. Seems to keep her bottom from getting a rash. If she does get a rash sometimes we need to put on the zinc type, but this mostly keeps it away
Great product and great price
Mmm, if you want to add a bit more flavor to something with pork in it, this is what you need.
I prefer the lightly scented product, but it wasn't available in my time of need so I purchased the free & clear. I enjoy this laundry detergent for its simplicity and purity
After taking this for a bit, I have definitely noticed a difference in my stamina. Also some other good side affects guys, if you catch my drift. Great buy!
Exactly as described.
so many soapy suds!!!
Excellent product and customer service
Absolutely love Sun Bum products!!!!
I love it! Just what I needed. Thank you. Will probably buy again once I fill the first one :) thanks!!
never received my order was suppose to put money back into my account
I suffer from chronic BV and something as simple as taking a bath and soap getting in my water will throw off my PH. I was dealing with this for years and i found something that works for me. This is one thing i absolutely have to have in my cabinet. Anytime i see discharge or get a smell i just pop one in and it goes away within the next day. Helps balance my PH perfectly.
This product was purchased for my wife ( a very busy and over worked nurse ) she loves it!!..easy to read ,accurate ,and very durable.
helps me so much with my anxiety, great product
I, too, was skeptical, but taking Mind has perceptibly lifted the brain fog I was experiencing.
Good, substantial, protective case. My son likes it ! Also the shaver is good quality and works well. These shavers can get awfully expensive- this one works well for him and even though not cheap, is good quality thus far.
This is the best, most effective foot file I have found. I use it in the shower on almost a daily basis. It is holding up well to being stored in the shower as well.
Great deal for the price! Quick shipping. Thanks!
This had a great price and quality product would recommend it all contained in unit
Came with a DVD and book of instruction
Helps me remember to take my pills
I bought this for my mom who suffer from arthritis. She enjoy this walker so much. Easy to push and she loves that it has the compartment right at the bottom of the seat. The only problem is that it's a little heavy to carry when folded when placing in the trunk of the car. I'm 5'2 and I have a hard time carrying this into the back of my SUV for storing. But other than that this walker is very sturdy and strong!
Really helps with my cmc thumb.
Works perfect and display is very easy to read. Very accurate from what we can tell. Seller shipped product super fast I perfect condition. I workout and have large arms that cuffs never seem to fit, this does
I love this product. Such a great idea to have all travelling sizes of everything. I am so glad to have these on my trips to get rid of stains and smelly clothes!
I bought this product for personal use, it is easy to use and to read.
Shipping was super quick for me, bought for my gma, i know she will love it
There's no scent, it adjusts to fit well (I have an average sized face). I go through 5 mask roughly on a daily average. I recommend it and also for the price it's a great! I gave one box to my coworker to try because they are individually packaged into 50 masks per box. I did break the loop putting it on but maybe just got a bad few so I let the seller know and they were very prompt in helping me. I highly recommend them!
I like they it was delivered so quick & I know the product & it works (my dog needs it occasionally in the summer months) ❤️
I bought this product after hearing coworkers discuss it. I get painful leg and foot cramps quite often. Sometimes they will awaken me several times during one night. I've been applying this spray twice a day as a preventative and for a couple of weeks and have only had two very mild foot cramps that went away quickly. (I sprayed the cramping area as well.) I can only provide anecdotal evidence that this works; it may be the placebo effect. I don't know and I don't care as long as I see a positive effect. I spray it on my hand and rub it into the leg for those of you who object to a wide spray area as one reviewer did, although I don't find the spray to be that far-reaching. I just think massaging it in makes sense for me.
Received this product, husband loves it and he is very picky 🙂
Very good stuff. It's good for my baby, thank the seller.
Very strong. Worked on eliminating a recurring bump on nose.
Used for anxiety. Works very well. Kicks in in about 15 minutes, no side effects. Take one each morning, then as needed throughout the day. Does not interact with our prescription meds for anxiety.
Just what I was looking for. Plus at a very good price!
Taking a while to train battery to hold its' charge, but progressing nicely.
Delivered as promised. Nice product. NMN has lots of promise, seeing if it works for me.
It really opened my sinuses I put it in the humidifier when I'm sick
Been using this for about a year now. Both flavors are great, chocolate being my favorite. I have tried other whey powders but what makes this one the greatest is that there is absolutely no artificial sugar aftertaste, which was an unfortunate experience with the rest.
I really like this sound machine. The clarity of the sounds is remarkable for it's size and with no loop you aren't awaken by the sounds starting over. I like the various sound and noise options. I love it!!
These look so nice and gives us that matching family arm tattoo look like i've always dreamed. The 5yo gets some looks but it is all in good fun hahaha. We use these way more often that I had originally though. They were supposed to be for a halloween costume but once the kids saw them it turned into a daily way of expressing themselves in a safe manner that I am completely okay with. Save the tats for later lol. They're durable and not easily ripped. I have a 3yo, 5yo, 6yo and 2 adults that use these frequently and they have yet to rip! They're comfortable enough for all of us and even the eldest kid that has sensitive skin. Definitely a good buy
Massager is great! It's very comfortable! Also with heating! Bring to work place and rush to press! love it!
I highly recommend these for my Arlo cameras. They work much better than the rechargeable batteries. Save your money on the rechargeable ones and buy the brand name ones. You actually save money in the long run.
I love these bags for my art
Been using Breathe Rights for years but have now switched to these for 3+ packs. They are easier to remove after sleeping and you get 50 instead of just 30.
Helped so much for my tooth pain
Exactly as described.. I will definitely do business with again business with again
This is the only hand sanitize I've ever been able to use. The scent does not make me sick and I don't get a rash.
👍🏽 Saved a lot of money by doing it myself. My shoes will last a lot longer now i have 23 pair of tips left
Love these for traveling out of the house with baby, and you can't beat this Amazon price!!!
They came in a nice box worked as they should wife loved them
Worked good, she got horny quicker lol
i like this product. it's so much fun. using it to give a massage is very relaxed and comfortable. besides, i looks cute too. i just love it.
This works well for me. It is easy to put on and actually helps my back feel better. It's incredible the difference i feel while using this and I cannot wait to see long term results.
I'm quite satisfied with my order. Thank you.
These rolls are truly 'mega'. Careful that they will fit your holder if you have one. Saves me a lot of storage space and i don't change the roll as often though. I like them.
Great prices and products.
This product is a must for pain relief and healthy skin. It is a bit clunky and heavy, but it is also much more powerful than anything in the same price range. 20 minutes on your face will help wake you up more than a cup of coffee. 20 minutes on an achy back or achy feet and the pain is GONE! It is very bright so you'll want to either keep your eyes closed or wear shades when using on your face. It is very warming, nothing is more rewarding on a chilly morning when you just can't get moving. I have noticed a great improvement in my complexion, skin is happier overall. It is certainly worth spending a little more to get this quality device.
It's perfect for my 1 bedroom apartment, it's all I need. Holds charge nicely. Easy to store. Easy to maintain. Good product!
I got a similar sleep mask before that was actually amazing that a friend of mine asked for it so I had to look for another one to buy for myself and this is also amazing! I admire how it blocks light 100%. I'm a no-light sleeper and this really helps. It's beside my bed and when I'm about to sleep, I just reach for it and put it easily. I don't have to adjust it like the old types of sleeping mask because at first try, it already fits well. I bring it sometimes with me when I have to pick up someone and have to wait for them outside their buildings so I can take a power nap and this has helped me get that middle of the day energy requirement!
Excellant product for joint pain
Helped me to get my dignity back. It is truly a life changer.
The batteries are worth it. Really did not expected the batteries to last long, but I was really surprise when they lasted almost 8hrs. Will be ordering more
great product, great price! not much to say... they do the trick for a healthy urinary system.nice size, easy to swallow. will buy again when I run out!
I had a friend with one of these gloves and I wanted one so badly. So I finally decided to treat myself. I couldn't be happier with that decision. The item shipped quickly, arrived well packaged and had all of the materials I needed to use it right away. Powerful little massage tips with three speeds means that you can create different experiences when working on different areas. If you want to add something new to your routine, you can't go wrong. I would buy it again with no hesitation.
I've done the research & feel like I'm doing the right thing for my health.
Good product to use.
These are great for cocktail napkins. Cute design and will work for the decor that is being used for the wedding.
I keep buying posture correctors because I wear them out, so far this one has the nicest material, very soft and gentle to your skin. I read the reviews on this one before I bought them and they were right. I'm very happy with my purchase!
Great product ... great price!
The color scheme is really nice, and doesn't look cheaply made. Whereas the ombre hydroflask is much more expensive. Also, the flip lid has a much better design that the hydroflask straw lid. You insert the straw into a pliable material that overlaps the straw. With the hydro, you insert the hard material into the straw and overtime it causes the straw to crack and allows bubbles to come through, or has the straw constantly fall loose from the cap. The lid is amazing, I only wish that it came in different colors.
Ester products are the best!!
I put several pics so you can appreciate and can see is not the only product i bought i did use several trying to find the right one so far this one is the best for the reason you put it like a glove and stay more stable than the others. I wish they have more cushioning in the bottom however it does the job and the true no pain when i walk which is a big issue for me not been able to use nothing besides sneaker with pain and sleepers. Also i will recommend to use skinny socks with it because it takes space in your shoes (i have wide fat feet) and i also use thick socks for the same reason of pain. You can move the silicone pad around to adjust it to your needs everyone is different it work covering almost all my toes picture above. Worth the money very happy customer here difference is big
Quick shipping, great product.
Perfect, unbelievable, very good, yeah, good products, worth buying, you deserve, walk through, don't miss
I just finished my third bottle and feel like my hair looks ten times better than it did. I've been getting so many compliments lately and no longer have to hide my hair behind hats.
We have a family of kids and adults with sensitive stomachs. I keep this in my diaper bag and use it whenever someone is complaining of a stomach ache, me included, and feel like it always helps. It's a must have for me now, but it always lasts us a while!
Product is what I needed.
I love this tea. Tastes very good.
My kiddos love these. I was hesitant because of the old chewable ones but these are perfect for kids and adults with very little additives.
Perfect 👍👍 👍 just what the doctor ordered
Very good so far. Love the drop dispenser, absolutely no issues getting just 1 or 2 drops out. I had become intolerant to Vit D pearls id been using for years and am tolerating these quite well. I'd previously tried MK7 but had heart palpitations from it. No so with this MK4 so far. I take it in AM oatmeal. It's completely tasteless. I drop it on top of bite rather than mixing it in so I'm confident about dosing. I do have to watch blood sugar... it gets low if I don't get some protein within a couple hours of taking it. This is a great buy, this bottle will last me years at 2 drops/day. I respect Thorne quality standards too.
This is a good product for the price.
Kind of expensive, but worked great on my child's acidic, burn-like areas around her lips. Moisturizes without being too wet. Is comfortable going on. Do rub it in though. We definitely would buy this product again. It works better than the lip balm of the same time for healing the burn-like areas.
Love this product and this brand. I've been taking this for some time now to avoid UTI's and it is keeping me healthy.
I need to wear these stockings after a surgery. The pair I received in the hospital were so uncomfortable at the top of the thigh. This design is amazingly comfortable and you can see that the insert/panel (the seam at the top to allow for the panel insert) is the difference between the 'regular' type and this comfortable type. I ordered two more pair the minute I put these on.
I've only used this for a few days. I love it so far, I would recommend to use it with a shirt underneath because otherwise it will uncomfortable. Definitely great for back support.
Good quality, durable, but velcro is a bit rough on the corners.
I feel shoulder, back pain in work so I found Posture Corrector. I compared with many Back Posture Corrector in Amazon and this product is a good price, perfect effect to relieve my pain and posture. This product is so soft, I never felt pain with the strap. Other product could feel pain. I can wear this product all day long at work. Recommend! Perfect! The seller was really kind and sell a product reasonable price. also, shipping was fast. I really appreciate it.
Just what ordered thanks
Whey wasn't good on my stomach so about two years ago I made the switch to vegan. Having tried numerous vegan proteins, I can attest that this protein powder is top tier. I make many smoothie combinations and the cocoa flavor mixes well with all of them. It's also a reasonable price point given it has not only protein but cocoa, which has been shown to have numerous health benefits.
I struggle with terrible cramps and this is a life saver! It stays hot for hours and is so easy to use. The sweater is perfect for when you first fill it up, no heat rash/burns are welcome here! I bought one for my mom to help with her aches and she loves it just as much as I do! Buy buy buy you won't regret it.
I love the Probiotic for Men, very useful for my husband. Its support his immune system for his daily works. Very affordable and easy to swallow. Definitely he will drink it.
So tasty, and great way to get in your system. Healthy and easy alternative.
Easy to use my kid is 9!
After almost a year of off and on research this product and company is the best hands down. My family and I have been enjoying your product for almost 30 years now and we are much better off than most folks our age, we are in our mid 60s and very healthy. I contribute this to your method of processing your ingredients and packaging thank you so much!
Speaker quality and noise options are great!
These vitamins were Beyond amazing! I have bad anxiety in a lot of situations and choose not to take strong medications that are controlled drugs so I struggle to find things that will keep me calm and panic free. I read about this vitamin on line and was excited to try it. This worked so well! I was so much more calm in situations that would usually trigger me. This gives you a sense of relief and a calmness that a lot of other vitamins and pills I have taken have not. Not only did it make me feel calm but it also has made me feel less depressed and has made me able to live a better quality life. Usually I toss and turn to fall asleep and this has significantly decreased the time it takes to fall asleep and stay asleep. The pills are easy to swallow and does not have a nasty aftertaste. Overall these vitamins work wonders and I highly recommend for anyone with anxiety/depression or sleep disorders.
This product is so strong I don't need to use the highest setting like usual. I'm very impressed and satisfied. It doesn't take long at all to work and help me reach the peak. Also, it's very versatile, I can use it on any sensitive area and have a great sensation.
Just perfect together.
The blender is powerful and love the functions.
Love that there is no after taste! It's only been two days and it is really helping with my appetite!
Had a hip replacement and for weeks, this was an invaluable tool.
I love this tooth powder ! I bought it for my kids but I am the one who can't stop wanting to use it . My teeth feel clean and smooth and the taste is nice . I would prefer mint but for an all natural kids taste , it's a win . My girls didn't like it at first and now they are used to it and feel the same way about it as normal toothpaste .
excellent for dry skin it works
Good product for a good price, to help with aid in alleviating discomfort. I recently strained my shoulder muscle and this has been my savior especially in my profession! I have to use that muscle regularly and this has helped extremely.
I like the taste of this drop better than other brands I have used. Also it is in mcg oil so I am hoping it is a little more mint flavor is nice. Also I haven't had leaking issues with this one yet when I travel.
excellent service and product
I consider myself a tea addict (in a good way)! This tea is absolutely delicious! I discovered it because someone had left some at work for us to try and I did and feel in love with it instantly and had to find it. So glad Amazon has this product. I definitely recommend it!
Excellent product for the price, works flawlessly with my iPhone.
This is been great! I have had lots of energy and no cravings. This is a great natural appetite suppressant. I have also used it with the leptin detox.
I really like the way this thing fits. Just wish it was a softer material
Week one was decent, after week two this was working very well. Noticed in the work out routine same as always I push much harder and with much more intensity. Many people have noticed I am much more up-beat and energetic, this combination gets me in an awesome mood.
I use this product to support my thyroid as I address my Hashimoto's. I've come to count on it to address the most bothersome symptoms like brain fog, fatigue, appetite irregularities and it works great. I should mention I use Self-Muscle Testing to determine my doses, because I do find this product has a good half life in my body - meaning I don't need to use it every day. I've very grateful for this product as it helped me recover enough that I no longer sleep 20 hs/da, and am back to my normal 7-8 hs/ day, and I can once again understand my bank statements enough to balance my checkbook. YAY!
I am very pleased with the quality of the product. Also, good price.
Very slippery, long lasting, gets what you want where you want it. Also washes off very easily.
This toothpaste is pretty great! I must say at first I was a little hesitant using a black toothpaste. I have been wanting to try activated charcoal and this seemed like the perfect option. Less chemicals than normal toothpastes and has probiotics for healthier teeth! For me personally, I like extreme minty feeling after brushing, this does not leave that however, I have noticed a remarkable difference in how my mouth tastes when I wake up! So while the initial feeling is not as minty, I have better breath after extended times. Does not foam like your typical toothpaste however, you brush in the same way! Excited to see extended results!
Yummy!!!! My whole family enjoyed drinking this tea. We are in love with matcha green tea. Will definitely get this again.
So far I feel energized and less bloated, makes it easier to see the weight loss
Sturdy and easy to use anywhere I can use without the door hinge pulley though it works fine
I was looking something like this for a long time. I can see that my nails and hair are getting better and my face is glowing after using this.
This collagen is great! I bought this one for myself. It mixes in well and I can feel and see the difference in my skin and joints. I like to mix this into a shake that I make each morning with lots of good fats and spinach.
I been using this for the pass few months now, I love it, don't have problems with it minus you have to dap it like with a baby wipe to clean it because you can not put it in a washer machine so ya I still love it, recommend people buying this product
I purchased this for dusting piano key board, works really good.
I needed to boost my immune system and heal my gut. I kept getting sick this year from everything the children and hubby would carry home from school and work. Stay at home mom here. These work so well! I haven't gotten sick since I started taking these pearls. They survive through stomach acid to reach my gut!
My cycle is definitely not regular but the app makes it so easy after I insert my information. Later it sends me a push notification telling me when to test. Anyways long story short it worked for me and my partner because now… I'm pregnant. Thanks Clearblue!
This stuff is as awesome as they say it is. I had remarkable results just overnight. Bonus is that it's soothing.
My favorite. I've been using this for years. Please never stop making this!!
It has a very good speed and it causes a lot of sensitivity (which is a good thing!). Very happy with this.
They work great I have diabetes and my right ankle is messed up have 1 plate and 11 screws holding it together has swelling everyday since I switched to these socks my swelling has reduced through Amazon I get 3 pair for what it would cost me to get 1 pair here
It comes with 3 different pads. I tried the heating pad. It was pretty good. Really comfortable and relaxing. After a day's work, this is what I want. I haven't tried the magnetic pad yet. But want to leave a review first.
Told it's good for wintertime depression. I'll have to wait and see.
Awesome the misses loved it
I was searching for a vitamin and stumbled across this one. Needless to say I feel better and healthier taking them the ever before. If your searching be sure and try them out I promise you enjoy the healthy benifits.
Love this tool so much! It's lightweight to easy to self massage. I particularly love massaging my face and head.
I take daily and love it
These smell amazing and have a great variety of good scents! I have bought more than one for making bath bombs.
Great price and product. Love keto products and everything it offers.
I need a large boost to my b12, and I made the mistake of buying a different multivitamin before these, only to discover that to get the shown percentage I had to take 4 a day! This multi covers everything I need with just one pill a day, and boosts my energy nicely.
Got quickly good quality thank you
Tylenol is the only pain medication that works well on my migraines.
Love it! Use it every night. Very soft fabric and it blocks out light nicely.
For bites and rash works Excellent
Love the feeling and smell
I play tennis and my big toe nail is constantly being slammed into my shoe. Pedicures are a joke and the nail just cracks and peels. I have been wearing these about a month and really see a difference. Hoping this summer my toe nails will get to looking decent!
Gave it as a gift to one of my family members and more tend to use it just because you can use it in so many ways. Has every user feeling great after--definitely a great buy!!
i would recommend pills over powder
These actually make a difference
Daughter loves it too
Works great, tried colloidal silver then that expensive at home laser product. I'm not sure ultimately what worked but pretty sure it was this. I filed down my nail with an Emory board each time I applied and ultimately the fungus nail died off and new nail growing in. I thought I'd try it on a wart I have on the other big toe and applied for a week and forgot about it and today looked and it was gone. Crazy, but it works.
Need that fat gone fast while you sprint. This is the product for you BPI will make you shine.
Helps with inflammation and you need to take more than you'd think but it works.
This is mixed to allow for bulk packaging & use via measuring spoons. It will & does clump but easily breaks back up into fine powder with the spoon. I am happy with it & would order again if price is right...
I like that I control the dosage.
I love this product. It really curbs hunger and the appetite suppression effect lasts several hours. It has helped me lose 15 lbs in one month. 100% recommended and effective. I have bought 3 bottles and will continue to do so.
Works! Jeff did not purchase this product or write this review!!
This was very easy to swallow and though we've only had it a short time, I'm hoping that it starts to make my husband feel better.
Colorful small and very handy. Appreciate the small size ease of operation and beautiful color scheme.
Brought this for my wife, she like it. No complaints from her so far. Decent value. Will up later if last every day wear.
Arrived on time and only slightly squished. This stuff works. I take it the minute I feel a symptom like a scratchy throat and take up to five a day. It stops the cold before it starts!!
I love the flavor and quality.
I usually have to bend over to use a broom set. This one has extended handles. The bristles wipe off easily against the built in rake. The bristles arm to be pretty strong to get things swept up. Easy to store
Beats the heck out of all the OTC products I have tried. And I have tried them all. I have a torn rotator cuff which is extremely painful. This product, plus the Glacier Ice which was sold with it in some orders, was a life saver. Until this problem is solved by my doctors, I will continue to purchase both of them. I keep the Silver Rub in my bed in the case I wake with pain in the middle of the night. It provides hours of relief. Thanks to the person(s) who came up with this formula.
I needed a shower chair following a big hip surgery. This has been terrific. It's sturdy enough for me to use the handles while standing up and leaning upon while standing. The feet are non-slip. It's excellent.
I gave this thermometer as an added gift for a baby shower. The mom-to-be appreciated the easy to read color coding. She said it will be helpful to read in the middle of the night without waking the baby.
Has been very beneficial to me
I use a CPAP machine and I am a mouth breather. I am unable to use a chin strap and have not been able to find a mask that is able to keep my mouth closed. I was skeptical, but it really works. I use a mask that covers my mouth and the tape stays on all night. I have gotten a better good nights sleep since using this tape.
Price, quality and amount - can't go wrong.
I love it! My only recommendation is a variety of colors! I'm staining mine and it looks awesome!
It works I have lost 13 lbs so far
This is an absolutely divine scent love love love!!!
Wonderful product packed well. I have an issue with this delivery person saying it was handed to me. This package was left on my porch in front of my doorstep! Stop misrepresenting how these deliveries were handled.
Smells great despite the name of the soap. Does not leave your skin dry or tight!
Smells good. Kids like it.
It was a great product. Easy to take.
This is a life changing product for anyone with Irritable Bowel Syndrome. Very helpful. I take it daily.
I like the raised toilet seat because I needed it after my knee surgery.
I'd been using various deodorants without aluminum (Tom's, Schmidt's) and have them to not be very effective. I picked Primal Pit Paste at a local Health Food Store and found it works very well!
Great quality. Easy to assemble. I was skeptical on how it would turn out but after quickly skimming the instructions the garland came out perfect. Every easy to put together
Works great! Just spray and leave it! So strong we actually dilute it with water and then rinse after a while. Very strong smell so make sure to ventilate well..
Nature berg green coffee has been a great help in my steps to a healthier life. Helps with energy and curbing my appetite through out my day. I take once capsule with my morning shake and one at lunch. Even has helped me cut back on my daily coffee intake. Which my weight and wallet are happy about ! Would highly recommend this product to add to your daily supplements.
I purchased another brand of Liver Detox but it was a little more expensive. So I thought I would try this one since it was less expensive and had more product. I'm glad I did! I was truly amazed that it worked just as good or maybe better! The pain in my upper right side is gone and I seem to have more energy. I will continue to be a customer for as long as I can! Thank You guys for a wonderful product!!
Love these! They don't fit on my pharmacists bottles, so I just removed the label and put it on this one so I have the necessary info handy to refill my script. Update: It's been a little over a year and there have been many times where I wasn't sure if I took my meds and the timer let me know I had, as well as some times where I didn't realize I had missed it until it was time to take it the next day. The battery finally died on the one I had been using and I had given away 2 of them to friends, sadly there isn't anything in place to ensure the battery isn't eaten up while being stored so when I went to use the 4th one of the set, thinking I'd have a fresh battery... no luck... never used and doesn't work. Not sure if I should replace the battery or just buy a new set. :/ Overall, still LOVE!!
Well, I love this product. It's working well for my constipation problems and since it has turmeric, it's also work for my arthritis pain. Between this and some other medications I'm using, I have little to no pain and everything flows smoothly. You can't go wrong with this. Thank you for a wonderful product.
Great bandages had surgery on my nose. These covered fantastic could even shower. On the third day I changed the bandage because it felt better to have a new one on. The bandage could have lasted another couple of days. I hope I never need this again but if I do I certainly won't have any problems ordering again. Will recommend to friends. By the way these were the same bandages the doctor used.
Could be a mind thing but I see a BIG difference in just a few days of use. I will re-order this very soon for sure. I was going to try the Uricel since it seems to be more popular. However, this was popular and less expensive. Since I'm seeing favorable results (so far) I'll stick with this one.
It does what we bought it for .
Just trying it out. But it arrived on time
Bought a bottle and was skeptical - a fairly small cupful in the laundry (which gets soaked up by the first thing it hits) AND in cold water just seemed too good to be true. Bought a second bottle and hooked - my clothes and linens and towels definitely smell fresher. I'm not running bacteria tests on slides under a microscope, but the fresher smell/feeling worth the mystery benefit of killing germs.
Very helpful with chemo treatments
Dentist confirmed these have helped keep the gunk from building up in the way back where my fat fingers can not direct the regular floss strips.
Super long and smooth double ended dildo. Provides hours of fun.
very pleased, easy to use....took to my doctors office and there was a one point difference between my reading and theirs......very happy with that..
Very comfortable and easy to use.I like this so much better than the old dry coil heating pads.
Needed this for Tooth Surgery work Great...
Works wonders on white clothes! I let it soak for an hour and used it on my white bed sheets. My boyfriend sleeps with a maroon cover and it always stains my sheets and I've had a hard time taking it off. This made my sheets white again!
Great product!!! Highly recommended
I bought 200 of these balloons for baby shower decorations, and NOT ONE balloon popped during inflation nor had a hole in any of them. I had blown up the balloons the night before the event and they stayed perfectly inflated and are still inflated 4 days later. The colors were vibrant and true to the photo description.
I've been a pretty regular consumer of the NOW brand. I love the dropper addition, and the scent is just perfect. It lasts a goodly amount of time. I recommend to try this brand out
This has really helped to humidify the air indoors from having the heat running during the cold. I have it on my night stand and i notice that my nose isn't dry and uncomfortable when I wake up anymore. A little water and scented oil will last all night in the continuous mist mode. Really good with some menthol to help with congestion or lavender to relax. I'm very pleased.
I have used Sovereign Brand which has a cult following at most health stores, but this one seems to work best. It seems this one is more potent, and you also get more bang for your buck at this price point. I always keep some at least a spare bottle at home, and tend to order more when someone gets sick during flu/cold season.
It works great! I love the time options for nightlight options. It's exactly what I was looking for.
I love this stuff for our little boys with allergies. Its the same price as local stores and double the amount of liquid medicine/ No brainer to buy it from here from now on.
I love this product!!!! What I like the most is that I don't have to shake it with my hands I just press a button and it does the work by itself...
Lovely product and very helpful for neck pain. Will buy another one as a spare.
Perfect for use with my sleep machine.
This product has been very helpful at work after my morning workouts.
Great product. Use it daily
his suff works grea.
This is an awesome product it help me with my diet and is a good Fat Burner as well helps control eating habits. I recommend this product to be proven.
Just what i was looking for my salon
Product is great and feels wonderful on your face.
I recommend this product, I have seen some results and expect them to increase the longer I use it ( It has only been a couple weeks so far).
So thankful they brought these back out. They are wonderful for teething babies. We used them on our 2 older Grandsons and now that there back out we are using them again. Highly recommend for your teething baby. They really work.
These work great! I like the way they wrap compared to others I have used. The thumb hole were to small so I had to cut slits on two side to get them to fit, but this wasn't a problem. I also going to order a second pair.
Function just as well as higher priced alternatives!!
After using this for two weeks, I have noticed a difference in my hair. It looks thicker and has more shine. In addition, my knees and hips feel better and I am able to walk more than 3 miles a day!
wet heat is excellent, I enjoy this wet heat a great deal. What ever the compound on the inside is great to lay on. I really enjoy the different cloth sides. It works remarkably well.
I'm not pregnant but this helps my occasional low back or sciatica pain enormously. Very adjustable.
Leaves hair soft love it!
These things are great, wish I'd found them long ago! Need use very little product to get loads of suds. Stimulates and exfoliates the skin gently with no redness. Skin feels so clean. Fun Fact: the handle suctions to the mirror so it can dry. :-)
I love the product. I feel more energetic after a few weeks of taking this.
I don't like the taste of barley grass in general, so saying the flavor is bad would be unfair. I masked the taste by adding vanilla almond milk, spinach and a mix of frozen berries. The health benefits are worth it.
I got these used them right away really liked them, I will order again. I like the size, they are wrapped ind
Great product. Clean wrapping and pure product with no impurities. Thanks!
Worth every penny! I've wanted one of these for awhile and I'm asking myself why I waited so long. Incredible pressure, almost too much sometimes. I like deep pressure and I can't put it on high. This is the best gift I've given myself! I work 12 hour shifts on my feet, after work I use it for 15 min and I'm relaxed right to sleep. My feet feel amazing!
Helps with cold sore a lot faster. I use this instead of getting medication from the doctors. I would rather take this. Also the nice part is no crazy doctors visit just to get a prescription when this works just as great.
Noticed a difference within 5 days. Increased Stamina and energy levels - I Highly recommend this product.
I have been using the product for several months now and have noticed a difference. It smooths fine lines and reduces dark circles. The gel has a good feel to it and all you need is a tiny, tiny amount.
It is so much easier, quicker and less messy than using scrubs or masks. I have already recommended this face cleaner to two friends.Won't hurt my skin. And never worried about bruise.
Affordable, easy to use and easy to store.
No issues at all. Started with 1/2 scoop and starting feeling it in about 20 minutes or so. Flavor is good too
when i received this iteams, i can't wait to use it. my husand really like it. he said it is better than i use my hands to massage. now he use is everyday.
I'm always looking for healthy add-ins for my smoothies & yogurt. I was following a pink smoothie recipe from Eat/Move/Rest on YouTube & realized that I had never used Dragonfruit. My grocery store doesn't have Dragonfruit in any fresh or frozen format & I saw that the Eat/Move/Rest team, showcased this brand on their website, so I didn't hesitate to purchase it from Amazon. It's SO easy to use: it's a finely-milled powder that blends like a dream and adds a great flavor as well as color to my plain vegan yogurt & my smoothies. Wow!! It packs really well in my camper van & it's going to become a pantry staple for sure!
I am always very happy when I received this product! It is always wrapped properly so that nothing will ever leaked out or break! Thank you so very much until the next time hun
High quality, and the fact is it smooth/rounded prevents it from being chewed down. We ordered several more!
I loved that the box was very sturdy, not just a flimsy cardboard box. And it's a great size!
The balloons are good!!!!!! None of them are deflated. I have been reading the negative reviews about those foil balloons on Amazon, and most of the negative ones are the balloons couldn't be inflated. Either have holes or deflate after pump the air in. Those balloons are good, and have not disappoint me.
Great addition to my kit!
It tastes AWFUL. And I say that as someone who's not afraid of vegetables. It's like eating grass mixed with sweetened kale. But you don't taste if you blend it into a smoothie - even my preschool-aged kids will consume it that way. It's great for the digestive system, and I have more energy if I add it to my morning smoothie every day. Compared to the Green Superfood Powder (chocolate), it's much less tasty but much more impactful digestion. Highly recommend if constipation is an issue or if you struggle to get all your vitamins and minerals. Super helpful postpartum.
What a fantastic product. A sweet subtle smell and tons of washing power. We switched from all free and clear because we were starting to get hives for whatever reason. Once we switched we had no problems!
Great product arrived fast in perfect condition.
this back massager very comfortable, and easy to use
So far so good - really comfortable, stays in place, and keeps all light out!
Protection without the irritation of other products.
I was taking prenatals but ran out and decided to try something that would help maintain and increase my milk supply and give me the nutrients I need. I did see a small increase in my milk but nothing drastic. One thing I like is it doesn't upset my stomach, like a lot of vitamins do.
It is large, sturdy, and beautiful!
This product saved my life. Highly recommend to anyone who deals with depression.
I really liked this product. I'm a firm believer it gives me a boost and my shoulders don't hurt as bad.
Having one of these in my gym bag, purse, suitcase makes me feel that no matter what comes up during the day, I'm covered!
Got this for my sister since she slouches... She is very happy with it and likes the fact it is not bulky like other posture correctors.
I would give 5 stars for the gloves I ordered for my wife. She loves them, they came quickly... just as expected.
Love this!!! First day out of the box I dropped an egg on the tile floor... this worked beautifully!!
I have searched everywhere looking for hemp oil that not only works, but also tastes good. This stuff is amazing. Relieved my back pain that has been plaguing me for years. I actually enjoy my daily dose!
Got it for a friend. He loves it.
Let me start with this... I thought it one of the device that says it does but this device really clean the air and bacteria. I have 3 kids in the house so really need it but definitely worth every penny
Take milk thistle to help protect my liver. Have taken for several years. Comfortable with this product.
I've been on the hunt for a non-stim PWO for a while now after nearly overdosing on a highly caffeinated PWO. After purchasing and using this product, I have been happy with the results. The sustained energy and focus without the stim jitters has been great! I recommend this product for everyone looking for a change in their PWO game.
These are the best tasting fiber gummies I have ever had! Wish the had more fiber packed in each one but they seemed to help keep me full longer when I took them!
Best Oral B replacement Brush Heads for me that I've bought. Just bought two more packs.
I've been really wanting this product. I've seen it online. I'm so excited to finally get it. The section is terrific and the touch and feel is really nice
I was hesitant to believe it would be as helpful as it is. I am by nature a skeptic. However, after using the product for a few weeks and being away from home, and forgot my Dragon's Blood, I noticed a difference in just a couple days of being off of it.
Accurate to description, good sale.
Such a great thermometer! It can read the temperature of your forehead, ear or even an object! I love how this thermometer is quick to get a reading. So hard to have little ones sit still for very long so this one works great. Highly recommended!
Lot cheaper than the drug store
I love this almond oil! We actually use it in place of diaper cream on our little one. She has never had diaper rash. It also helps soften dry skin - I've used it on baby after bath and myself to soften skin. It doesn't really have a scent either. Love this for a natural replacement to diaper creams.
Perfect for economic and safety reasons
This product is just too good. After a long day of work this takes so much pressure off and is very relaxing. My head feels very light after using this.
I like it. Thank you.
Good quality ! Will buy again!
I just got this a few weeks ago. It is not heavy, comes in a very handy storage box with a handle. This massager works great, It is so easy to use at home and really relieves a lot of stress and pain! You can give yourself a personalized massage every time. I'm loving my massager!
Good value and fast shipping. I put them on about 4 hours before bedtime and have noticed I wake up fewer times and go to sleep faster. That's a big deal for a senior with sleep issues!
I was well pleased with this order. i
Good balance and feel, great deal
I bought one for myself and one for my mother in December 2015 and they are both still working perfectly. I have not used any other diffusers so I can't compare, but I am very satisfied with the appearance and function. They are very easy to clean with a little bit of isopropyl alcohol.
This item has come in handy for knees that have diabetic pain and just getting older pain. The heat is great though I wish it had more than 1 heat setting.
Of course, you are going to know you are wearing something, but it's not uncomfortable. I've worn mine for one week and will continue to wear it. The elasticity is good and tight, and the velcro sticks, so I haven't had to readjust it. I would recommend this to anyone with a snoring problem.
Very nice. Fits well. Once in awhile comes loose on it's own.
Worked great for my Xmax V2 Pro glass tip.
I really feel the energy after taking the supplement for 2 weeks.
Good spare. Keeps shape, no kinks.
These are perfect for those little mishaps! Kids love them.
It relaxes me within 1 h - 1 1/2 h and I can fall asleep.
I love how this helps me calm down and slow my brain and breathing. If I take it within 3 hours of needing to wake up, I feel groggy. I don't like to be without it, esp when travelling.
I have been using this for several months, along with eating healthy and have eliminated 80 lbs so far! (9 months) The taste is delicious and almost feels like you are cheating. Yes, it is that good. Makes a great snack when you are craving something sweet.
This is an excellent product to help with fat burn during times when you aren't active (sleep).
Started taking these recently for a vitamin deficiency and they seem to be working great! Small pill and not chalky at all!
Does what it claims. Helps my posture.
I made a good choice.
The smell and flavor of the capsules are of being rancid, like old oil! I've read reviews and no one has mention the taste or odor. I have no idea if I should send back or not. No 800 number to call, will not be reordering Update: I receive a fresh bottle from Naturelo. I'd say that there's no Rancid smell or taste from this bottle. So I'm back and will be ordering again in the future. Darlene.
Excellent toothbrush replacement heads. They fit my Sonicare perfectly!
Love these! Breathable and does not irritate!
These work well on dry eyes. Just use them before going to bed.
This massager is amazing. Helps a lot with back pain , has a car charger which is super cool i think and saves you a lot of money, massage therapists are expensive this days :) Highly recommended !
I purchased this tea during my first pregnancy because I wanted to do everything I could to prepare my body for labor and wanted the something more natural. This tea not only tasted amazing but I believe it truly works. I ended up having a c-section due to failure to progress because it turned out my baby was stuck on my pelvis but before that happened the nurses were surprised at how strong my contractions were and that I wasn't feeling them too much. I was pregnant in the summer so I drank this tea iced and it was delicious and refreshing. My husband even liked it! This was the first product I tried and made me fall in love with the brand. I love that this company caters to women of all stages and not just pregnancy. I've since tried many other products and I trust the ingredients and will continue to use them for pregnancy and beyond.
Bought such a kit for the first time. All the products feel strong and durable to use. The adjustable buckles made me easily install the bondage. It's a portable kit!
This shit is bananas in a good way
Works as advertised!!!
The bottle design and size are perfect to keep handy on my vanity. I use it for everything dry from scalp to cuticles, heels and elbows.
My bung hole likes this tp
SO good at helping keep the good bacteria in my digestive tract
Great product and timely order
if i could rate this higher i would. i read all the reviews and had to try, i was like what the hell. I'm so glad i did it took about 3 days to notice the effects, i take upon waking and at noon and some days i forget to eat in two weeks i have lost 15 pounds and loving it will continue to use this product
I purchased the Santamedical Generation 2 pulse oximeter. I found it accurate, simple to use and very effective. I plan to use it regularly. I would give it a 5/5 rating!
Great heating pad! Comfortable, squishy soft material. 6 different Heat settings are perfect, auto off is an awesome feature & it heats up quickly. Has helped my postpartum recovery be less painful.
Recommended by my Gastroenterologist.
Stopped smoking exactly 7 days ago.
These are awesome for folks that have to put these on alone and especially if you are using your non-dominant hand. They go on very easily and there is plenty of room inside ( maybe a little too much) but they stay put and do not leak. I highly recommend.
if you are looking for just a fast easy clean then this is what you are looking for its very easy to use, I just put some soap on it to slide in easy, the water coming out will give u a fast easy clean.
Husband loves it! Works great! He says easy to clean and maintain.
The bags are fine but unfortunately this very expensive garage can is easily opened by my dog (he just pushes open the whole top) and because of its design I can't seem to find any child or dog locks that fit on the lip to keep the entire top portion down.
One of my favorite products and so used to find. Your skin feels and smells incredible with this!
Works really well and is perfect for your legs. For a back massage is little hard to reach, but overall really happy with the purchase, you can use it on your face as well.
These have a great flavor and are what my nutritionist recommends for me. I suffer from malnutrition due to loss of part of my intestines. I must take 4 of these a day to keep from being ill. It is almost like having a treat. The down side is the cost. I am a single woman and these are very expensive on a limited budget. I am stuck however because I can not swallow the pills. I tried buying another brand and they were hard to chew and did not taste as good. I think however they are over priced.
This tea is absolutely delicious and wonderfully beneficial. I notice a big difference when I have this tea in the morning, I feel calmer and more relaxed throughout the day. Highly recommend.
Great Product! Will order again
This rolling papers are amazing definitively going to purchase them again
To see if I would feel a little more energy throughout the day And it seem to work
Been using about 2 months now. It really seems to help me fall asleep and stay asleep. Worth every cent. Will continue to use. I like the pineapple better than the cranberry. I would like to try the other flavors too.
Best deal, good quality
Very generous large bag. Soft gels look clean and premier. Good.
Band does not close. Watch is useless. Had to trash it!
i used this for my wedding invitations!! && they are beautiful!
Easy to use, made a loud beeping noise to alert when to read the temperature.
Works well,good gripping power.
Great strong paper bowl.. Great product for home. camping,art projects etc
This was a huge help to my sinuses and ears after a trip. So congested and such drainage. Noticed difference in 48 hours! This will be in our medicine cabinet. Oh and is natural!
My shoulders were rock solid with tension after a very stressful time. This massager was amazing at kneading the knots out. The hand rests allow you to move the massagers up and down your back to where you need it. The heat feature is nice.
Amazing product. Reminds me of my childhood. Delivery was fast too.
Great tasting. Works quickly. Great buy.
Taste great, much better than most vitamins! And it is less expensive than the average. Double yay!
I've been looking for a refresher spray forever that didn't make my hair heavy or dirty. This is great.
We plan in giving these out for Holiday presents this year, with the real gift inside... These are sooo funny, looking forward to seeing peoples reaction when they receive one of these...
Its what you need for the Barbie Rainbow Lights Mermaid Doll
This product is doing wonders for my (crepe) skin and hair. I started taking collagen and fish oil also. What a difference!
Great product and value! It helps with my bunion and gives relief. Fast shipping as well!
Can be mixed easily.
Always the best lube to buy.
My son plays competitive flag football for adults and he needed a tape that would be easy to wrap and have staying power throughout the game. This product is exactly what he was looking for. Excellent customer service and quick shipping.
Great product, I especially love the time projected on the ceiling!
It is really nice quality with this price. Very warm and easy to use.
Perfect if you want to prevent winter static but do not want overpowering scents some dryer sheets impregnate your clothes with.
I needed a small walker for Hospital Rehab, something light to fold and easy rolling wheels...This fits the bill perfectly...And the color is fab, I will be the most stylish Walker in the Rehab Unit
Such great customer service and smells so good.
Not only has this product changed sleeping for my wife, (because she doesn't have to hear me snore) it changed sleeping for me. I noticed I am getting overall better sleep using this product. I may be a bit bias, because I am use to sleeping with a night guard, but having the product in my mouth at night was not a problem. If you have never slept with something in your mouth, it may take a while to get used to. It took me about 2 to 3 week to get used to my night guard. I promise you, if you can get use to keeping this in your mouth at night, it will make a positive change.
My sister is an acupuncturist and these are the prenatal vitamins that she used, that I'm using, and my entire family uses. I have a hard time swallowing pills, so the liquid formula is great. My older sister uses them because they absorb better and have high quality ingredients. AND my mom and younger sister use them as well. My mom says it doesn't hurt her stomach like other vitamins, and my little sister has nutrition difficulties so she uses this formula. Even though neither one is pregnant or trying to become pregnant. A big thumbs up from me and my whole family!
I love CoQ-10 because I use it in conjunction with my Cholesterol medication and it helps control my cholesterol.
I absolutely like the unstoppable energy and 100% focus...
Really good product. I like this foot massager very much. It makes me so comfortable and relaxed.
Great product. Don't get discouraged if you don't have immediate results as some of the reviews suggest. Everyone's system reacts differently. I used the product ever day as suggested for 45 days and I saw significant results. In that time, I went from an average BP reading of 160 to an average reading of 120. I did not experience any side effects from using this product.
Very easy to use. This gem of a purchase comes with plenty of different sized nose vents. It would fit a tiny nose or a large mans nose.
This smart scale is so perfect that all I have to do is install an APP and I can see all kinds of data about my weight. And to my surprise the data it records is almost the data I get from the physical examination center. It's not the first time I've used the smart scale, but it's the first time I've been surprised by the smart scale!!!
Works well for moving
Worked! More focused and driven in many different ways
Such a awesome purchase!!!!! Bought these because I planned a last minute surprise birthday party for my friend. This went perfect with the gold and white theme. The balloons were big and such good quality. The birthday sign was beautiful as well. Def. a must have and gold is so in right now so this was great. This is a must have if anyone out there is planning a bday party!! =)
Great product, easy to use.
After being on my feet all day these felt wonderful! I wore them for about an hour the first time and I'm slowly working my way up to wearing them longer. They really help stretch my feet out and make them less sore.
This massager is very special.It use air compression to promotes blood circulation.before, I have one massager which is only work on feet.this can use on different part of body like legs, arms and feet.it helps me relieve fatigue and more easy to fall asleep.
Really love the fact that is rechargeable. Very trusted brand is also important. Intensity is wonderful
I have a very hard time finding this item in the store. It works to keep my lense very clean. My liner sometimes get on my contacts and this will clean them very effectively. Leaves no residue
Very nice and comfortable product, works very well just as described I have some back problems and this really helps my posture would recommend to anyone.
Bought these instead of purchasing monthly with prescription. Works just as well! Doctor recommended it!
They are the old style, tan circle patches. You have to make sure to really shave all the the hair from the area and press firmly for 10 seconds - and they will stay on all day. I use 91% rubbing alcohol on the area right before hand.
Works great!! Makes cleaning my hydroflask easy..
Great product! Great to use extra at the first sign of coming with a cold. Very helpful!
This works great. The measurements are very accurate. I got it fearing the high blood pressure while pregnant. So any time I feel a little off I at least will know if it is because of my blood pressure. It is very easy to use and read. Anybody could do it on their own.
The product really does help to relieve itching. Hard to believe.
Works fine. Carried to doctor with me and it ran close or with the doctors. Like having it to keep check on heart rate
The same experience as previously reported. The SoClean 2 is a good product that requires these filters to keep it performing well. I hope that as the popularity for this product grows, the cost for these filters will come down.
Happy with purchase especially the price
This is the one part of my CPAP headgear that takes a beating. This iteration has a coating on top of the foam that fits against the back of my head which prevents the foam from deteriorating. I only replace this once every 3 months. I expect this one will hold up better than the foam only version by the same manufacturer.
Love the deep rich purple/blue/teal colors, and the satisfying weight this gives to a simple Bic lighter. Makes the lighter easier to use, actually. Very snug fit, which is a plus while it's in use, but can make it challenging to remove the lighter. Found that a 3/32 Allen wrench is the perfect tool to poke the lighter back out from the bottom when it needs to be replaced.
Works really well, already had 5 dry nights in a row for my daughter!
Really quick delivery!
Easy to use and very effective.
Seat is very easy to assemble and use. Adjustments are easy and well marked.
A friend recommended this scale. It was well worth the money, it's pretty accurate and consistent and the app is easy to use and follows gains and losses.
I've only used this for a few days, but my face feels really dried out after washing... and a few drops of this serum totally hydrates my face without using lotion! My face feels smooth and fresh. I'm excited to see the reduction of fine lines and dark circles in the coming weeks.
These are a staple for me. Great quality, trusted name.
I first wasn't going to try this product, but I'm so thankful I did. It truly helped my pain in my joints. Will be buying more.
I love the half gallon bags, but have a hard time finding them. None of my local stores carry this size, so I have to go WAY to big with the one gallon bags. I REALLY wish I could get these local.
Our bottle was HUGE. Ordered 100 tablets and got 1000. Bonus for pain.
It makes my nails very hard.
I really like the Libman mop system, very easy to use. The mop heads last amazing long, and easy to pop in the wash cycle occasionally. Good valve for your money.
My physical therapist recommended I get kinesiology tape for my knee like they use. This was new to me. I found this in tan beige which totally hides on my knee and is great for the office, no one knows I have it on! It removes with zero sting. Only use half the amount you think you need, it stretches!
Overall rating is a 5. Having said that, the suction pads are small and wont hold on my textured shower floor. I wear a womens size 9W shoe and I can fit both feet on the pad at the same time. And by standing on it with one foot I can scrub the other foot. Love the longer bits in front that get between the toes. A quick rinse with the shower and its clean. I hang it up after every usr to make sure it dries. For those with tender or sensitive feet it might be a little stiff. But I love it. After a long day of being in work shoes my feet are smoother and more relaxed.
My plantar fasciitis was almost debilitating before I got this amazing product. I just slip this on at night and in the morning my symptoms are almost non existent. I would recommend this for anybody who suffers from plantar fasciitis.
These are great for concerts. Sat ten feet in front of the house PA speaker stack and my ears felt fine afterwords. The earplugs did not muffle or alter the sound. Amazing.
I take 3 caps first thing in the morning before food. It gives me more mental clarity, calm and focus. NOT a jittery/jacked buzz feeling. Thanks for a great product Natural stacks!
I really, really, really like this pendulum! I had a quartz crystal pendulum, but forgot it was on my lap, when I stood up it fell onto the floor and broke. So, I decided to get a metal one. It is attractive and well balanced. Upon removing it from the package I prayed good intentions over it and placed it in my bra, yes I placed it in my bra next to my skin and carried around with me for a couple of hours. Upon removing it, I played with it a little while and began testing it and voila it already began to give me consistent responses. Can't ask for anything better than that.
Couldn't be happier with these napkins. Ordered a small amount to try out before we order more for a wedding. For sure ordering more of these!
I have been taking this for a week now and my stomach discomfort is gone! I feel more regular and it's so easy to take 2 pills in the morning to start my day!
We have been using this cream ever since we tried it at a baby expo back in 2003. Great for diaper rash. But as adult we use it for chafed body parts
I mix it in juice to take it. Not bad at all.
Good price. Good product. No complaints
I really enjoy using this bag and it has become my go-to! Double-Velcro helps keep all the unwanted smells inside your bag, and it's super convenient to just throw all your essentials in one bag and go!! Definitely would recommend
This seems work better than any other anti- snoring products for us. My husband didn't notice I snored again.
When my knee flares up I would to use a cryo cuff. This is less of a mess much easier. Fill the ice pack and the brace will hold it in place. This company is a God send for anyone dealing with inflammation or sprains and strains. The perfect tools for you therapy arsenal. They deliver on time, well packaged. You will not be disappointed. Your PT or OT will be glad you ordered and use s part of your regime.
Love the wax coming off with no smears, black paint looks awesome
This product works great!! My cravings have been suppressed and I'm seeing changes in my body. Highly recommend!
Pixie is one of the best toys available for those who like more of an edging effect with gentle caresses and feel for the most sensitive areas. I would highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys power and gentle pleasure at the same time! Give it a try...spoil yourself!
I use this every morning and night. The hydroxy acids gently exfoliate my skin leaving behind just soft, smooth, younger looking skin. I just ordered another bottle.
Best turmeric product I've tried. I got immediate relief!
Our entire family loves this product. We have ordered several of the flavors - the Peanut Butter is my crossfit loving daughter's favorite. We have eaten them as a breakfast meal. As a quick snack before workouts. We are picky family when it comes to the ingredients we choose to eat (we enjoy a vegan/plant source diet) and these cookies pass our test. Order comes quickly, too. Highly recommend you give their product line - yes we eat more than their cookies!
My husband loves this product!
These don't taste as good as tide pods but I'm still satisfied.
So much easier and cheaper to order here!
I've been using these for about a week and a half, and have already lost around 3.2 pounds, and my stomach and love handles are noticeably smaller. There was a small burst of energy at first, but now I'm pretty much back to normal in terms of energy and I've changed nothing in terms of exercise -- weight loss is purely from less food consumption.
Exactly what I expected...by adding wheels/glides to my mom's walker, it relieved pressure off her back because she doesn't have to pick it up any more.
The dome fits perfect and is comfortable
I suffered with dry eyes for several years and these are the best I've found. They seem to be more effective ... no sting, relief lasts longer, and vial is easier to squeeze with arthritic fingers ... than several others I have tried. Searched for a while to find these when Tears Naturale became unavailable; so pleased to discover that these are the same formula!
Arthritis Pain and very helpful on a daily basis. Ethel Carter
Started taking this few days ago and I don't have any bad side effects so far. Already feeling more energized and mood is get better slowly. No changes in weight yet but it's too early to say that it won't work. Overall I like this product.
The best thing I've spent money on. Instructions are pretty simple, taste isn't bad at all, and it works miracles!
Such a great product. Effective and soothing.
I did have to call customer service to get it connected... turns out, user error. They were helpful and friendly and readily available.
Got this for my husband so that I can sleep peacefully! This funny thing actually works. He doesn't seem to mind it at all, says it's comfortable, and now I don't have to slap him in his sleep anymore :)
This is made of TPE Medical Silicone so it is odorless, safe to use, and very soft and realistic. Got this for my husband to use. It's so cool as it is like the real thing being 3D just like a ral vagina and mouth!
This is a great white noise machine! Small & compact! I love that there's also a nightlight
I'm happy to say that I'm one of the people who experience great results in taking these capsules. I feel a lot better.
Love the color and application is very easy. Stays on all day.
This product really surprised me when it came. Not only has it been super sturdy, it has also been very good quality. The inside texture has been much better than expected. The ridges caress and wrap around perfectly. With all the rotation levels and intensities you'll be finished in no time. Just one thing, I consider myself average size and it's a tight fit. I go all the way in, but for those a bit bigger than average you might not get fully inside the machine so there's that to consider. Honestly this has been a great product, which is even better because of the awesome customer service recieved from Amira.
Bought this to try and help my Plantar Fasciitis which was affecting my walking. The first day I tried it I was very impressed. It gave a lot of support and eased the pain. It's so easy to wear and you don't even realize you have it on.
Being a weekend climber this is always with me. Good battery retention and impressive intensity on the machine.
These are the best product I've tried for keeping glasses from slipping down the nose on hot, humid outside days. I found them to be very comfortable too.
Fast delivery,good quality.Bought already 3 times
I've been using those things for 10 days , doing kegel exercises for about 10 minutes a day. Overall i am very happy with the results. I feel it helped me with bladder control and tightening pelvic muscles. They are very soft and easy to use, and came in a very nice sleek package.
MAV products are great for natural fat burning products. They have ingredients I can trust and I don't worry at all about the side effects. They have easy to swallow capsules that I can digest easily.
Simple and effective masks.
Like this product because it combines the vitamins my physician recommends. It is easy to swallow and doesn't have a bad after taste.
Used these for the first time today. They seemed to work as stated. The handful of items washed came out soft, static free and with a minimum of wrinkles. I generally use only low settings to dry which don't over-dry the items. I'm pleased with the purchase price, delivery time, look and feel of the product and love the little drawstring bag!
My dog loves it! Looks super cute and very easy assembly. I have a chihuahua and he fits very comfortably in the smallest size. 100% recommend this teepee!
I didn't regret using this product, I'm proud to say this product serves the reasons I bought it for. Great product and recommend it for everyone.
I only take half a scoop of this and I still get a good pump in the gym. No jitters or itchiness like some of the other pre workouts. I have taken a full scoop before and it did make me feel a little uneasy, so I just do half a scoop and it lasts me a looong time .
This is amazing, and I will never not have a heated tube ever again in my whole life.
This Product works wonders for the car you don't need no water
I've been feeling like my thyroid has been down with the fatigue and hair loss. I feel like these have help with energy and like i can do more during the day. And my eyebrows and eyelashes have gotten a little bit thicker as while.
The fit was perfect. Helped keep my shoulder stable and relieved my pain. Also very comfortable to wear through the day.
The feet really feel good! I like balls and rollers! They are a big part of my own physical therapy routine and make me relieve pain.
Its easy to wear and adjust .lightweight materials is very comfortable.I'm really happy with this product.
Best protein shake around!! Easy to use and comes with a measuring cup. Taste delicious and has no after taste.
I got this product to see if it would help with my thinning hair. I take it daily and it for sure works, My hair is thicker and looks a lot healthier.
The product made the furniture look great and it has a beautiful shine.
I had noticeably dry but not extremely cracked feet: I used a foot scrubber once and applied this lotion daily. It softened up my feet within a week.
All of it its perfect
very strong scent. you don't need to use much which is great.
I got this for my wife, a little apprehensive to start with, by the end of the night I needed arm band and scuba gear as the bed was soaked through .
It's been perfect & highly recommended by my child's doctor!!
PRODUCT IS GREAT QUALITY
Just what the Doctor ordered! The only problem is that my dogs got ahold of them and ate the rubber band!
Feel very helpful to get energy daily!
Quality sound and selection... Smaller than I imagined too! Easy to hide on a table or tucked nearby
These drops really helped me get through the day of looking at my computer for 8+ hours. I wear soft lenses and they don't hurt at the end of the day thanks to these drops. It took about a week to notice a difference but after that I felt much better.
I used to hate meal replacement products because they can't stop me from feeling hungry and weak in the day and most of the products advertise themselves as hunger-control. But Slimfast really works!!!! I can easily get over a whole morning with one bottle of strawberry shake (180 kcal only) and a medium apple. Now I can feel my ribs more when I'm lying down. Strawberry shakes taste more creamy and thick than the chocolate flavor. I just order the vanilla shakes today and will update soon.
I've gotten sick of being poked and prodded in the middle of the night to stop me snoring so started looking for something that might work, and I wake up with fewer bruises. Really doe's work, I am still getting used to this but so far I have enjoyed several hours sleep.
Loved this product. Protects my carpet and area rugs from my dog's incontinence.
Just what I was looking for, very satisfied!
if i could afford it i'd treat these like daily vitamins and drink one every day. they're wonderful pick-me-ups after a rough night, and they don't taste bad (go away pepto, you suck). i'm prone to terrible hangovers and these make me feel like a human being again.
shipped fast, product as described, will purchase again!
Since it is still very hot outside, I do yard work in the heat and I am always prone to getting warts due to working around poison ivy and other plants and I also may come in contact with someone with warts since it spreads easily so I have bought this wart remover and I can say that I am very satisfied with it! I recommend!
before I got this product, it felt like I had to pro wrestlers in my stomach... I could hear them fighting, and so could my coworkers... was afraid They would start taking bets on who is going to win... and it wasn't going to be me. . Had gotten so I couldn't even eat lunch with the boys without getting a running commentary from my stomach. feeling much better. Pretty expensive stuff but cheap when you consider it's a dollar a day for a truce between the rivalry of El'Capitan-loco-pollo and Stone-Cold-Meatloaf... not bad. Would drive this product again and half.
Always works on my babies irritated diaper skin. Keeps the skin dry and from getting further irritation. We use it every diaper change.
Day 5. Reduced appetite, alcohol and sugar cravings almost immediately. Maintain good energy through the day with no crashes, sleeping good at night. It's not magic. The supplement does its job, but you have to do your part as well. You have to want to make a change in your habits and get healthier. Recommend this to several friends already.
Only product I use on my hardwood floors!
Got this for my son who has a hard time focusing. He didn't mind the taste at all
Like the non stick coating and the thumb and finger loop finish and shape.
The capsules are very easy to swallow and no fish burps.
I am in the car 40+ hours a week and this works wonders for my low back pain, would recommend!
I received product 2 days ago. I heard about the product online I hope this will help me To be healthy and fit.
I bought it on amazon because the store is always sold out Amazon had it to me fast
Came with all 4 pieces. Very cute! Filled them with helium at the grocery store for minimal cost.
Received the product promptly and works perfectly.
No, seriously, I use this mini massager to get into the area between my collar bone and shoulder blade where I have pretty regular pain. The small head allows me to concentrate on that one area unlike larger massagers.
Great stuff in a bottle! They're HUGE pills, though, so if you have difficulty swallowing tablets already, this will be a bit challenging.
This is the best waxing product I have ever used. It's quick. Complete package, beautifully packaged. Containing 4 packs wax beans can let me use many times. Operation is also very convenient.
Great wrist support! Both my sister and mother uses this wrist support. They both use it for different reasons, which makes this product so versatile. First off, my mother has had carpal tunnel surgery. Her hands and wrist aren't as strong as before; therefore this wrist support has tremendously helped her lift heavier items. Secondly, my sister uses this when she plays tennis. At times, she has multiple tennis matches in one day. After holding a racket for some time, her wrists should be shaky at times. The wrist support reduces the tension and shakiness from her wrist and she is able to continue playing tennis comfortably. Overall, it is a great product. Material is nice and it is very easy to put on and take off.
Great product helping me to keep bit D level
I was quite surprised by the strength of pulses from the massager. It has many settings at various frequencies and combinations thereof. It is small but carries a strong massage if desired. It is also very convenient because it is rechargeable and is not constrained by a cord. I do not know yet how long it will run without recharging, but I do know that it will run for at least 120 minutes massages. It has a quality feel that gives me the notion that it may last and it is waterproof--a feature I have not yet tested.. This is one of the best ""personal massagers"" I've ever invested in, better than many expensive options if you're just looking for something simple. By no means, however, does simple mean weak or ineffective. The value for what I paid is almost too good to be true.
Nice sticky wrap for the person who's always getting boo boo's.
Great probiotic!! Doesn't upset my stomach like some I have tried in the past have done. Easy to swallow. I would recommend especially for anyone with a sensitive stomach.
Very small and the design is very fancy and attractive. I tried to use it, it only take 10-15 minutes to charge full battery, very fast charging, and can last for couple days. No need to cover your hand when you light up the cigarettes because it electric. very nice product for gift and great battery life.
Exactly what I needed.
I have soooooo much trouble sleeping and I've tried so many things, but last night I used this product and I SLEPT! I still woke up for my usual bathroom breaks lol, but when I was sleeping I slept! Very happy!
highly recommended. I would buy it again and again
These are so hard to find in stores. Great for all kinds of cuts/blisters on fingers and toes. Take a couple with me whenever I travel.
I love the fact that this thermometer comes with the little pouch for storage. It is lightweight and easy to use. Simply press the button while thermometer is in the ear or near the forehead and the temperature is immediately displayed. The temperature display is large, easy to read and lights up brightly.
I use this product for dry body brushing. It is excellent. i have purchased several from other manufactures and they wear down or shed or, are too soft. This product is is better for people who have been body brushing for a while and their skin is well conditioned to body brushing because the bristles are pretty hard. Overall, its top quality, last long and is a great value. The other reviews that wrote that it sheds is NOT my experience.
works great tastes great. helps me stay active at work or at the gym.
Great product. They are stink free! No sour smell! Like the different shapes.
Always use this kind!
Emergency is great for feeling better when under the weather, raspberry has always been my favorite flavor.
They are lovely easy to use
At first, I was a bit surprised by the feel of the gel fill, but after using it now multiple times, it works works incredibly well, staying cold far many hours, far longer then any similar products that I have used in the past.
This is exactly the product I've been looking for. I use reachers ever since hip surgery years ago but it's hard to find a good one that also folds and can be used when traveling. What a perfect find. It is strong and reliable and just what "the doctor ordered" Thanks for this great product/
This stuff is amazing and works so much better than lanolin!
I would definitely recommend
It's only day 4 and I havent had an upset stomache since the first one! Everyday my stomache is tore up and I go to the bathroom multiple times a day and had to number 2 right after eating breakfast or having coffee cause my stomache hurt so bad but not anymore! These have saved me! I will continue to buy.
Very handy. Easy to open and they clean my glasses well.
Taste gross but what does when it's good for you. Definitely helped get a flat tummy. Highly suggest it
These are great tanning goggles for the price! Comfortable and get the job done. I recommend these if you're looking for some!
Came up pregnant on 10 DPO
several holes to put all types of smoking utensils. love it
The flavor is not as bad as I was expecting. I basically make a shake out of it with bananas, dates, walnut milk, and cacao power and I can barely taste it. It was harder to consume when I made the suggested tea, so I just stick with the shake. I'm pregnant and have been really low on energy since before taking this, and I have noticed a difference in my energy levels after a few days of taking this.
I have severe back pain, I had surgery on my disk years ago, hope this healing pad could work. I think it is good quality so far. Nice color and comfortable touch.
Clings to my face during inhale, which is necessary to keep dust, etc. out! Easy to breathe while I'm wearing it. I wear these during flu season, not because I'm sick, but because I don't want to get sick. Last year the flu shot was only 30% effective, I didn't get one. Wearing one of these masks prevented me from getting sick! So what - I couldn't care less what anyone says or thinks! LET THEM STARE - TAKE A PICTURE, IT'LL LAST LONGER!
Batch 27 is by far one of the best pre workouts I've ever used! As a body builder I need an intense pre workout to push me through my workouts and this is it! Would definitely buy again.
This is my new workout friend. I absolutely love it.
Perfect for potty training. The Velcro sides make it easy to take on/off.
I love this stuff.. it actually tastes good. I mix it with water and frozen fruit..
Best quality and style for price. I've bought a lot of readers and am impressed with these. Will purchase again.
These gummies taste good and do not have a strong odor like other vitamins.
Our laundry detergent bottles rest on a shelf above the vacuum cleaner and the vacuum cleaner has accumulated many drops of detergent and is a sticky mess....but now I have this product and it's no longer a problem! Not only does it eliminate the mess, but it's also a one-handed task now. :-)
These are great! Definitely get the strawberry ones!!!
I'm making household cleaning out of it
This is the only product that helps reduce my triglyceride level.
So far very comfortable! Thank you
Product helps me sleep better I don't have as much knee pain
Mine had the scoop!! Really like this product.
Very comfortable and easy to use
Omggggg i bought this for my husband let me just say he has none of these problems that it is suppose to work for i just got them for fun now im laying in bed with ice on my no no spot lol really though get this
I own a myriad of different fun adult pleasure toys, but this is me and my boyfriend's favorite as it's curve always gets me to squirt. It's got great strength, speeds, patterns and due to its shape, unique and mind blowing uses. On top of that, the seller is really easy to work with and will provide quick and satisfactory resolutions to any problems or defects, speaking from personal experience.
By far best pre-workout yet!
My clients love that I added these to my massage treatments! They all say it leaves lasting results !
Great gift set, the healing ointment works like wonders!
Great Zippo quality.
I did not realize when I bought the tanning googles that they came with a case! The googles completely block the light exposure and are comfortable. The case makes it so easy to keep them in my purse and I do not have to think about what I need before I run errands. I can stop in to tan and know that I have the googles with me. Absolutely LOVE them!
Can't say enough positive things about this. Our son plays lacrosse and we've tried everything to get rid of the funk on his gear. We saw a YouTube video about this detergent and gave it a try. Most of the Mom's on the team use it now. It's fabulous!!
I have had mild to moderate dry eyes for years. This is the only product thus far, that has kept my eyes moist and made wearing my contacts more comfortable.
I am very satisfied with this product. I suffer from plantar fascitis on one heel and have tried a number of "miracle cures" over the years. From my experience with those products, along with a career focused on health care, I didn't expect this product to cure the problem....no socks will do that. But I hoped the socks would provide relief, which they certainly do. In addition to making it much easier to walk without severe pain, the socks are super comfortable to wear. I highly recommend the product.
Only poor thing was heads of screws strip easy
works great in defuser leaves no residue
My wife really liked these, easy to use
Like this aroma. Willl be ordering more of this one.
I really like it, great fiber supplement. Don`t buy it for the taste... I don`t mind the texture either, everything is pudding like
I had three braces for my ankle to help me transition from the hard plastic boot. This was the most amazing of all of them. Easy-to-use, very comfortable and super supportive! I was so highly impressed with the product and would recommend it to anyone who needs additional ankle support
Started using and love this product. I feel so much better and it has made my skin so soft and glowing.
I use this in smoothies and I am half way through the bag and I do notice improvement in my hair, skin, and nails. It is tasteless but the one thing I've noticed is that if I use too much, my smoothies become a bit frothier. I have not tried to dissolve it in water or coffee. The frothier effect may just be because I use it in a blender
Just what you'd expect from a plastic cup! No issues at all.
excellent for the sinuses. smells good
this eye mask has the softest fabric I've ever used, its really inviting to sleep and fits perfectly and comfortably
great product at a good price
These herbs are great and really work
So happy with this brand!
I received the scale quickly and loved it at first sight. It is very classy looking, especially as compared to my thick old scale. The readings are in both kg and lbs and your weight shows as soon as you step on it. There's no getting on and off before it responds like my old scale required. Because of the glass top, it is easy to clean and because of its thinness, it easy to store under a cabinet. What I really like is that it shows small differences in your weight which can be encouraging or motivating as the case may be. It's big enough for all the different size feet in my family. Chances are, I'll have to buy another one for the kids' bathroom, but that's not a problem at this price. The battery looks like it is easy to change and inexpensive to change when needed.
After deciding to get rid of sugar in or house, I needed to find a decent replacement. This has been my favorite Stevia, and the only one we buy. Does it taste exactly like sugar? No. But it has the most mild flavoring and lack of after taste of any Stevia I've tried. It's acually really grown on us, and even my husband doesn't mind it now! And the kids have no idea the difference. Thankful to have found a healthy alternative to sugar so that we can still enjoy a sweet treat once in a while!
Great smell but concentrated smelling. Will need to use less than usual oils. Using less will make it last longer... Nice.
It took me 6 months of using these after weaning my first to conceive, so nothing MAGICAL but they do their job for sure. After conceiving, I was pretty confident in my ovulation date because of these strips and at my first sonogram, my doctor confirmed I was correct down to the exact day, per his measurements. The pregnancy tests are definitely not early detection, but it was still nice to have 20 laying around for when I couldn't resist.
Fast shipping and affordable price
Thanks for my order! I know it's not your fault but it was at the wrong apt. I just wanted to say thanks for texting me that my package was delivered!! Have a happy new year!!!
So cute!! Cannot wait for the girls and I to wear these for my bachelorette party!!
Perfect for travel first aid kit!
This product works great on sweaty feet.
Sometimes these products can leave a burning feelings or stinging feeling and this product does neither. I like that it comes with a healing lotions and can be easily applied.
More in the head and less in the shower floor and drainage. I like that this product comes through for me. I have tried a couple other products before but I have never been this content with just a single one. I would absolutely recommend this.
In my opinion these hemp papers are the best Zig-Zag papers ever made. They're really thin but really tough, perfect for taste cause you're not burning regular paper these don't effect the taste or anything & they burn perfectly.
This stuff is no joke. It has all day hold for my handlebar mustache. I highly recommended.
Charger works great! Solid, stable charger with a good place to keep my iPhone at night!
Disolves fast after swallowing.
This noise machine helps my baby sleep peacefully.It has six harmonious sounds and helps to soothe the mood quickly and makes calm our mind.It is easy to use, compact and portable.You can set three timers with auto off timer and also you can manually turn off the machine.There are two speakers available left and right.Good to use while you are napping, yoga and meditation.
From a major allergy sufferer, I was skeptical on buying this instead of my "go to" of Flonase. After a month's use, it works the exact same as the pricey stuff!
Purchased these to keep baby's formula cool in the little cooler bag that came with our diaper bag. They stay frozen for a really long time! Even overnight!
This is quite possibly the best travel tissue on the market. I have allergies and they hold up very well. I use them daily and would highly recommend them ! Thank you 👍
I like this flavor, and they are energizing.
I've only been using it a few days and have noticed an increase in my supply. Tastes like tea which makes it easy to drink, I use a dropper full in a small amount of water.
This cream is very good.but if the price is lower. I will buy a lot to give to my friends.
This stuff works, well. It may require more application if you're busy for very long, but a little goes a long way. Water based and safe for use on silicone.
Well anything to make it easy on my teenager to Ice her shin splints.. Teens always have an excuse not to sit and ice so these work great and allow her to continue on
Very happy with the product and the seller, works...
Worked great very pleased excellent price
So far I'm really satisfied. The flavor is milder than I'd expected, it tastes like green tea. My brain fog has seemed to cleared up and pain in my wrist and knee are gone.
they are all the same. just go with the one you can afford! :)
Does the job to season a humidor.
I am extremely pleased with this product. After several weeks of discomfort from wax build and failed results from both prescription and over the counter ear drops I decided to try Equadose. The kit arrived in a timely manner as promised. The instructions were clear and easy to follow. I was truly amazed at how effectively it worked. It was like a miracle. Really!! I had instant relief. I cannot give enough praise for this product. Thank you!
Happy with purchase. Thank you.
awesome love its working
Awesome product! I like this product because is made in Canada and process in the US. Thank you for not processing your product in China. That means a lot.
Love these drops. They are easy to measure out and my little one's gassy and upset stomach seems to have settled. These were a life saver, I'll recommend probiotics to any new mom or dad!
Easy to use very fast results
Very good for picking up small items. Company was very good at their description and the grabbers arrived a day before expected. I would recommend this company and these grabbers for everyone!
My husband is a Vet and wanted these to write notes to his Vet friends. They are good quality.
Very slick and slippery. Remains so for a long time. Better than all the other lubes I've tried.
excellent packaging.You can feel the quality.Length gives you more leverage for a better job and besides I have big hands.Great product.
Fits perfect! I love the style and the price was great. Defiantly recommend buying this!
This was my first time trying a hemp cream, it really helped to take away the pain I was feeling in my knee. I had a minor extension at the gym and decided to try something new. I was surprised at how quickly it worked. The soreness went away and stayed away throughout the day with just one application.
I love this product, It does what it says and helps to lower my blood pressure also
The first time we used it we got pregnant!!
Great quality and very cute!
I started using this product and I notice that I go to the bathroom an hour after taking the pills. It has help me a lot with my constant constipation.
I have a large water flosser at home but this small one is a must for traveling. This is my second one, the one I just bought I bought for guests. A new toothbrush and a clean water flosser and your guests will thank you. Cleaning and sterilizing the attachments is easy with hot water and a little disinfectant of your choice. I love these things.
Nice to have in ear & forehead attachments for temp readings.
Liked the taste and energy boost without the harsh crash
First they come in a really nice cloth package; clearly handled with care. They're very soft with a very mild scent, if any - they just smell clean and soft. I've used 3 of them on a few loads and was very pleased how my clothes came out. Definitely fewer wrinkles and I also dried a couple loads of sheets and towels that usually take quite a while but the loads using the balls did seem quicker. I've previously tried plastic dryer ball but these wool ones seem to have more actual effect, and they don't get tangled in the laundry. Definitely recommend. Suggest some guidance on how many to use per wash, how long to expect them to last, etc. Also in terms of price getting 6 of these for what I paid was a good deal!
This product is actually taste good.
Nice quality and arrived very quickly!
Love this pattern. I used the butterflies as table decor instead of on the cups. I bought extra napkins to use on decoupage projects.
Just what the wife needed for checking her BP
Great supplement. Being in our family for generations.
They work well to support proper vitamin D levels
Have to get used to it at first but once you do it works great. No issues with the product and I haven't heard my partner complain... Yet!!
My eye doc recommended putting a warm compress on my eyes for dry eye symptoms so I searched Amazon for an all natural version. Came across this item and it's great! Strap keeps it snug, bonus!
Exactly as described. Love the colors. Fits perfectly in my yeti/artic tumblers.
Within a week of taking this product my chronic lower back pain was completely gone! No other changes in my medications or diet. This stuff works!!!
These socks are so incredibly soft! I love how they make my feet feel!
Works just like it's supposed to. Just re apply to your needs based on usage of your items. I've used it on outdoor cushions/ waterproof jacket/ kayak covers this far.
These were awesome! I wore them to workout the other day and they helped a lot! And the 2 loops really helped stay on so much better!
Large size and doesn't irritate by kids cute cheeks.
Helps with leg cramps.
I smell flies in lab for a living. So me and neighbors dog have the best noses in the hood. We hate dryer sheets smell. These dryer sheets have no sickening smell like most brands.
Great. Remains warm longer than I expected.
Fits great and I sleep better
Of all the CoQ-10 on the shelves, big box and health shops this tops them all.
Awesome lighter for candles. I love that it's rechargeable and I don't have to deal with butane refills.
Easy to take and effective
Great value! This stuff is great and I feel great. Super easy to use, just a couple of drops under your tongue! I highly recommend this product.
You really get your monies worth with this 365 day supply.
My eyes feel a lot better now that I use these while working on my computer.
Works and fast. Great find
This toy definately has got everything I need. It has sucking, vibration, no need for battery ( which also annoying, because they are not cheap). I like magnetic charging, it so easy and convenient. Vibration power is adjustable. Works great for mr. Thank you!
Works Like a Charm!!
Great product! Great service. Adorable packaging - you can tell a lot of care has gone into the creation of this product. There is a learning curve to use this for sure! And if you remember back to your young days, using a tampon took a little getting used to also. But the instructions and customer service, I promise, will promptly answer any question you have. They'll help you with your experience and ease your concerns. I definitely recommend not cutting the little tab until you wear it for a few periods, because where it feels comfortable seems to change based on the day of my period. Also, I can't exclusively use this, which is OK! It still reduces how many tampons I need to buy. I feel my body get tired after having it in for 12 hours, and so I need it to rest for the next day or overnight.
Smells good. Works well on wood floors
Bought based on reviews for a new house with dark wood floors. Floors in great condition but very dull. This was awesome! Used cleaner, then polish. I did two coats of polish and am thrilled.
i have lots of converse shoes. The back is rubbing against my heel or some times the bottom is too hard. the product make me comfort with my shoes and fit me
Wife loves it. Not the quietest thing in the world, but it is powerful, which matters more to us.
I needed long reusable straws for my larger cups. This is the 3rd time I've bought these as I not only bought them for myself but my sisters as well. Highly recommend these straws and they are such a great price!
Smells really good. Took some time to ship but, smells true to name and lasts a while.
after a long day at work my feet were killing me and my diabetic neuropathy was killing me. I got home to find my first order of this had arrived. when I went to bed that night my wife slathered my feet and legs with it and it was one of the best nights sleep i got in a long time. It knocked the pain in my feet out almost immediately and the stabbing pain from the neuropathy was almost completely gone the whole night. I don't care what is in it, it could be ground up baby unicorns, I am placing my second order tonight.
Ever since I use this product, I don't suffer from terrible allergies. As soon as I feel I start sneezing, I take these and the allergy is gone! Can't live without this product.
The lids snap great. The option to pop a day out to take with you is fantastic, you have to apply pressure from the bottom so they won't fall out if you leave together. The small size will easily hold 2-3 pills per side (am/pm)
I tried this out but had low expectations based on reviews that said it only stays on a couple of days. I've had it on for a week now & it looks as great as it did when it first went on. I love the color as well. Very pleased overall.
Excellent brand excellent for my whole body and my blood pressure too. Thanks
This thing does get your hair back. It works incredibly well. It was recommended to me by a dermatologist in Central America. I had my doubts but this does work. It takes a few months but I was incredible changes. My wife loves my "new" hair.
This is a great product! I have felt that the quality is excellent and the price is affordable.
I love the arch support braces and have worn them every day since receiving this. I wear them at night and all day and they seem to help. The ball is also great for stretching while doing other things. It is firm enough that it doesn't cave under the weight of your foot. As for the brace, it is a great brace and well made. It is taking some time to get used to like any brace would but, I am leaving it on for longer periods each night and hope I can make it to a full night soon. I can already tell my pain is improving and will be purchasing another brace soon.
Best rechargeable batteries on the market. Hands down.
Just received this and it is awesome! So very soft and fluffy and is so comfortable to sleep on!!
This stuff is really nice. It's not super long lasting, but it's not a bad amount of time and it fades nicely without a sticky residue. This scent is my favorite, but the pina colada is good too.
Biggest draw back is having to pre soak for one hour
Great if you're doing Keto or low carb. Two pills a day and you're good!
After reading reviews about it being small, I ordered it - since I'm a petite 5'0" female - so glad I did! It fits my neck and shoulders so well. It's comfortable and soft, and gets decently hot. Mine definitely has an auto shut off, but it doesn't shut off for 2 hours, and can be turned off and on again and it heats back up. I've also used it on my lower back and abdomen with no trouble. Love it!
I've been using this product for years and I am not looking back. A great high-quality product worth paying a little bit extra for extra quality
Saving the environment one bag at a time. These paper bags a made of good quality. They are strong and hold some good weight. The variety is also a plus I am mostly using the small and medium sizes and might eventually need the large for gifts etc
Just started taking our supplements today but we've heard great things. In a couple weeks I'll come back and edit my review and let you know how they are.
This is easily my favorite collagen product! My skin has cleared up in a few days of taking it, and my hair feels smoother. I highly recommend this to anyone!
These are the best for reducing anxiety and for giving the hands something more appropriate to do!! We love the firm putty for twisting, pinching and pulling. The softer ones are great for smaller hands.
This did wonders and clean my stainless steel sink it took all the water stains out of my sink it's outstanding love this product
The first time I used this, I thought it was a pleasant shopping. This cleaning action gives you a healthy feeling. This product is impressive and improves my health. If you think you need it, I suggest you try it.
Quality supplement, I keep reordering it for my mother. She has no complaints and doesn't have a flushing issue.
Excellent product I can't live without; the baby takes 3 vials willingly each nite to help her sleep & they are completely natural & safe!
Perfectly firm, ultra comfortable and great value. Was recommended by a massage therapist to use this and I love it. Save me some trips for massage.
Nice bags, good quality and perfect size for my needs.
used diva cup for a year and this is way better the doesnt feel as hard inside so it is more comfortable, doesnt stain as bad as diva cup and you really cant feel it
Durable, and good quality
We use it for our home dish washing........
Love this product! I was skeptical of it's claims but after using for a while I am a believer! Got a good deal on my last bottle during prime day but even at it's regular price it is worth every penny. I am amazed at the changes in my digestion and overall gut health since I have been taking this probiotic. Will definitely recommend to my friends!
Just started taking this and it already made me feel very alert and mentally clear. So far I have been able to get through a 12 hour shift with no problem. I was starting to fall asleep at the wheel on my way home from work and after taking this I felt wide awake! This was wonderful! And there are no jittery feelings at all. That is a huge plus. Can't wait to see how I feel after taking it longer. Thank you for making a great product!
Love thi product. Def got my colon the way I like it.
Seemed to really help my granddaughter with her teething and she loves the flavor which helps too. Just put a couple drops on her teething toys and she just goes crazy chewing on them. And like I said it definitely seems to be making a difference! Can I just say thank you for that! Watching her crying in pain is very tough for me so to find something that is all natural that actually works, hallelujah!
Does very well on short runs or even with new shoes holds up to friction and movement but only for a few hours peels off with moisture
I wanted a high quality Fish Oil supplement from a company I know is committed to quality standards. Yes, the price point is higher but the results are well worth it. I used other products from this company with much success.
this product works extremely well
Excellent product, very useful professional quality tools. Makes it much easier to keep your teeth as clean as possible. The case is plastic but that is not a problem - it is just a place to store the items, so it doesn't get a lot of wear. Great price and quick ship.
Ordered before and really liked them. Lasted me about 6-7 months. Not sure what the recommend life span for a pair is, but I toss every week. I've tried other brands and this is the winner.
Saw this little bugger during a Lamaze class when the nurse brought it out. Three other couples asked about it as well after using it and immediately falling in love. My hands get sore with massages and this saves the day as it's ten times better than me fumbling around. Will recommend to friends and family if asked.
Great towels. Used them for windows and furniture. Clean great and don't leave lint. Washed up great.
Lightweight, easy to use. Comfortable to wear.
This product is amazing. I have sciatica and it has been getting progressively worse. I've tried yoga, stretches, medication, and massage with only minimal relief. I saw this and decided to give it a try. Easy to set up. Put on the sleep mask, laid down, asked Alexa to set a timer for 10 minutes and play some spa music, closed my eyes and laid my head in the hammock. I could immediately tell it was helping. Best stretch I ever had. After 10 minutes I was able to feel quite a bit of relief from the pain. I was able to get off the floor much easier. So simple, relaxing, and effective. Highly recommend.
This product had been a life saver. I have chronic lower back issues related to stress. After using the TENS for about three days, I noticed a considerable difference in my mobility and flexability. I also had begining symptoms of locked shoulder. I began using this on the surrounding muscles and reversed the symptons. What a game changer.
The unit is good, especially for a single guy like me. Do not need to go to the massage shop after work and can do it myself. The stimulation is not the same, but is reasonably effective. Satisfied customer.
Arrived sooner than expected and work well.
This has been great to help me curb my appetite and stay on track with my diet.
This product arrived exactly how it was pictured and came discreetly. The size is perfect and not too big, especially if this is a beginner toy. I really liked the different options and all in and all, had a blast! Would recommend!!
Love this product. I've purchased the roll on for my husband for his back and decided I'd try the pump for my feet. It does work.
it makes me full fresh. keeps me dry.
Potent and easy to swallow
My sister says it helps her knee pain! 👍
We got a travel size babyganics hand sanitizer ad a gift and liked it so much that we bought these! The formula is unscented, which I like for products that we use around baby, and it dries nicely without feeling sticky. It's also anti microbial instead of anti bacterial and with all the horror stories about super bacteria, it makes me feel better using an anti microbial formula. The pump works smoothly. Shipped quickly and packaged nicely.
Does what it's supposed to & is a good price, easy to use my kids test me all day just for fun .
Don't taste it at all whether in my flavored water or on food. Clumps are a bit tough to dissolve, but eventually do. Trying to to keep my gut healthy and this should help.
This is our favorite scent by far..
Never had an issue with the scale. Works great and I LOVE the measuring tape it comes with.
I bought this for Mom who has macular degeneration. She's actually able to do some reading with this! She can't use it for very long at a sitting; she isn't incredibly strong and after a while this gets to be too heavy for her to hold up to look through. However, it does work!
Support belt good use is also very convenient, with no waist so the stomach acid can also be very warm
Very easily digestible, having the same great results as the powdered L-carnitine that I have used before but with the added convenience of pill form with meals.
The wipes are really easy to use. They are just what I needed for quick, daily cleanings.
I was recently diagnosed with tachycardia and this means that my heart occasionally has an abnormal rhythm. Although my cardiologist has put me on a low dose beta blocker, I started looking around for supplements to also help address this issue. CoQ10 is one that will help as well as Hawthorn berry. This Actif brand has both in one pill. I haven 't taken it long enough to see a definite difference, but I think it will take time. I like that it is easy to swallow these soft gels and I have no stomach upset after taking them. I have read that it is better to take 100 mg twice a day instead of 200 mg at one time. So, even though the directions say to take both in the morning, I take one at that time and then another in the afternoon.
I just started taking this product , thus I haven't much to say so far. It does seem to help with appetite control, so time will tell.
Not sure if this is exactly what I need. Maybe I would like if the individual cubes could click in so that when traveling they are not all over the place. But with that being said, the labelled cubes made it seamless to stick them back in the container. I love that you can grab a couple for traveling etc. And I can keep track of the entire month and know when to update my prescription. Great product.
The entire family uses the drops including a toddler. So easy to use. Will purchase again.
My boyfriend loves it so much...
Fast delivery and work well so far.
It took a little time to understand how it work but once i got it going I LOVE IT Great product
Great product. Very creamy. I love the thickness of the product
Great Product thus far. It comes with different sized nose vents which met my needs. So far i have just used the nose vents and it indeed improved my breather at night and reduce significantly snoring. Very happy with the product. Fast delivery
Works well. Helps to keep my son from getting frequent sinus infection since having surgery. His doctor recommended it and it's worth it.
If your looking for this type of specialty cane and need a heavy duty model this is outstanding, it has push button easy to adjust height but with an added screw down knob that prevents vibration. It's a super solid cane that I have no doubt will support the weight it says it will. I got it primarily to assist in getting in and out of shower where a normal cane can slip on wet bathroom floor, this won't slip and can easily handle my weight.
Great customer service!
First impression: Beautiful. Heavier than I expected, but in a good way. The chain feels scratchy, so I'll probably just use a different one rather than risking a snag. 👍
This is a very good quality plastic multipurpose scraper. It is very useful. This plastic scraper seems very durable. I used it to open the can cover so I don't need to use my nail and avoid scratching my nail polish. It works perfect! I love my purchased!
This chair worked great once we padded the arms and put some padding across the back at the top. So they need to pad both of those places. The arms and across the top. The padded seat made a difference for the person it was bought for once we modified it.
This has been great for my moods, love it's all natural!
The NOW brand has been a favorite of mine for a very long time for vitamins and other supplements because of their high quality. Their essential oil is no disappointment!! Excellent essential oil!
I like the flavor a lot and the energy is good too
It is a bit tricky to cut my pill in half but it generally works ok.
This ribbon turned into amazing bows! Fast delivery and super affordable! Good quality!
Nothing comes between me and my gold bond
I am wearing this as I write. Use it everyday! Besides healing use this if you have a pet! Just place around your shoulder to protect your surgery so you will be protected-even when sleeping.
I have been adding MCT oil to my coffee for over a year now. At one point I stopped purchasing kiss my keto and purchased another brand simply because of the price difference. Let me tell you, you get what you pay for! I found that my energy levels dropped when I stopped using this brand. I decided to come back to kiss my keto and have found that my energy levels have increased again! I love that it is unflavored and I can mix it with my coffee without altering the flavors and I love that it came with a pump, no more guessing on how much oil is "a squeeze". Thank you! i never want to use another brand!
This humidifier gives off a more than adequate fine mist and diffuses my essential oil perfectly for my bedroom. The unit shuts off when the reservoir empty every time, so I am comfortable leaving it running overnight.
These wool balls are excellent, they help the drying process a lot. I like putting scented oils on the balls, makes laundry smell amazing. And no harsh chemicals involved.
Light, airy, and so yummy! These are great keto-friendly snacks. I LOVE to make nachos with these!
Love, love, love this massager. Cordless is great. My husband and I use it almost everyday.
I used it for myself was told it would arrive on a certain date and it it arrived 2 days earlier
Same product that my PT uses. Helpful in gaining strength in my hand.
I suffer with pain from my sciatica and sometimes trying to continue to workout on treadmill with that pain stops me. I found that this brace has helped me quite a bit. Fits great, very comfortable and love that I can adjust it with the Velcro. It kept my leg supported so I can continue my workout.
To keep allergy symptoms under control I need to take loratadine every day. This generic loratadine products works just as well as the high-priced brand name equivalent and it is a true bargain, as a whole year's supply is about the same price as a month's worth of the brand name. :)
Simple and perfect with sweetness overload.
My Mother used this product. I'm 70 years young and haven't seen it in years. I love this product and glad yo find it. Thanks
Product is what I expected but packaging can be better. Boxes were crushed.
I like this product but how to I get the next one free with the coupon? Thank you
I used this in my bathroom. Great burst of aroma. it's cheaper at Wal-Mart.
It worked with my tens unit & stays on my skin - thanks!
I just started the Keto diet and was in need of some electrolytes without the sugar. These are great to add to my water! They taste great and are reasonably priced. I liked the mixed package too. We all have different faves in our house so it works for us.
I was expecting a little more of an orange scent. Came incredibly fast.
A real life changer!!! I even wear them while watching television! There is a very faint tint on the lense that (I believe) give me a bit more protection and relief from the light compared to the plain lenses on the market. All discomfort from burning eyes is completely gone, I wish I would have bought these years ago! The frame is sturdy but super lightweight, easy to wear for hours.
My little ones umbilical hernia was enlarged and seemed painful. He wasn't able to sleep on his back or in a rocker, and had a lot of problems passing gas and everything related. This helped so much more than I could have imagined. His hernia is half the size it was in just a week. If you're in doubt about whether or not to buy, make the plunge. It's more than worth it.
This product really does a number on my child's eczema and I couldn't be happier! I don't feel bad about putting it on her sensitive skin thanks to the good ingredients! I know anything with good ingredients isn't going to be cheap so.. The smell isn't pleasant, but it's not the worst smell. Anything scented irritates her skin. Thanks Healthy Jelly Creators!
Its amazing, so many benefits
Ordering through amazon makes it easier for me and I keep this on hand for grandchildren .
Love the smell and how it feels on my sore muscles.
This is the first review I've ever felt compelled to write. I tried a different collagen powder for three months, not noticing any change. I read the glowing reviews on this collagen powder and decided to try it. My knee was injured a year ago, and I experienced constant pain and stiffness after every workout & even when sitting for short periods of time. (I'm only 45 years old.) I had been consistently taking ibuprofen and icing my knee daily. After reading the glowing reviews about this collagen, I decided to give it a try. Within one day, yes one day, I realized that my knee was not hurting! I'm back to taking my high impact cardio classes & not experiencing pain afterwards. I am so thrilled! I've told my family, friends, anyone who mentions pain or stiffness, about this product! I'm not sure what makes this collagen different from the others, but it's done wonders for me! It's affordable, tasteless and easy to add to my daily regimen. If you are looking to relieve your pain, please try this collagen!
We use these for our daughter all of the time. It is a great way to rehydrate her after a day at the zoo or ensure she is hydrated throughout a day at the beach.
Great stuff, great ingredients. I would suggest not taking anymore of the daily dose after 2pm or else you'll have too much energy at night, at least in my case. Maybe I'm underweight for the dosage it requires. Otherwise you can definitely feel the positive affects it has on you. Am going to buy again once I run out.
So they're good for what they're intended for but I was hoping I could snag a few of these from my wife to put under the rug in the foyer to keep it from moving. Yeah that didn't work. Oh well for my redneck engineering.
I bought this for my mom, she is very happy with the product
Thank you for sending this saviour product promptly. Ive tried others Organic and medical grade. From what i can tell you folks got it right. Im a pain patient of 21 hours of spinal surgery. I now have a neurological stress based terrible breathing problem . Your product chilled me out so my breathing is calmed down and my pain meds cut down subsequently. Gd love you. You rock.
Received on time and perfect
We purchased this for my 7 year old son who already had some magic tracks. He loved the addition of the ramp and intersection. He also loves the car and all of the lights and sounds. I would consider buying a second set for him.
It is relieving the dryness of the eye to great extent.
Feels pretty good, lasts a while still... Except the inside of the vag side is coming apart.. so I've heard
I ordered this for my husband since low testosterone was an issue, two months later test was done and he was just right where he needed to be.
Awesome! Helps so much!
I am very satisfied with this product.it is so comfortable and well made,I believe it will last long in my shoes.
I used these no tie locks for a pair of Nike shoes. They are perfect and easy to put on shoes. I will definitely order more of these.
they seem to help my daughter with her anxiety and panic attacks.
Received exactly what I ordered, but product was leaking from cartons when I opened the package. I notified the company, and they took care of the problem to my satisfaction. Great customer service. Very happy. I would order from this company in the future without any hesitations. I understand problems can occur when shipping products. It is how a company handles problems which really matters, and this company took immediate action to make sure I was satisfied. I would recommend using this company for future purchases.
Cholesterol went down 7 points and doctor said because of your product. She prescribed it and recommends it. Thank you.
It definitely is a deep tissue massager. It has much more power than I expected. It comes with three attachments and one of them is too strong to use on my neck even on the lowest setting. I'm so impressed with this massager that I ordered a second one for my boyfriend as he has neck and shoulder problems too.
The dermatologist recommended this to me. Soaking in your feet in it for three minutes every other day in the shower completely eliminates photo order.
Been using this product for a little over 3 years and it's the only beard wash I will use. The smell may not be that of an old barber shop, but it does smell good and clean. I tried washing my beard with regular shampoo, but that left it dry. Since using this product, I have noticed a significant difference in softness. I'd recommend it to anyone.
Bought these by mistake, but keep them bundled with my old Alta (I now have the HR)
Love this product! It makes my fingers and nails look nice and moisturized and healthy. It heals fast. It smells nice. It came packaged nicely and fast! Definitely recommend!
I love my new Alta. I had a Charge 2 but really like the design of the Alta and the fact that you can change the bands. Ordering online was convenient too!
Product was as described and came with easy to follow instructions. I used it for the backdrop for my daughters unicorn luau birthday party.
I've read up a lot on CBD oil and its benefits, but I was always skeptical. After using this product for awhile, I'm a believer! I have seen a huge improvement in the quality of my sleep since beginning to take this product. I also have felt like I have had less inflammation, and am recovering better after hard workouts. The taste is a very mild mint, similar to that of mint dental floss. I highly recommend this product!
I liked the storage capacity and the fact that it is easy to attach. I liked the different pockets so you could store your cell phone on outside so not digging in big area . I used it for everything from cellphone, water bottle, food or snacks, tv remotes, ice packs, clothing, medicine etc..
It is sure a help on my old knees to have a little lift off help.
These really work for cramp prevention and to near eliminate lower leg edema.
Bought the pedal exerciser for my 87 yr old mother. She loves it and although she is active - even still mows her own lawn, she likes using it when she is inside when the weather is rainy or cool. She liked the fact it was assembled except for the tension knob so she was able to use it right out of the box.
Works very well for me in many allergy types. Now I order it for my family members. Just wish I knew it before. Thanks
I can never find this classic stuff at the drug store - just the stretchy kind that doesn't do crap to support my ankle. This stuff is key if you have an ankle injury and don't want to be stuck on the sidelines, or if you want to prevent an injury, or if you are coming back from an injury.
I had a vision to buy greens from New Zealand. They have much higher standards for agriculture then the U.S. I looked on amazon and found Antler Farms. The stuff is great! I drink it everyday! Recommend!
it may be a little better than 4 blades. but overall I love this razor. well built and it does shaved good. I believe they do sell 4 razor blades for this to. I threw all my razors away today. if you don't buy this razor, you don't know what you're missing
This is great tape. Breaths but stays put. My skin is adhesive sensitive yet does pretty well with this stuff.
It does exactly what I wanted like a deep tissue massage... Very happy 5 Stars....
I liked the chewy effect. They aren't pills.
Good Thyroid supplement product.
Bought on recommendation of a friend to relieve arthritis pain. Used in combination with prescription and it very effectively gave me relief.
My husband used the hydration drink mix yesterday for the first time. He had no complaints.
This product works great! I take it daily to give me energy before working out or even going to work. It also has no calories, which is awesome.
i have been looking for nail files like these in stores with no luck
My shoe size is 6.5. I bought M as I don't like it too tight. Size M is somewhat loose around my feet but supports my sprained ankle perfectly. After I hand washed I feel it got shrank a little bit but that's even better for me. It's been 2 weeks since I sprained my ankle and I started to wear this a few days ago. My ankle feels much better recovering much faster than I expected.
IRISH CANDY BAGS FOR THE OFFICE THANK`S
Just what I needed. Thank you
I'm very impressed with their customer service. When I had initially ordered my guard, it was uncomfortable. After emailing the customer service specialist, they suggested I switch to their softer guard. They sent me a new guard and it was a perfect fit! Great product. Great customer service. Highly recommend.
Great product. The different levels are great.
I love this! It's storage for all the stuffed animals and a comfy seat for the littles. My son loves playing and crawling all around on it. I love that the teddy bears are hidden. Win, win!
After trying a few different brands, this one seems to be working better. I'll post updates after using it for longer periods.
works great have no trouble at all out of it. like that it is not wifi.
Help maintain ketosis and provide steady energy throughout the day.
These BCAAs are great! They help greatly with DOMS! I am usually sore for a couple days, these BCAAs cut down the soreness if not alleviate the soreness all together.
I've taken fish oil for years. I learned that the processing of fish oil is more potentially damaging to the oils than krill oil. This product has a pleasant smell when you open the bottle.
After working out for sore muscles
I love that these are not super expensive and all the ingredient are healthy and non-synthetic. That is such an important component in buying vitamins. I also appreciate that the bottle is completely blocked from sun exposure. I am impressed with these!
I have a stiff neck and tight shoulders. Wearing this back brace the first day, the pain was gone. This will be effective in improving my posture, especially at work when using my computer. I would recommend.
This broom is perfect for what I was looking for.... it is soft , as I got it for my hardwood floors.... the dust pan is also good for the floors... overall it is perfect...
I have used this product for a long time. I quit for awhile, but found that when I started again how much better I felt! Good Stuff!!!
I caught a cold exactly at the start of the New Year. Happy New Year to me! I prefer more natural medications, so about 2 days into this cold, I looked for homeopathic cold medications on Amazon and found Umcka. This product reduced my symptoms within a couple of doses, in 24 hours my sore throat was relieved. I was over this cold 4 days after starting this cold remedy, It worked like a charm for me.
So far, this working out great!! Less pain, great support, and able to walk better now...
I have been exercising for at least 6 days out of the week since March this year and my feet would stay swollen. The only time they would go away for a time was when I would water fast but then they would return shortly after I fasted. When I started taking these water pill I had seen results when I didn't fast. My feet are wide regardless but they look so noticeably slender and I'm now not so insecure about wearing them out in sandals in the summer. These supplements are amazing.
Love these! Taste great and no carbs! Just a pinch makes a vodka and water super yummy.
Will buy again...love it!
Perfect for NP School!!!
Works perfectly with my Tens 7000. The adhesive is strong, I actually fell asleep with the pads on me, and it was still secured when I woke up. This is a great product and great price.
I didn't know what I was going to do... my feet were hurting... put it on for the last 2 days and the pain went away... It is a quality product... Wish I thought about it myself... its so helpful... J Hiram
Amazing product great fit!
It does the job, and also attracts other pests
Large enough covers your back.
Easy to swallow and no after taste
Excellent Product I purchased this for my friend who has to monitor his blood pressure often due to a heart problem. He travels a lot so the light weight monitor is perfect He loves it and he get his pressure reading reports to accurately compare. Thank you for such an excellent product.
Excellent design! The balls and the heat pad were perfectly designed. It really give your a relax muscles in the neck and back. Strongly recommended to have it.
Smells heavenly! Before bed I put some on my wrists and neck to help me relax. Arrived quickly and was packaged well.
Comfortable with no rough edges and just the right height.
Excellent product felt relief right away!
Nice!! Great product!!
Husband likes it..comes in helpful
It's quick and easy to disinfect surfaces in the kitchen and bathroom.
Great for chaffed legs.
Great price. I go through this like water. Don't want to get sick. Was happy to find it at a reasonable price.
I used this product prior and was not impressed. Had to go on diet for medical purposes and tried it again and loved it! Great option to sweeten my Green tea. Husband is a diabetic and loves it as well.
I LOVE THIS! So many of my friends bought this after they tried mine..
Works Great so far have lost 5lbs in a week and half. Really held me to get fuller faster!!
LOVE IT, GAVE ONE TO MY SISTER.
This is a non-invasive way to help correct posture. My upper back pain is much less when I wear this device. Be sure to use the underarm pads.
Happy with performance 🙂
Very satisfied with this product and the expediency receiving my order.
It is a good product - use every day with inulin - digestive system is great
It is made in China, which initially turned me off a little bit. It's hard to buy tissues sized at this in the U.S., and this size is actually very convenient. It's small enough, so that if I'm just wiping out some tiny stuff, no waste would be caused. The most surprising feature is that it does not lint. I used it to wipe after washing my face and it does not leave any paper shred on my face. Perhaps it's because it's made of bamboo, rather than regular wood.
I am happy, it is soft and helps with my needs now that I am old.
Smells fantastic and works well
To enhance health protection.
Our go-to for disposables for three boys through diapers.
Cheapest and best wig I own (for cosplay purposes). Super cute, slightly itchy but that might just be me being sensitive to those things. Pretty easy to style and looks realistic, especially considering it's synthetic and cheap. Would absolutely buy again.
I love that it turns itself on every day at the time you determine!
It is a standard digital scale with a super chic design. I was looking for a smart scale to sync with my fitbit but the prices were outrageous so i sucked it up and just got a modern looking scale with a sleek design, and I love it. the price is absolutely a steal for the product. weight is accurate, even on my lopsided floor. no issues yet, at least!
My husband had a surfing accident where the point of the board hit his shoulder giving him a painful bursitis. He's tryed all kinds of stuff and the pain just did t go away. After a week of taking stem kine he was felt much better.
Pain free almost immediately.
These are very helpful. I have very high arches and have difficulty finding adequate support.