Packing was horrible, they packed it in a bag. By the time I received it, it was crushed. I hope the film still works.
It came with a broken clip to hold the legs .... I had to use a knife to shave the plastic on the legs to get it to slide to lick into place .... not to happy
Bought for a gift. Wouldn't dare give it, as it looks and feels so cheap. Not at all like the one I saw on TV.
Phone does not work when plugged in to an active land line - no dial tone. Seller asked for pictures.
I was so disappointed in this product. I was excited with it's functionality of the screen and a different color than black, along with the choices of colors of the keyboard. Unfortunately it's not as responsive as my fingers and misses words / letters and then it randomly adds periods and adds spaces. So frustrating. I didn't use it before I went out of town so I was stuck with it for a few days, drove me crazy!
I purchased 2 bookmarks and received them yesterday. Both screens don't work. I was about to return one, but now the other one said it is ineligible for a return/replacement. Not impressed.
My product says it was delivered, but, never was... Paid for something I never received, I even called, nothing has been done.
No idea what happened with this order. Ordered two phones, on separate orders. Order and payment went through, and delivery date was given. On the day they were supposed to arrive, I got notification that the order was cancelled due to "damage to package". No idea, but wasted four days waiting for phones that never arrived. No communication asking about reshipping them, so it just sounded fishy all the way around.
I bought this set as a standby in case I ran out of ink. Unfortunately when I needed to replace them, the colored ink lights kept on blinking even after I made sure it was put in correctly. I was not able to print any of my documents.. This was he first tie I had problem with refilled ink.
this company treat there costumers like shit , i ordered a GOLD stand , and just received ROSE GOLD , ARE YOU SERIOUS?!
I never got a DRUM ERROR where ALL SYSTEMS FAIL TO PRINT on my prior Toner. Now, I put this one in and it fails.
I really do not like planner, I don't understand what it wants from me. It's very frustrating. I wish I could return it.
When I print in Black only, it is impossible to read, it is so light. I have to print in color
This pen is sucks!!! It show ink. But don't work.. what kind of shit is this. Basically is trash. Thank you.
Didn't hold a light little metal cross on my bedroom wall when it fell off, I said forget it I tried rolling the tape off carefully it took the paint off my wall. NEVER AGAIN!
These are postcard stamps that the seller takes forever (pun intended) to mail. It was amazing though ... Once I tried to cancel for taking too long they shipped that day. Soooo incredibly irritated with this purchase.
Poorly made and cheap feeling. Was sent out with a broken snap, how was that missed?
I only printed one piece of paper that had very minimal color and a few black and white pieces and now I'm more than half empty of the tri color ink. Bought January 3rd 2019 and now almost empty. I've spent more on ink than what I originally paid for the printer.
The colors were pretty however one clipboard came without the top clip being attached fully to the board. I needed them for a gift the next day and Had no time to return them and shop for new ones so I was stuck with the broken clipboard.
Doesn't stick well to paper. Doesn't hold fine detail.
The projector power outlet built into the projector does not work properly as it is very loose therefore the projector does not stay connected to the power cord. This means it does not stay on long enough to project anything. I would never buy from this vendor again. Horrible product do not purchase it. Should be 0 stars
Works great at about 10 feet away phone. Any farther it can't find a signal, disconnects... basically useless.
Unfortunately it was not as sturdy as we would have liked. Will be sending this back.
Came all damage!! Need more care when they sent it !!!!
The spiral wire binding does not hold the pages securely. There is a significant gap in the wire binding, and with minimal use of the planner, the pages started falling off the spiral entirely. Like the design, layout and tabs, but it's useless as it doesn't hold together.
Doesn't fit on all desk types
This sharpener worked for a while, but stopped working. It tries to sharpen pencils, but it wont sharpen them anymore.
Arrived broken. Received an email about quality assurance asking to email them back if any issues were found. Emailed them. Never heard back.
Ordered two cartridges, one has a faulty circuit which looks melted while the other arrived with the ink leaking staining me and my desk while opening the package.
Thought we had found a great replacement. About halfway through 2 of colors exploded and ruined my printer.
The app wouldn't work try several times they need to send back get it right from company I return it
I thought this would be a card like a credit card style. NOPE! its a piece of paper laminated. Then cut and the lamination is not fully melted together in spots. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.
The plastic box that holds the kitty was broken and busted up. The kitty inside the broken box was in half with parts loose and falling out. Deplorable presentation for a gift to my son. Poor quality control.
Cartridges did not properly snap into the printer and I was unable to use them.
I would give it no stars. Worst stapler I have ever purchased. You have to push down several times to get it to staple, have the time it messes up and you have to remove staple and re-staple pages.
i got hurt while trying to put it together. would not use outdoor. its not stable at all. it might get the job done.
Of the 4 cartridges I received, 3 would not seat properly in my printer. I pulled out my HP 902XL cartridges out of my reserve stock and they seated perfectly, so it wasn't a printer or user issue.
Poor handling. One of the cartridge was leaking right out of the box.
How was this company allowed to even have a 2017 calendar for sale??!! Yes, I should have noticed, but I didn't. Waste of money.
never received what i ordered, wrong item was sent
It was ripped apart. I need it the pages that day, so I could not return it. It seems that others has the same problem
I never received the item. Contacted seller requesting shipping information to track item; however it was never provided. The seller stated they would look into it but a week later, no response.
Pulled off plastic arm and black ink went everywhere.
This did not work in my printer... according to the description, it should have.
Not what I was looking for. Need planner for work and this particular planner was overwhelming and too busy for me.
This replacement glass is not what we ordered. It wasn't glass at all, but it was plexiglass and with a blue tint to the plexiglass as well. Was not clear glass as the item description suggests. Would not order again.
This chair is roughly a year old and it's breaking down already. Armrests are cheap and wobble like none other. Chair itself if stiff and doesn't provide much support. The warranty is essentially useless and doesn't cover much of anything you'd expect for paying the price. Additionally, customer service doesn't respond to calls or emails. Do yourself a favor and go Secret Lab. In the meantime, this is $350 (at time of purchase) that I can't even say was well spent after 1 year of use. The most frustrating part is that nobody seems willing to help despite reaching out to Amazon and Noble Chairs.
Received this item a few minutes ago and was glad to see it arrive. Put it in the printer and immediately received an error message that the cartridges we're both low. The photo shows the computer readout indicating the color is just below half full and the black is almost gone. These are brand new and haven't been used yet, because the printer has a feature and won't print with cartridges that low. Very disppointed! As I continue to contact Valuetoner, I will update my review if handled.
Never did recieve them. Amazon said I recieved and signed for them, but that was incorrect. They did reimburse me, but what good is that when I need the magnets. I'm sure they are great, they look like they would do the job.
These are JUNK. The design of the handle is so bad that you cannot make a proper cut. So I would say they don't function as scissors.
Never got to use it. Did not fit my Expert. Money down the drain.
These did not work in my printer no matter how many times I tried to clear off the ink on the connectors and they wouldn't allow me to return them claiming the day I contacted them my warranty has expired the night before.
Arrived in terrible condition. There is a wrinkle in the material and it has deep dents on the front. When you open it, glue is visible at the seams. Even if the front wasn't dented, it still looks cheap. I was too busy with school to return it during the return window, but needless to say, I will never be using this.
I ordered this and never received my order.
I rated this product 1 star because after an hour of shaking half the markers they did finally work long enough to write what I needed. The pink one busted during shaking it, the ball flew out and pink went every where. I didn't even use the other half of the markers because of the amount of time it took to even make them write. Will never buy the again.
The cartridges fit my printer just fine....but they are not recognized by my printer so I have to go through about 8 steps everytime I want to make a copy of something. Not ideal.
I understand this is used but why sell it if there's no software to go with it?
Received just one box containing 5 refills. Was expecting a total of four boxes.
These smart? Notebooks are absolutely the worst quality. When you erase with the pen not everything goes away. The paper is os such a low quality that is not even glossy like other notebooks. It is such a shame that Amazon is actually selling these products. Amazon usually has ok products but theses are just just so bad that a scale to measure the poor quality of the product has not been invented.
How something could make this past QA is beyond me.
I open the blue ink and before I could put it in the printer it dripped on computer chair, my pants and my carpet. I had to rush and get some alcohol that removed most of the ink from my chair and carpet. Really disappointed. Cannon is always saying to order authorized ink and when I did it leaked all over. I would have been better off ordering a different ink cartridge rather than the authorized Cannon ink. Less problems.
Paperclips have sloped edge to allow for easy installation (not in description). However, this causes them grab other papers when placed in a stack, causing the clips to come off or inadvertently combine with other papers setting on them. Almost lost a number of invoices because of it when filing. Threw the clips out - worthless to me. Why change a tried and true design that's been around for over 100 years?
Do NOT WASTE your MONEY! These DO NOT WRITE !!! Yet alone glide like they are supposed to do!!! Absolute junk! I'm actually wondering if his company selling some type of knock off . These are the worst pens I've EVER tried to write with. And here's the best part.... They DO NOT accept returns !! Lol! Imagine that. What a surprise. If I were Amazon I wouldn't even allow them to advertise and sell on this website it's not fair to the people that trust Amazon products.
What a piece of junk . Missing parts. Not good for anything . Only gave a star because it wouldn't let me post without it
These suck, half or more leak!
Not happy at the moment. Received the "like new" item from the Amazon Warehouse today. Scanner glass was cracked as soon as I opened it up. Will revisit this review once I receive the replacement printer.
Missing second page ????
Item inside package was open and missing papers. I will not return item because it is to much trouble for a few missing sheets of paper. But I will not use this product or company again.
Very frustrated with this product. It had high reviews which lead me to purchase this glue gun. Within the first 2 minutes of using it the gun clogged up. So I exchange it for a new one thinking maybe I had a defective gun. NOPE! The 2nd gun was even worse. Clogged up almost immediately. I followed the instructions, so I know it wasn't anything I was doing wrong. If they could fix this issue on the glue gun I would say that this product is amazing, but as it is now it doesn't do what it supposed to.
It would be a great sharpener if it would not have broken so quickly. And it broke after I was unable to return it. It must not be a good design because it would have lasted much longer if it was built better.
These are not a good point, not good color, and definitely not worth the money.
After receiving this item, I selected English as the language, and then plugged it in to charge overnight. When I came back in the morning, it was in Chinese - And now I can't get it back to English. Any suggestions? I'll revise my review if someone out there can help me...
Wrong item was sent and I can't complete it. Hoping I can get the correct peice sent to me.
This cutter does not cut straight lines. Even if I use a T-square to make the paper perfectly straight, it will not cut straight, because the cut is curvy, rather than straight. The blade pulls the paper left and right as it cuts downward. I'm going back to my Fiskars paper cutter.
I bought this set but it's missing the kneaded eraser that was mentioned in the title, description, and pictured. This was primarily the reason I bought this item and I'm pretty pissed actually
I don't do presentations every day, or even every week or month, so I thought with a nice review, most people getting the issues they had rectified, that this would be a great purchase. After 1 use, and a battery change to make sure that wasn't the issue, when I plug the USB dongle into the computer and turn it on it just flashes green once for any button I press. It will not connect with the computer, and the the laser pointer doesn't even work which would at least give me some use with my pets. This is a YMMV type of purchase it seems.
Useless. Worked one time, then just started crimping at very top edge and ripping paper
I received this key cabinet today and it looked really nice until you opened it and then it was disappointing. The item looks used. I immediately ordered a replacement and this is the 3rd time I had to send something back because its either broken or used item. This might be the last time I'll be ordering from here for awhile.
The package received was empty
Where is this? I never received my package. My neighbor did!
We ordered this for work and once it got placed on the door you can barely see it, the white border somehow needs to be brighter, it's very dull and almost transparent.
I disliked that the shredder stopped working after two uses, the green light would not come on when plugged into the electrical outlet and the machine would not work at all.
I bought a Rocketbook Wave Smart Notebook - Standard and the pen did not work
Everyone of them broke. Total waste of money.
Delivery too slow. Will order from different seller next time.
This printer is cheaply made and difficult to put together. I suggest you look for something else, I am.
Cargo has not being received
I was so excited about my new planner. Upon opening it seemed nice. But as I started writing my school schedule down I noticed how bad of quality it was, and there was a rip threw two pages right in the middle of the planner. I would definitely not recommend this planner to anyone nor would I buy another one from this company.
The flat pouch fits nothing but a very sharpened pencil and would only fit 4-5 of them. The rounded pouch fits more but it's still pretty short making it difficult to remove any writing utensil out of the pouch. Basically they are both useless for a pencil pouch.
The lamination on the calendar was very loose. There were a lot of bubbles and the bottom half the lamination did not stick.
I placed an order for two of these cartridges, received them right away. The boxes are labelled "Dell Toner Cartridge...." but I received two docking stations?? I called Amazon Customer Service, they were very polite, sent me a return label and send they would send me the correct toner cartridges. I receive the new order within a few days and get two more docking stations! Clearly they have a whole stock that is labelled incorrectly (I kindly mentioned this to two customer service reps). Not ordering this through Amazon again....went straight to Dell. Today I check my bank statement and see that I haven't been refunded for my order, not a happy customer at all.
Don't buy these!!! After 6 months they spattered ink on the printed page. One color would leak, and after I replaced it with an HP cartridge, another color would do the same thing. Now I have replaced all with genuine HP cartridges.
These are cheap knock-offs. Each pen has a sticker with Chinese writing. The ink puddles when writing and they stop working quickly. Do not buy.
This translator fails to work properly. Doesnt even take in my native language properly, let alone another language! Returning asap!
For hours I have tried to figure out this machine. It finally got the best of me. It is being returned. I can't figure out how to bind 8 1/2 x 11 size paper. It leaves a half punched hole either at the top or the bottom of the paper and the combs they give you are too long for this size paper as well.
I've had my printer for years, and I use dozens of the same type of cartridge per year. This time I ordered at 2-pack of HP 62 black ink. Strangely, the first cartridge is fine, but the second one cannot be accepted by the printer. I've tried other cartridges to ensure that it is only this one that is faulty. Every time I try to install, printer tells me to "remove and replace to insure proper installation." Again, it's not my printer. It's just the ONE cartridge. Bummer. Ink isn't cheap. Furthermore, the return window closed (it's been exactly a month), and of course I couldn't have known that the 2nd cartridge wouldn't work until now. I feel Amazon should replace with a working cartridge under these circumstances, but apparently it's too late. Crummy.
This item was not in my shipment that was delivered
Unable to get clean. Used several prescribed cleaning methods.
I bought two of these calendars - I had one sent to my daughter and bought one for myself. If my daughter lived closer I would pick it up from her and return both of the calendars. The quality is something you'd expect from the 99 cent store. The pictures are fine but the quality of the calendar itself is not what I expected.
These magnets are not strong enough for my needs. Would be fine for very light weight items attaching to something like a refrigerator.
Terrible! Purchased twice and both times had to replace within weeks. Only used one time a week to update family calendar. Should not have gone “dry” so fast!
Some bags came ripped
This product sucked and it only last less than two weeks. I bought it for my classroom since the school do not supply. I missed the window to send it back. Very disappointed.
Product didn't work and cost 500% more then the purchasing price in order for me to return. Very disappointed.
This cartridge would not work in my printer. It kept giving an error message saying the cartridge was not properly installed. I removed it and replaced the empty cartridge and didn't receive the same error. It would not let me print
This printer continues to print poorly. I've aligned and cleaned the heads, changed the cartridge etc. Far cheaper printers print much better than this. It's a disaster. It's going in the trash if they'll take it.
In the picture, the one on the left is 1.0 mm, a regular size pen and the one on the right is 0.5 mm. As you can see in the photo, the package says 0.5 mm but all the pens are 1.0 mm. For the price, I'm happy to return and purchase the product in store since they did not send the correct product.
The NEATO product did not arrive. Amazon, after investigating the matter, decided to cancel the order and issued a full refund.
I can't really review this because I just looked up my order and it won't arrive until Monday, a week since I ordered it. I am a prime member and the chair was listed as prime when looking at it in black and we ordered in red not realizing the red one is not prime. By the time we realized the red was not prime due to delivery info, it was too late to cancel. I am 81 and my husband 83 and our children have been here to put it together every day waiting for it's arrival. Now today, it says we won't get it until Monday, a when there will be no one here to help us put it together. This was very upsetting to us because we would have ordered the black one had it been evident when ordering that it was the only one that is prime. Guess we should have just purchased locally where we could have had it put together by the office store. I purchase most everything from Amazon now, but I might rethink this.
So i work like 1 week and that it's stop working.....
I used this product once fro my job conference. last night my niece wants to borrow it for her class presentation o record herself and found it having malfunction issues. battery was changed to and its turning of by itself.
Excessive ink usage, all pics had a pink shade.
Disappointed as to how small a role of tape. Felt like it was a ripoff...
I'll tell you what I do like first... I like the color. That's it. This thing does NOT adjust in height like the video I saw. I am using 28 inch monitors... and the brackets on the back of the monitor are a bit higher than normal... making it so that my monitor at max height off the desk is about 2 inches. 2 Inches?! Using the monitor stands... they were about 5 inches off the ground. - I'm not one to return things... but honestly... like many of you, I too have ordered so many things off AMAZON, that his is my first EVER bad experience with a product that I felt was not properly advertised. If you need something to lift your monitors off of your desk... you will need to install the gripper... onto something that is built higher than the top of your desk.
I ORDERED PRINTING LABELS AND WAS SENT DRAGONFLY STRING LIGHTS.
Weak perforations cause the top of each page to look like Cookie Monster had a go at them.
These labels do not “remove clean once the job is done”. They are not removable and I learned that when I went to replace a label that I had adhered only a few minutes prior and it peeled off the underlying product. I am now forced to purchase more of these labels so that I can put new labels over the existing since by removing labels I will expose damaged product. Very upsetting since I relied on the removable characteristic.
Shipping is terrible.
Problem about this is it scans one thing at a time and then fails, gives an error. I now have to replace it with something else or if someone can contact me about replacing that would be great. It is very hard to get work done.
Over price... Wal-Mart half of the price 2 days free shipping.
I received this and it will not write You cannot return it And cannot contact seller
i ordered several, they don't work, this machine read counterfeit bills as good bills, will be returning.
I placed and order and paid to get it next day but they didn't send it until a few days later, I contact them and they told me they were going to refund it, but at the end they ended up charging more than the original price and the shipping for next day, even when they didn't send it until a few days later, plus the carrier took more than a day to deliver it too.
These cartridges were empty. Paid a lot of money and after a few days, my printer is out of ink. How is that possible. Hardly used it. There is something not right about this product.
This mouse pad looks NOTHING in person like it does in the picture. It's so dull. And the gold marbling is not gold AT ALL. It's gray. It looks like an earth with clouds on it. So ugly! I wish I had taken a picture but I immediately put it back in the box for return.
Didn't work in my printer
Case coating peeled and absorbed color from other surfaces within the first week of being on my laptop. Disappointed!
Says the price is 12 dollars but when you want to return you only get a value of 7!!! They charge 5 for shipping!
Case has to be returned. Dud not fit MacBook as indicated.
Didn't work, now my printer seems to not take ink
NOT Neodymium Magnet. NOT strong enough than I expected. Regular ordinary magnets.
Not happy with the purchase at all. The cables don't fit at all. I had this set up on the side of my bed and I can't even get the cables into it in order to hold them.
Bought this twice. 1st time came broken and second one broke after using a week... Smh.. Thought they were better quality.
I paid for a 16 slot organizer, i recieved a 12 slot. frusterated. now i have to figure out if it's worth it to return to sender cause of this piece of ****. DO NOT order from this company!!!! plus they charged me for the more expensive one too!!!!! & they sent the wrong color!!! will update when i can get a response
will not stick to anything
Terrible! Ordered twice and still didn't work
Hi, I am suppose to be returning this order, however I am not going to return it because I have used up almost all of them. I could only print a few pages before I had to change the cartridge. I just Will not order from them EVER again.
This is a piece of garbage. It's so cheap and flimsy. It wouldn't unfold without the arm popping out either. Not worth $5 let alone $10.
Ink cartridge leaked within a few days. No return offered
I purchased this over a month ago and never received my item, sent an email no response.
$45 for a 4pack and 2 of them did not work, the HP printer said the supply system did not work. I found this out too late to return the product. $45 down the drain for me.
Gave this product one star because the cork board is extremely thin. You can't use the outer 1/2 inch part of the product either. This product is cheap but if you are looking for something fast and simple it gets the job done
I was extremely disappointed with this product because I did not get the plastic image shown. Instead I received a felt brain which in unable to be cleaned and will be covered in germs after one day. I am very unhappy and I wish I could give no stars because it's that bad.
I'll send back or please send me the 5th ream
My calendar is missing the month of MAY!!!
I ordered laundry markers and received a set of o rings.
I am super disapointed. This is exactly what I was looking for. And opening the box I thought it was perfect..... Until I realized they didnt cut the hole out for your thumb to get the cards out. And the cork pad is crooked so is lifting on one corner already.
Does not work well. Have to be on top of the object so close you can't work with what you are fixing.
This is by far the worst printer I've ever purchased, I've had nothing but problems with it, and it's not a malfunctioning printer, it's just the way it is. Constantly having to do head cleaning nozzle cleaning and other configuring maintenance.
There is no hooks attached - just received today
Expensive phone and always has an echo when you use it.
Did not work in printer.
Useless. too small, doesn't grip or stay where i need it. Bad shape. i just can't find a purpose for it no matter where i put it... maybe just in the center of the table to protect my forehead when i smash it down in regrets of purchasing this. Looks cool,.. on the floor where it's staying until i pick it up and throw it out.
Does not fit,my,new 10.1 tab
I never used this planner because when I received it, it smelled strongly of fish. I left it outside to air it out for days, maybe a couple weeks and it never went away. I hoped it would go away eventually but it never did. The planner itself is decent for the price but would never buy again due to the very strong and unpleasant odor.
No items - amazon doesn't make it easy to simply ask “where are my items”? Although they continue to use USPS where this happens often.
When I first got this I thought it was pretty neat but after a week it fell off my wall it didnt stick well
So bad quality product.
Ended up returning...would not work saying paper jam existed when there was none.
Markers were completely dried out. Did not work
Ruined my printer the yellow spread through to all my other colors. I hope this eventually cleans out of my printer. It worked ok for my paper prints at first but after 2/3 weeks it started smearing black and now yellow. It's definitely not for printing on labels.
This is junk. Spend a little more and get one that works.
It seems like nobody makes a good mechanical pencil anymore. As with other mechanical pencils I have tried recently, the lead on this pencil fails to automatically advance within a very short time in operation. This kind of defeats the purpose of having a mechanical pencil. Time to revert to the old yellow #2?
Cannot find a software product to provide a template.
The black cartridge didn't work. Junk!
I bought these and only 1 out of 10 signs that I bought was good. The material on the letters that is supposed to glow did not work. It was spotty and I could only see 1 or 2 letters in the dark for the other 9 signs. Very disappointed, plus there is no returns. Do Not Buy!!!!
Awful. They were all full of air bubbles. The packaging was just this little thin baggy. Looks like they were probably sitting around in a warehouse somewhere being moved around from spot to spot in there box so it caused imprint damage to the bag. Ink also looks very dried out. Even sent in for replacement, they look the exact same. Sent both back for refund.
did not receive the ink that was ordered. Ink that was shipped was not compatible with my printer. I contacted Amazon and initiated a return, and a 2nd time the incorrect ink was sent. Can't comment on the quality of the ink, but so far not worth the hassle to save a few bucks...
stopped working just after 2 months. Of course the return window id already closed. not happy with the purchase.
Sadly if I could give this zero stars I would. I installed the black ink and printed 4 pages just fine. Went to print 2 days later and the black ink isn't showing. There is caked black printer ink all over the inside of my printer. I'm worried it ruined my printer.
warped, this board would not lay flat. The opposite corners would touch, but the adjoining corners wouldn't. It was terible
The first time when I received the item. The item was totally malfunctioning. it cannot play normally, once it played it was playing like a stop-motion movie. and when I reset the machine, the parameters are totally different from the ones that the projector initially set up. I contacted amazon agent and the agent was nice to send me a replacement. I returned the old one and then keep the new one. still with the new one, it can play but there is a bad spot on the screen and cannot be removed. All in all, stay away from this item!
Cheap. Terrible. Leaked all over when we pulled the “pull” stickers.
Badge itself is as pictured. However, the badge will print the first name of the shipping address. I learned it the hard way. Emailed seller right away after the purchase with my name, but the flowery badge with my husband's name still arrived.
These say "Epson" but when I put them in my EPSON printer, the printer can't read them (even though they are installed correctly. When I compared it to the Epson cartridge I was taking out, the chip on the cartridge does not say Epson on it. So these are fake and unusable.
Sign fell apart called and they said that lasting one year was good for this sign.
Blade mechanism falls off every time I move it to make a cut. Blade then falls out of holder causing me to have to pick up the sharp round blade with my fingers to reinsert it every time. While making only 6 cuts - blade mechanism fell off & over the side, coming apart, at least 10 times. Seems very cheaply designed. Cheap plastic parts.
These pens write great but most of the pens in the pack break easily. Leaving ink all over my pencil bag and backpack
Was not delivered in protected area....it was rained on. I want my deliveries placed by front door under eve where it is rain protected
did not like how the papers ripped when removing them from the pad
I ordered my planner in June 2018. Description was misleading and I received my planner beginning July 2017. $20 for a planner I can only use for 6 months? No thank you.
The color in this ink cartridge is dull and faded. Not worth the money you save.
Key clip broke second day of use. It doesn't close any longer.
Item was not in mailbox
Something isn't right about these. Lousy ink flow and dried up after about 30 days. Threw them out!
Took a chance on these being compatible, as other people had luck with them. They did not fit my printer
Item received was defective
Markers are dried out. Will have to buy another brand.
After I installed these, I printed a document. Every third page turned out "decent," and I use that word loosely. I thought it was just the printer head, so I ran a clean cycle and tried again. No dice, same result. I ran the clean cycle again to no avail. Regardless, every third page comes out ok, the rest fade in from the right over the first inch of text. Now I have used them and can't return them. Just my luck. Absolute garbage.
It doesn't work good!
I received my package with no pens!! I will not be buying from this seller again!!
THE WORST PIECE OF GARBAGE I EVER BOUGHT.....THAT'S WHY THEY HAVE AN EXCUSE NOT TO ALLOW IT TO BE RETURNED................
It was was broken when I got it and it was very scratched up and dirty. I requested to get my money back but no response. DO NOT BUY THIS!!!! I ignored the bad reviews but I should have listened.
Brand new yellow cartridge wouldn't work when inserted into printer. Printer showed error, as if no new cartridge had been inserted and refused to print anything (even b/w, despite black cartridge being full). Moreover, the other cartridges -- blue and magenta showed 1/3 full when inserted, despite being brand new.
The box is so tiny, like a toy set with half sized pen. There's no where talking about this being a mini set. Do not recommend.
I ordered the all orange quarter rolls. I was sent orange and brown. I needed the all orange for specific quarters. So not sent the item pictured/ordered. I'll use them but I'll have to order more of the actual pictured item from someone other then Ella's Treasures Too.
They rip apart to easy causing printer to jam while feeding. Repeatedly. Definitely do NOT waste your money on this product. I'm on my 7th sheet and have not been successful yet. Using a brand new Epson 1430
Every song pair of scissors in the box was rusty. Sent back.
The package of paper was open and the paper was bent and in complete disarray inside of the envelop that it came in.
It was said this item couldn't be delivered . When in fact ,it never was . It was going to a facility that is open 24/7 . When I change the point of delivery to my own private home , it still couldn't be delivered . I ended with a refund and had to go to shopping and purchase the item myself . I don't like be lied to . If you don't have an item say so . Don't pretend it can't be delivered . That's why I'm no longer a prime member . Thanks for wasting my time .
Never received item and not available for repurchase
terrible quality! glue does not stick way more flimsey than other sellers!
They died shortly after putting them under the cabinets in our kitchen. Super bummed about it ☹️
Difficult to assemble.
Not right size .... cannot find the size I need
Absolutely no cords came with it! Seriously! Are they supposed to come with them? I felt it was standard. Here's your printer have fun running power to it it with no cords! Wtf!!!
Had to order this item twice. First time it was damaged during shipping and I was not informed at all. I got ahold of Amazon and they refunded my money right away so I could reorder the item. Now here is my biggest problem the company once I ordered the same item for the second time sent me the same damaged product that wasn't delivered to me because it was damaged. The printer was clearly not checked at all just slapped another shipping lable on it and sent it right back to me. Luckily the item was working so we didn't have to send anything back.
The ink was dry when we opened the sharpies to use for the first time.
Never buying this product again, not good quality, I wash it in the washing machine to remove the smell of it before my gig, thats I found out is bad quality it damage after I wash it before my gig.
Item never received and merchant unreachable!
Stayed up for about an hour and a half. Really frustrating:
I tried sealing up a water lead on a metal roof. Did not work!!
Ink was dried up and didn't ever work. They claimed to be brand new cartridges but doesn't seem like they were.
Don't show a package (one package) and then send out 10 pens in individual packages! Not only is it a pain to open each package individually, it's environmentally wasteful. I like these pens and have purchased them before (obviously from a different seller). This seller needs to change the picture to show what they are really selling. I would never have purchased them had I known.
This product doesn't fit my HP Officejet 3830 printer, even though the advertisement says it can. If you have a printer like mine, please don't buy it and save yourselves all the trouble.
New one is delivered in teared box instead of Original and sealed HP package. I bought as new, not used. Amazon refunded it. thanks. I am sorry that can not suggest you supplier.
Purchased product early August 2019. By late August it was cracking. Husband works from home so mat is used daily. Contacted seller and they offered me 20 percent off to keep it and asked for pictures. Tried to email the above pics twice but Amazon blocked my emails. When I asked for a different email outside the marketplace to send the photos seller asked for my phone # so they could call me to give me the email address. I gave them my phone # and haven't heard anything. Buyer beware- mat cracks and seems impossible to return!
This product says original ink markers. What I got was low odor markers. Not what I ordered. Returns not allowed.
They wouldn't stay put. It's not strong or sturdy and kept falling off the handing rack
I was hoping to add this loop to my daily journal. First the packaging is simply awkward. For such a simple apparatus, I wound up peeling the sticky cover off accidentally. Second, the loop was too tight for my pen. Not what I expected.
It would not feed the pouch through. It just clicked and hummed but never processed the pouch.
I received an email from the sender but is has been weeks and no items. Very frustrating.
Thought it would be more economical to buy the two cartridge pack. When I installed one of the cartridges I kept getting an error message that the cartridge was not the right size for my printer or was defective. My printer would not print or even recognize it as a new cartridge. So I tried the second cartridge in the package and it worked. Obviously one was defective. So much for trying to save money by buying two. Would have returned them both but needed to use my printer.
I complained to amazon , and i informed them that i received and empty box with no bookmark and i was reassured i was not going to get charged , because there was nothing to send back or return. i was still charged. This is the first time i have to say that Amazon and there policies have failed me. So if i could give this no points i would.
I'm sure this device is awesome with a land line. We wanted it to work with wifi and it didn't perform well. Too bad because other wise it would have been perfect.
The title says it all. The red and green would not write. Very disappointed.
This ink ruined my HP printer. My printer told me to only use HP ink and I should have listened. After replacing these ink cartridges with HP ink, my printer is still fouled.
Says delivered but never got the calculator
Pretty, but clip broke on my first day of wearing it. Just had one key on it and didn't perform any acrobatics while wearing it. Nobody replied to my request for refund or replacement. Very disappointed.
Color didn't last and pics were very light
Right out of the box the yellow did not work Now june 15th. 2nd time i had a chance to.use my printer, cyan dose not work. All i have is black and blue.
I bought two of these mouse pads, and they came folded in half. They never completely flattened out. The "gel" part where the wrist rests is flattening out as well.
It doesn't ever really dry and easily comes off the board
This toner is worthless to me. I bought it less than a month ago and it leaks everywhere. All over my printing, all over my printer and all over me. Poor quality!
These batteries did not work in my telephones.
I ordered the black and WHITE ... Instead of the white I got the ugliest blue color. I was trying to color coordinate my notebooks to classes. This is not a huge deal but it was just disappointing to open my amazon box to something I didn't really want at all.
Of course the Monday after the return window expires I needed to replace my yellow toner. Went to put this "genuine" brother toner in (its not brother, is non-name brand) and the printer does not recognize the cartridge. Wasted over $100 and frankly will be making a complaint with amazon, as this was completely false advertising regarding the "genuine" nature of the product.
They leaked and did not print right
Stupid me for not reading the reviews until after, leaked everywhere after the plastic shrink wrap was removed. Ink on the carpet, jeans and hands. Amazon, you need to remove these products!
I am very disappointed with these binders. I purchased them and when they arrived all but 1 were broken, cracked and peeling. I called and was informed that I must return all 6 of the binders and that a new set was being sent. The new set came 2 days later and again 3 of 6 were damaged beyond being usable. I do not recommend buying this product. Save your money and the headache of returning them. I gave it 2 try's before this review.
The black cartridge had no ink.
I tried to put my keys on, and immediately the screws stripped on this. It was way too easy to over-tighten the screws. Annoying.
The quality of the projector is not very good at all. I want to return the projector. I am NOT able to connect any sound system through wireless to the projector, which makes it useless. The sound system is around the room and the sound bar is under the screen.....and the projector is in the ceiling...Wires have to be run to the projector, making it impractical. I'm disappointed in the description, as I was led to believe that the sound system could be connected without wires. The quality of the picture is also VERY low. I am returning this product.
Both broke within a week. Go for something better
Received this product and it is defective. There appears to be no ink in any of the 5 highlighters as the tips are clear, and when you try to highlight a word the ink comes out clear on the page. I attempted to get a replacement but Amazon advised that this was a third party seller, so I had to get a refund instead.
These labels are substandard - or at least the batch I received are. I've never had issues with any other labels. I place these on standard Kraft padded envelopes and they begin to peel off within minutes. As others have mentioned, you need to use tape to secure them down or they will fall off after a few hours. Do NOT even bother or risk it.
They look normal size in the picture but they are small
Worse paper we ever used, cost us money. It is very course and laser ink smears and fades.
Broke as soon as you pull the pen off the cap
Never made it to me went to Florida to a business
Manufacturing defective material. Cover rips near handles after only a few months of light use. Will need to replace. Very disappointed.
Packaging of the pens was so beaten up that the pens fell out. Can't give them as a gift now.
I purchased the calculator because I wanted a plum colored one!! I received PINK!! :( I do NOT like PINK! So am sending it back for a full refund!!! Seller needs to know the difference in colors!!
These cards don't make sense. The "Thank you" has nothing to do with the cartoons on the cards. Several of the cards were misprinted and the cartoon was cut off. I returned them as a result. I'm glad they were misprinted so that I didn't have to keep them. Because of the cartoons, they should be blank inside, not say "Thank You"
Ink dry and not good. Don't buy from Amazon
Static and 2 of the buttons don't work well. Couldn't complete the call since the 9 didn't press correctly. Too cheap to bother with returning.
Received the box but no keychain was in the box! Can someone please help me with this?
I have been using this cartridge for maybe a month now and I have not had one clean copy. Every page has toner spots/blotches on it. At first I thought maybe it was my machine, which is fairly new and which I clean all the time, but no matter how I cleaned the machine, every page has toner on it. It is really frustrating and very disappointing.
I love the size and the ability to write down three different jobs for the day. What I absolutely dislike about it is the time and effort it takes to clean the board off to change the dates for the next month! I tried so many different cleaning products on it and settled for an SOS pad. It worked great, but what a stinking mess to clean off!
One toner prints with black spots on the side of every paper. The second one broke as I was taking it out of the packaging. Terrible product, will never order again.
One problem after the other. Now when I scan and save then open it I find things I scan a few times ago. I've alway had good luck with HP but not this time.
The pens are nice but I did not receive my ink refills.
Lost several staff keys.
The ink does not stick to Amazon shipping labels. It wipes off, even when dry. That is the entire reason I bought this thing. What a waste.
Item did not perform properly. Would leave black streaks on all printed pages making them unreadable. I'm also not finding an easy way to return the item for a refund. I find it hard to believe that this is considered an "Amazon Choice" for a toner cartridge. I understand it is a cheaper version tha an original dell cartridge, but there should be a refund available if it doesn't perform properly. I would not recommend purchasing this product
I tried to open the box and it was wet and then I found the entire bottom of the nutrition serum bottle was broken, the serum is everywhere and there's broken glass all over the box, how does this even happen
The pen works good but it's so thin it's almost like writing ✍️ with a coffee stir straw
Black ink printed terribly. Tried cleaning and alignment. Went back to OEM cannon guess its worth the price cause issue is gone
Phone did not ring, no flasher on phone to indicate a call was coming in. Bought the warranty plan also, another waste of money, since the phone was sent to a person who lives out of my state, I told them to just throw it out, because they were unable to package and return it. Should have remembered what my Mother use to say, YOU GET WHAT YOU PAID FOR!!!
Right out of the box, Printer will not recognize.
I put several sets of brand new batteries in it, and it won't turn on.
This little device has been so frustrating and time consuming. I have downloaded software online, I have called our IT department, I have called customer service and was told they were in a meeting, called back and currently sitting waiting for 15+ min and counting. I've even watched youtube videos to see if it was something I was missing, and changed cables in case of a bad wire. NOTHING has WORKED. I think their customer service plays relaxing spa music so you wont go bananas on them. This has been the WORST product I have purchased online. If I had my timeframe to return I would have done it along time ago. It is my fault that I waited too long to return. Just so all reviewers know... I have a MacBook Air, I have the latest software, and guess what... the concept of "PLUG and PLAY" is a darn joke. This has been more like PLUG and THROW AWAY!!!!!!! **** Update: I have contacted DYMO customer service again and have found out the battery was not in the battery compartment, which means it will not work. I assumed with the light turning on it was getting power. Unfortunately this was a packaging error and incomplete project causing me so much wasted time. The man helping me did figure out the problem and although at times condescending in tone was overall helpful, which was obviously the goal. He also is sending me a battery at no charge as it is in warranty. This was nice of him. Stay tuned for change in star rating or not.
USED THEM FOR 1 WEEK, KEPT TRIPPING OVER THE CORNERS. EVEN THOGHT I LAYED THEM TO GET FLAT, THEY NEVER REALLY GOT FLAT. I BOUGHT 3 AND ALL 3 HAVE BEEN REMOVED AND THROWN OUT. DISAPOINTED
In December I purchased two LxTek five pack 952XL in anticipation of a planned distribution for a small nonprofit mission group that i work with. After some delay the printed project got underway. When printing began I discovered that only one out of the four 952XL black cartridge was functional. A 75% failure rate is much too high for any product. Unfortunately due to the delays in the project my time for recourse through Amazon Prime also passed. I love the idea of reused/re-manufactured cartridges but there should be some checks on re-usability before marketing.
2 refills had no ink. Returned to Amazon for full refund.
I never received my order. Do not use this company to purchase this product.
not easy to apply. Not easy to peel off. Not good adhesive with very low weight capacity
Worked great and loved the design of this case/keyboard. Unfortunately, about a year in, my B, N, V, F, G, U, Y, and T button stopped working. Not very durable.
The package of each ream was broken! I needed to send them to school and the papers from all of the reams started to fall. The papers were clean and good quality but the box was damage and so were all the reams inside.
This thing is so freaking cheap it's disgusting.
My package arrived, opened, with nothing inside. I've contacted Seller 3 times about this with no response.
Terrible product. The liner inside was so thin you could see through it and in some sheets there was NO liner. Very disappointed as I was in the middle of packing when I opened these. The first couple were just ok but my items were small enough that I could wrap the sheet around them two times. My intent had been to cut the sheets for the small items. I would NOT recommend this product.
Never received item! Delivery shows it was handed off directly but this is untrue!! Where is the items delivery guarantee??
I receive the printer cartridges, installed them and printed out four photos. And then I got an alert that two of the three cartridges were low on ink. What a waste of money. Won't buy from you again.
didn't work for my cubicle
I am still very angry about this worthless card I paid a bunch of money for!!!
In just a couple months stopped working. Low quality sound.
Got only first three months - nothing else
Do NOT purchase. It's a waste of $$. I had to return them b/c there was no toner in them.
Fell apart within 2 days. Magnet not strong/large enough
The cartridge does not work with HP printers. The printer fails to recognize the cartridges
I ordered this months ago and never received the item. I understand that happens but I also tried contacting Amazon about it and never got a response... I'm disappointed because I never even got an explanation or a refund
Looks like a toy and if you use this, your expensive Mac will definitely look like some cheap quality toy laptop.Also the pink sleeve is completely a dull shiny pink in real. Product does not look the same as in picture. I had to return back this item.
Didn't receive it, however I did get a refund
Wouldn't buy again!!
Colors advertised were not the ones I received in y order. Complete disappointment.
This is literally the thinnest most flimsy tape Ive ever worked with. When it got stuck on my taping gun and I would try to pull it off it would peel into tiny pieces every time. This should not be called PACKING tape. This is thinner than scotch tape.
They get one star for the quick delivery. Unfortunately I will have to return them because they arrived broken. You would think after seeing all the photos and reviews on broken pencils they would package them better. The pencils were put in a thin envelope package with no bubble wrap around the pencils. 😡 Then they are the only seller on Amazon that carries these. It's ridiculous. I want to reorder but I'm skeptical.... too many reviews that multiple orders arrived broken.
This product cover was bubbled up and I sent it back and was sent another one, I think it's just the company that makes them. I returned for a refund.
They sent the completely wrong item to me and then took 10 days to send a replacement. Very inconvenient.
The cartridge seemed great at first but ironically as soon as the return/issue window closed we started getting spots and lines on printouts. Not on every page but always when I was trying to print an important document! So annoying! Will definitely not be using or recommending this product. Stick to OEM product for good results.
The phone has never worked.Charges continually, goes dark when you remove the charger.Battery appears to be no good. I have charged the phone daily since it arrived.repositioned the battery etc.etc.There are no pictures on the directions installing the Sim card is very difficult.I still do not know if its in right.Of course there is no numbers on the paper work to email or call any one.
Not what I expected at all from the pics here. It looks like a toy. A weird toy.
This broke and didn't even make it through one school year.
This is junk only had for a month and it broke. Was very disappointed.
ABSOLUTE CRAP! CARTRIDGES DIDN'T EVEN LAST A WEEK AND I DON'T EVEN PRINT THAT MUCH.
Black ink seems ok but color ink is horrible quality. It's all coming out light, almost pastel colors and full of lines. Not at all usable.
It takes so long to take the bill in don't buy I bought 3 for my store is not worth the money $30 is fare
Supposed to be 60 inside. 9 were missing so the box only had 51. I bought these for my classroom. I will either be returning or getting getting those missing ones replaced.
Barely held together for an entire semester!!! Would not buy again.
Very cheap. I wish I had spent my money on a better product that actually works and is actually a box. Using them for storage of documents is a poor decision because when you try to move/transport the boxes, the sides un-snap and you are left vulnerable for the box just falling apart.
Broke after 2 week after I used it maybe 5 times. Garbage and a total disappointment.
I know it's been awhile, but I thought I would update on how the new ink worked out. The company was nice enough to send a full set of replacements after I had problems with leaky ink. However, after using the replacement inks, I had the same problem with inks leaking inside the printer while printing, creating streaks on the left edge of the printouts. Recently, I opened a new cartridge package, (which has been sitting undisturbed on a shelf) to find ink loose all over the bag. This is disappointing and inconvenient, as I was hoping there was a cheaper alternative to HP inks. Also, when I do print an image, it is very poor quality with streaks, etc. I'm attaching some pictures, of the streaks on the left side of the page, the leaky cartridge which I just opened, and a printout of an image, which is printing with lots of streaks. I tried to message the company directly, but can't seem to find a way to contact them.
NOT DISHWASHER SAFE. The pictures are a simple, paper label plastered onto the cup. The first time it goes into the dishwasher, is the last time you will EVER have this Star Trek Mug !!
When the package got here,it was in bad shape! It had little cuts in corner and it had scratch looks on it.It either was sent this way or someone damage it thru delivery.For 10 bucks it should be in good shape!
It broke in two pieces within the first week. Not shatter resistant for me 😢
It's not working , I got errors.
Wifi printing setup is too much trouble on this printer. Simple Verizon router WPS key press doesn't work. Use mobile app manual connection doesn't work. So frustrating with this poor, useless printer. I am returning not as described.
Very cute but cheaply made they break easy.... goin to find better ones somewhere else.
Only came with 1 pk needles
It worked for two weeks and stopped asked them for help sent the information they asked for and never got the help. So I paid for it to go for one year hopping they would respond but still will not work and they are no help.so I can not tell anyone one to buy it because it doesn't work and is a waste of money. Sorry if the truth hurts but it is what it is.
Had this phone for 2 months and now the headset and speaker phone options do not work.No-one can hear me when I use the headset or the speaker phone.Also,no way to turn off phone.Very upsetting and cannot return or replace now.
Product did not work at all!!
Chairs are decent, we bought 3 for our office back in August 2018. One of the wheels came apart on one of the chairs, I sent an email 6 days ago with an invoice for our purchase and a picture of the faulty wheel to their customer service to ask for a replacement part, even if I have to pay for it, and have yet to hear anything back. Maybe this poor review will get their attention?
I read the reviews, including the one=star ones, but there were so many 5 stars I figured they were just sour grapes. But no, Paypal Here is only for incorporated companies, not an individual. I have been using the old style swipe device that fit in the ear bud socket for years and it was never an issue. What a waste of time.
Some of the cards were so small that USPS could not process them through their mailing machines .
I know they were inexpensive. You get what you pay for with these! Super runny, instructions barely understandable (poor translation).Overall, just made a huge mess.
Personally I would not recommend these. The are large and bulky and really didn't do much for me. I would say, save your money.
Picture of hooks shows vertical screw holes on the hook. The screw holes in the product I rec'd were in the star points and unable to use this way. They were meant to be attached to the rungs of an outdoor railing that is not wide enough to accommodate holes in the star points.
Thought I would save a bit and was misled by the high reviews. Put this in on Tuesday. It is now Sunday. It was still cheaper than buying inkjet ink, but will never say positive things again here.
Described as electric, it uses batteries. Not as advertised. I am returning it.
It's been a month now and I never got it. :(
Terrible quality. Feels like it's going to rip by the time the customer gets it. The seal doesn't run from one end to the other.
These are some of the worst pens I've purchased. To start with it's nearly impossible to get the ink to start flowing from the pen using every trick in the book (ie scribbling continuously, wetting the tip, using a paperclip to depress the roller ball, ect). Secondly the top of the pen separates from the body of the pen once you begin to start writing. This in turn causes the tip of the pen to recede into the body of the pen. They're just simply terrible pens.
Product wasn't compatible with my HP. Only a error screen when loaded. Returned without issues.
This was not the marker I received. Big Thumps Down!!
These stickers are horrible. I needed to print about 9 sheets and I had 5 jam in the printer. So I used 14 sheets to get the 9 I needed. Upon examination, I realized that the sheets were slightly sticky on the edges, therefore causing them to stick inside the printer. I will not purchase again.
The holder fell off the magnet in about a month. What a waste!!!
I purchased both the black and color cartridges. I have only tried the black cartridge and it will not produce a legible copies., ie., smeared and faded, light/dark areas. I won't be trying to use the color cartridge at this point. Expensive lesson learned!
This item was damage on arrival. Almost not worth the hassle to return for a replacement. l have been disappointed with Amazon and the products they offer/supply. To add to the disappointment delivery was delayed when promised within two days. Prime is not so “prime” anymore!
It doesn't block RFID at all! Don't buy it, as it won't protect your cards or test for yourself if you already bought it. Easy test, place RFID badge in it and try to open a door with an RFID reader.
But it went South quickly... Money kept getting jammed and it went too fast and actually ate some of my Bills ... Could not be trusted after that so I stopped using it .. A shame too because I would love for it to work as it should for a long time
This projector not working with amazon prime video. It keep showing the pop up error massages every time I try to open the prime video. So disappointed.
Purchased this and one week later it failed. Cannot reach Polycom for replacement. Returning to Amazon as defective.
It cost way to much and was not packed well so was bent when I got it in the mail. Very disappointed, but was a Christmas gift and I did not have time to return it.
This model had to be returned for a refund. On/Off switch not working properly.
These really suck. The cardboard backing is flimsy, the sheets are too thin and don't tear off the pad well, but most importantly YOU CAN'T WRITE ON THE PAPER. I've tried a ballpoint and a gel pen and both of them skip terribly on this paper. I'm giving them up, throwing them away, and looking for something I can actually USE.
This painters tape not only allowed paint to seep through the edges, but when I removed the tape from the wall, it ripped the paint/spackle off from underneath it. I will now have to re-spackle, sand, and repaint both the ceiling and the wall. Additionally, it did not rip off in one piece, but many pieces. Complete disappointment.
Horrible! Didn't have half of the items in the package that were shown in the picture. Some of the items were out of their original packaging as well. Returned this item immediately for a refund.
Aweful. No backing. Useless for easel. Arrived bent up.
Not a desk pad just a big calendar
None of the cartridges worked appears they were all dead
Bad, as I got it, one charger broke automatically.
Project has trouble holding up a sheet of paper.
This was stolen off my front porch. It would have been nice if it could have been in a less conspicuous place.
Bought this on Sept 15 2018 worked fine I really liked it but then all of a sudden wont turn on. I tried charging wont charge I'm not sure what happened but then when I tried to return to amazon it says I just missed the window on Oct 15th I'm very upset by this and expected more for my money would like to exchange for a new one because I feel it helps us with recording while my son w disabilities is at school and we use it as a protection as some teachers have mistreated him but if the watch will only last a month then i dont think its worth it
Just open the package and the “new “ HP Cartridge box was taped closed. When I open the box the cartridge was already broken into the protective covering was open. And the cartridge does not work.
Horrible quality. I tried everything to get it to transfer onto the T-shirt and it would only leave a fuzzy residue behind.
Poor quality mirror. Ended up buying a new mirror all together.
This printer was ordered for our small public library, It barely lasted a year before it started printing underlines an inch below all text. It was determined by Epson that the printer is defective, and is not fixable by cleaning the print heads or replacing the cartridges. Please contact us regarding this issue.
Product arrived damaged and box torn up.
Simply does not work. Won't connect wirelessly or through USB. Huge piece of dog crap
Mine didn't come with the heater and the quality was very poor
Horrible experience! I was prepared for a little ink to leak out but it dripped all over my keyboard and couch. I was about to return my laptop and now my warranty is voided due to ink being inside my keyboard. This was an extremely expensive result when I was actually just trying to save a few dollars on generic ink. Lesson learned!
PRoduct did not arrive though received emails stating it had.
I ordered two of these for my child. I realized that I could not choose the color, but by ordering two, I figured I would get one that would be acceptable. Instead I received two garish blue with hot pink trim versions. It would have been appreciated to receive two different colors to hope to get one usable one.
Stopped working within a month . Certainly did not make it through even one month of homework. Absolutely disappointing. Move along and don't bother
Arrived late prime shipping is a joke.can not rely on amazon to deliver on time for important projects.
Heavy duty? I used one for two days, in which it rode on my belt loop, tucked safely in my pocket, and extended the cable exactly twice, slightly. Imagine my surprise when I heard a clink and discovered the back had fallen off!
Terrible quality, very scratchy feel on the paper and the ink leaves blanks while writing. I returned right away. Not smooth as stated.
The hollow pen comes alone in a box, without the ink stick, yet the title of the item specifically states "with Fine Black refill." Isn't it illegal to purposely trick the buyer, blatantly lie, and sell something not as described? Very stingy. I wish there was a way to contact the seller about this?
I do not know how the order was mixed up, but I placed an order for a black cartridge and a color cartridge. My order states two black and that is what I received. I needed the color cartridge. I will not be placing anymore orders without printing out what I saw advertised and ordered. Very inconvenient.
Got the actual book as ordered, but did not receive this design at all! The book I received has a green cover that I'm not a fan of, and a cheap looking faux wood frame. Unfortunately it's a birthday gift and I don't have time to return. But my plan was to personalize anyway so I salvaged the best I could. Pictured: photo before I covered the ugly fake wood, and photo of completed salvage/personalization attempt
Love this pen/pencil... however I am unable to reload replacement lead it came with.
The black ink cartridge did not work in the printer, the color did. Too late to return!
Doesn't feel like it will be sturdy once you get weight of files in it, as bottom and sides are separate. Bottom just gets wedged in, but is NOT attached. Couldn't get this one together, as a pin was bent, so sent it back. I think this needs to be re-designed to be more like the one from My Gift, which, has sides hinged to bottom and is easy to put together.
This was the worst phone case I have ever bought in my life I broke it in two days you can't keep a credit card in it and if you do you make it loose and then it just falls out and if you bend it back enough sticks to the back and then leaves a weird smell and it gets sticky
I bought this paper twice. I used my dash button. The price did increase from the first time I purchased this box of paper. Not an issue there. What I'm pissed off about it that the paper quality is bad... The nicest word I can think of. The paper I received last time was a different weight then what is currently in this box. With the other paper could print on both sides without seeing through to the other side. This paper you can see through, curls and warps. It does not lay flat because of how thin it is. I'm sure this works great for some people. I need it in the classroom and it is distracting for the kids to see the ink from the other side. Now I don't know what I had received the last time. I don't know if that box was a mistake or if this box was the mistake. The packaging on this one matches the description. I have used up the other paper so I don't have any packaging to compare to beyond the "reorder this item" feature here on Amazon. To say I'm disappointed is an understatement. I'm very frustrated! I will have to use twice the amount of paper because I can't do the two-sided prints.
The magnet is on the side of the egg and is very small and weak, so that's the only spot it would hold the paper clips. They slide right off of any other area. The picture is misleading.
This glue had a very bad yellow tint to it.
A few hours after I replaced the lamp it started to flicker and stop showing any picture for a few seconds at a time.
Needed this paper for my class -- UPS said it was delivered to an address in a neighboring town, not my address. UPS said I would need to contact Amazon -- been trying! No help, yet, but Amazon was paid, and I have no product.
Product arrived damaged. One case of two was heavily damaged and one ream was slightly damaged. Adding photos was disabled for this review.
Terrible. Complete waste of money. The magnets have no power to hold anything more than a single piece of paper.
The books never arrived after showing it was shipped was suppose to be a surprise gift had to go ahead and order a different planner and still haven't received a refund. That was 3 months ago. This company will not be getting any more of my money.
How can someone return a USED planner? I ordered this 5x8 2019 planner and I'm just speechless. This is ridiculous.
I had to use a thin strip of glue to get it to stick. Would not buy again.
Horrible. They sent dry erase markers instead of sharpies permanent markets, and item is not returnable. I'll be contacting amazon to resolve. What a pain.
Showed up inoperable.
Tried to contact seller over warranty got no reply
Literally get what you paid for. They had some filter on the photo for this product. It's all cheap plastic.
I don't like beacause when I receive the board it was damage
Nowhere in the description says that it's a black and white printer.
Seller said this was 7 feet long. It was about 5 feet long. Have to return. Frustrated.
BUYER BEWARE! Not worth the money......There is not enough "sticky" for them to even stick to notebook paper and the first few gray ones, I used had ripped index tabs. Thought it was the way I was pulling them off but when I fanned them out noticed others were ripped and missing the index tab. Thought of returning BUT already removed cardboard backing on one set and I don't want to waste anymore time or cost to send back.
Stupid markers are completely dried out. I'm not spending more money to send back. Very irritating
Have to say the little carry-all case is cute for all little erasers. When I put the batteries in, the screw on cap does not screw in very well at all. Once I had finally capped it on, no connection to work. So, instead of going through returns I put a little piece of foil to tighten connection. Ole', it works now! What a pain. You get what you pay for, as the old saying goes. When I can afford a better one, I will invest in better product.
These cartridge replacements are a waste of money. They do not work and refuse to print correctly. Completely useless!!!!!!
I'm sorry, but I have to be honest. The charging system is horrible. The distance that our guests can travel is extremely limited. I would love to get a refund but I'm sure it's too late.
Ordered total of 3 sets none of the black worked. One cartridge I got 10-15 pages. Refund requested since March. If I could give 0 stars I would
they kept $10 of my money they sent something they knew wouldn't work must have made a fortune on that thing looked like it had been sent out 100 times
it did not work waiting for replacement.
These sleeves don't fit a normal US letter size paper with it being able to lie flat. If I were to close it in a binder it would cause the document to crease. As I planned to use this for my families birth and marriage certificates this definitely doesn't do what I need them to do.
I loved how these didn't make my hands ache after a long day at the hospital. However they fell apart only after a month of using ALL of them. I would think they should last longer than this. Design flaw.
It's not chalk. Doesn't write like chalk. Don't buy it. The calendar falls off the wall.
The picture of this product shows a blue bag with white spots. The spots on the one I received are yellow. Very unhappy with this purchase.
Roughly 3 months after buying this it completely exploded on me. I went to badge into a work area, when I extended the string to tap my badge on a sensor the front face popped off, along with all the internal parts. Very VERY frustrating!
The sleeves are very thin and it's difficult to get my card in and out of them. The sleeves aren't roomy. You have to work to get the card in them to begin with. Please save your money.
Nice sorter if you want the pennies in the nickel slot. Even when only pennies are put in it, they all go to the nickels slot. Very few if any went to the right place. Pretty useless as a sorter if you ask me.
This ink worked at first but then my printer didn't seem to like it and couldn't recognize the print head. I went back to official HP ink and it works perfectly again. I got only a couple prints out of this ink before the issue started. Do not buy
Flimsy, cheap, could print off your own for a better price. Returns are not free so I'm stuck with it or else I pay them to send it back.......
I pulled this out of the box today it is crap it is broken everywhere scratches all over the chalkboard don't waste your money on it I am very upset I was going to use it for back to school pictures literally where I hang it up it is all broken the chalkboards all scratched can write on it without the scratches showing up save your time and money and buy something else !!
Some of the pens were broken when I opened the pack. Pens are made very cheap.
We received and installed these cartridges on Friday, March 3rd. The multi-color cartridge is empty after printing no more than 50 - mainly black, text - pages. Not what I expected from a cartridge labelled 'XL'
I didnt use this recorder when it i got it.So i lost my return.I put the battery in read the instuction.I could never get anything displayed on the screen.They recorders are suppost to be put there paces,They didnot on this one.So I have to eat my cost of a sony recorder.Another piece of china junk!!!!Very pissed off
This worked great for about a week then stopped. Returning.
Very poor quality the Ink is all over the place the drummer is now with smeared ink really bad never again to buy this company
Absolutely awful quality. Okay, I knew I was getting plastic lenses and I wasn't expecting jeweler's quality in this loupe, but I found it to be nearly impossible to see anything clearly at all. The lenses were so cheap they just could not resolve an image at all.
I never received this product though it says it was personally delivered to me in a box with other items. It was not in the box.
Please do not buy. It is useless, no instruction. Figure it out but does not work.
Too small for an 8.5x11 sheet of paper. About one third of the box ( Avery Diamond Heavyweight/ Preservation Sheet Protectors). Guess if I want to use them I'll have to trim to fit. Avery is out of Brea, CA, but they apparently sold out for better profits, giving us crap. A reputable name brand means nothing these days.
I have bought two of these staplers and they both have broke within the first month. It is extremely hard to open and the staples get stuck almost ever time i used it. I would not recommend purchasing this.
Wifi is very flaky. I have 3 printers (2 brothers and this HP). Most of the time it needs rebooting or reset. Duplex printing quits working for no apparent reason and needs a reset/reinstall. Worked with HP a few times over the years (until I had support) to get updated drivers as solutions. This is trash or I would say not even worth the landfill. Look elsewhere if WIFI printing or Duplex is key. If you are on a wired LAN it may work.
worst experience ever!!!!!
I got 10 out of the 35 pack !
Bought this charger and it comes as 2 separate pieces but the pieces don't fit together so we can't use it at all.
No YELLOW ink in cartridge. I just unwrapped this cartridge and placed it in my printer. The blue and magenta worked fine in the cartridge. My HP cartridge ran out just before installing and yellow was working just fine. The black cartridge had no issues. It is very frustrating to need to print color and have it not work. Waste of money!
I bought this in July as a gift and learning tool for my teen grands.... we started working with the pens and NONE of them worked and NONE of the inks came out smoothly or at all.... they will not let me return a defective product because it has been longer than 30 days.... so much for standing behind the products you sell....
I did not even contact the seller and I don't blame it for the problem. I called Canon looking for tech support, and after we went through the process Canon is sending a new printer.
The smell is TERRIBLE!!! I can't even begin to describe what it smells like. It transferred to my pens and highlighters. DO NOT BUY!
Very poor indeed. Wrinkled, cheap with a flaw. Returned.
Used junk just thrown in box. Not sure why they would have even sent this to me.
I ordered these back in October. I was never notified why I did not receive these, nor did I get my money back. I had to do my own research to find out what had happened. I paid for this product and never got it. Super lame, guys.
I did not receive what I ordered! On top of that I can't even return it !!! Highly dissatisfied.
Did not receive pictured product. No response when Amazon/seller contacted.
Pens arent very good. These are brand new and can barely write. Attempted to use about 10 of them and they all start to crap out. Waste of money.
You have to do One label at a time in order to have them line up. Get AVERY 3/4 Labels instead. I wish it was a way to get my money back. I feel like I've been Scammed!!!!!
Seem good at first, but this Toner does not print well and has started leaking and affecting my color printing. When toner is warm, color pages print out faded. Prints lines even after gently rocking toner side to side. If I could get a refund on this, I would. Never buying remanufactured 3rd party toner again
Only one pen would work.
It can't be easily scratched. If you scratch it gently, nothing happens. If you scratch it a little harder, you can easily tear up the map. Coins or scratch tools both are not working....
Cartridge defective does not print
Where I do start with the issues: The table is made of literally the thinnest metal possible. Torquing the screws literally bends the metal inwards. It's not even made of sheet metal. Also, rust and dents every where. China steel/chinesium (if it is steel) Screw holes on one part of the table are not properly aligned with their respective part. I have tried flipping parts all around and trying new combinations but to no avail. The instructions being garbage do not help either. (See photo showing misalignment. The horizontal bar is slanted) Lastly, missing screws. Even if I were to misalign the holes on the table and try to screw them in, I cant, because about 5-6 out of 24 hex bolts are missing. (2 missing M6 x 55, and 5 missing M6 x 35, missing Allen key) My recommendation - get a used desk for much cheaper.
I started putting these labels on all of my shipped out boxes, as they printed fine and well. They appeared to stick well... but after shipping out nearly 40 boxes to various clients across the United States, I started receiving e-mails one by one from these clients. They were questioning where their packages were... these labels had nearly all fallen off in transit and stuck to various other boxes or flew out to who knows where. People were receiving other people's mail with these labels attached to it, or no mail at all. Trying to save money ended up costing me MUCH more money in refunds and comping re-orders. I would not recommend this product, for it very much is a 1-star in the "adhesion" category.
I prefer the Brother brand, but Amazon's service and shipping is great and fast!
Initially worked for 1 day. 2 weeks later I tried it and it wouldn't print.
Didn't work well on my laptop in Skype calls. People could not hear me or it sounded like I was too far way from the mic with it right in front of my mouth.
Do not waste your money. Go to a store. Made very cheaply and very hard to open.
Worst shipping, arrives a week late. Disappointed.
Received the wrong model in the correct box. It had also been used, was not brand new. Very disappointed!
Ordered ink and never received it. Selected 2 day shipping and it's now day 5 and still no ink!!! No email or info on where my package is.
This item arrived broken. Bout for my son. Cannot give it to him. The wheels and bar are cracked/broken in half. Very disappointed! I would like to return for a refund but they won't let me. Not happy!
Worst printer I ever bought, quality of just printing word docs was terrible.
I installed one of these toner cartridges today. Printed 3 pages. Toner streaks all over my copies and toner all over my printer I had to clean up. Threw them in the trash right away. I didn't even bother to try to return them. Never again.
The glass broke the first day I received it!! Very cheap glass in frame.
I couldn't record or put anything on it
Cartridges make blue and yellow speckles on our copies when we print in color. Seller has not resolved issue.
This ink gets everywhere. Definitely do this lettering on a surface meant for crafting
This worked a few times and then it started making my printer give me a cartridge error. It is this cartridge causing it because when I put the empty one, it works fine. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY! My printer is full of ink now! What a ripoff!
I sent this product back once, because "Peyton Navy" was ordered. The replacement came today - "Peyton White" again. My co-worker decided to just keep it to avoid further hassel - but what the heck ! Navy and white do not look the same, nor are they spelled the same. Customer service ?
Cheap and broke very quickly. Great idea, but we used it, gently, only a few times before it broke. Don't waste your money. Get something of better quality.
Flimsy material. Very disappointed,not cheap. Cost should have been $10.00.
No key rings included
Purchased this product thinking the quality would be great but it constantly jams despite the "no-jam" claim in the title. I don't staple every day but staple often and the hassle is very inconvenient. Double staples are constantly released and causes jams. The only great thing is that this came with a staple remover which helps un-jam the staples!
The cartridge prints great, however unless you remove the cartridge after every print it will jam and waste tape. It seems that this cartridge is made slightly different than the original and after the tape is cut, it will not feed thought the end of the machine and consequently jam. As long as you take the cartridge out and pull the tape through the cartridge about 1/4 “ it works great. But who want to do that !each time .
I read the reviews and was kind of weary about the device. Loads of people have said that it either arrived defective or broke not too long after. I was part of the latter. Mind you, the tape comes out or gets stuck a lot before the final nail in the coffin. I tried reloading the tape and everything but something inside had broke so that the tape does not move forward at all. There isn't even a way to reach out to the support team about it. So I would say... it's not worth it.
Package arrived completely torn apart as pictured. Would definitely not recommend nor would I buy again from this seller.
Frustrating that a major piece... an end piece with a handle... was missing. I don't have time to return this now, as we just moved. Will have to eat the $40 I wasted on this.
It simply did not charge my Apple Watch.
Do not, I repeat, do not throw away your money. It is nearly impossible to transfer the decal to your product. I wasted so much time, ink and frustration trying to use this product.
Did not work. Followed the direction to the T and still the hose leaks. Can not recommend.
Way too small to play with. ...easily dropped and lost.
Unfortunately the clip broke after a few weeks, I'm thinking it was defective but I have not been able to reach out to the seller yet. I will update if the seller reaches out.
The angle of the remote to the usb receiver needs to be from above. Not convenient.
Never got my printer
Packaging it came in was ripped and taped, and calender also had a ~ 2 inch rip down the center. Still able to use, but after paying for what I thought would be a nice calender, finding it ripped was very disappointing.
If you are using a DYMO printer don't waste your time. I probably have wasted 100 labels per roll because these won't stay lined up and when you get down to about the last 20 labels they won't stay tight enough on the roll so to print 1 label takes 5!
OMG! Don't buy these! I tried to install them and got ink EVERYWHERE! LEAK CITY! NEVER AGAIN!
Update: this projector was my dream come true, but after 2 weeks, it started with a bad sound and added a poor vision, the projector is not working good anymore, I contacted them, but they didn't respond me. So I decided to return it.
The colors are not very "assorted" they are very similar in color. Not like the picture shown at all.
I asked for a blue pen with a lid and they sent me a red one without a lid ... and very ugly
I ordered this planner and was very excited for it to come, but became very disappointed upon receiving it. I thought I was getting a year-long planner but this only works for 6 months, and you have to go through the work of writing in all the dates yourself! It makes no sense that the weekly pages are in a completely different section than the daily pages because who has the time to flip back and forth through all those pages? The idea of daily and weekly goal setting and intentions is what drew me to this product, but it is completely disorganized! The pages are also low quality and unattractive. The product description promised so much but didn't actually detail the number of pages or what the planner could be used for. I think this could work if you are just trying to focus on a few goals for a short period of time. It does not work as a daily planner. Returning it and going back to my tried and true Day Designer!
Arrived with bottom hook strip detached from door hanger.
This was exactly what I was looking for in my home office and I was super happy for 3 months until it started to crack where the wheels frequently roll. Cracks keep getting worse and it will not last a year. The plastic seems to be too ridgid for its intended use.
Beautiful out of the box, but it broke is less than 8 hours of wearing it! The lanyard is not fixable, so its simply $$ down the drain... Very disappointing!
I only had three cartridges out of the box that worked, totally DISSATISFIED. I should have sent them back
For the first few months this was a decent mat...before it began to curl upward. Then it became dangerous and almost unusable. If a chair caster went off the mat, it would catch on that curled edge and wouldn't budge. Worse still, because of the curl, particularly the corners, and the location of my desk, the mat was a safety hazard. Easy to trip on if I didn't closely watch where I was walking. Not good for a senior. Finally, I couldn't take it anymore, having tired of swearing at it and hoisting the chair back into place if it had strayed. I don't know if other purchasers have had this problem, but I wouldn't purchase this item again even if it were the only one available. A terrible purchase.
This is not what I thought it would be or wanted. Disappointed
It breaks way too easy, it doesn't write nicely, and it doesn't erase. Not great.
The first couple times I printed it worked great. Unfortunately I have to print from my phone right now which it why they over lapped, because I did t align them right. From then on, the pages stopped going through printer so smoothly. I could hear them almost get stuck but nothing was printing on the page. Won't buy again. Way too expensive to have wasted all these pages and ink too! UPDATE - put my printer on clean mode and re tried and still the same thing. Streaks.
The product was not in the envelope from Amazon, and I cannot find a way to address the issue with Amazon. I am out almost $10 and there is nothing i am able to do about it.
Im an artist....and I loved the first pens I bought..they lasted over a year....the second ones I got leak and squirt paint out all over my already prepared canvas ruining my painting...im not happy with these and cannot use them..very disappointed..signed Laurie Davis
One of the two keychains arrived defective. When I tried to pull the apart the magnet on one side came out of the plastic holder and would not stay in when placed back in the plastic holder. Asked to replace the one item but this company does not offer replacement items so Amazon gave me a full refund. Would not buy this item again.
couldn't use most of the pencils most of them were split and unusable.
paper get jammed in the printer all the time !!!!! what a disaster.......
Two problems 1. Described as four packs of four but only one pack of four. 2. Black was dried out.
Needed these yesterday but didn't get them because the seller sent them with a signature required and didn't tell me. So nobody was home to sign for them and they sat in the post office until I could pick them up. Will not be messing around with this crap again.
Came with a crease. Won't lay flat or stick to the fridge. Extremely disappointed.
Desk worked well for several months, but then screws ripped out of the particle board, making it useless. Shoddy quality - don't buy!
It arrived rolled and flattened. Tried to see if it would lie flat but after 4 days with weights holding it flat, it was still covered with creases and ripples. Returned it and bought a tempered glass mat for almost the same price.
Delivery person left on floor of front poor so the local animals carried it off. Never got to use it. I would think amazon prime would give some general rules to delivery team
Nice size - unable to remove from wall which is very unfortunate
These leads constantly break and jam your mechanical pencil so that you end up having to buy a new pencil. It is not worth the price! Next time I will stick with the lead from Pentel which never have this problem.
It came to me already broke so I just trashed Iit should have kept the wristband, the hands was hanging off,
Too small Can't write anything in the boxes
Tried to save money on this thinking you couldn't possibly mess up a sticker. I was wrong. Despite following directions and meticulously putting this up, it peeled off the wall within 15 minutes. Tried applying pressure to the areas that were peeling, to no avail. Had completely fallen within 1 hour, so I disposed of it. Save yourself the trouble and buy a different one.
wrong size. Returned it.
lasted one week broke into pieces
This pen is a real disappointment. I am a pen 'snob' so to speak and this one didn't cut it at all. It is hard to twist (not smooth) and the ink skips as you write and leaves blank spaces for letters it didn't print. It is also kind of scratchy to write with...not at all what I wanted.
Does not sit level. The locking arms are weak. I am having a hard time contacting the seller to resolve this issue. I purchased this model which was more expensive, in hopes that the quality was better. I do not recommend this product.
Don't waste your money, didn't even last a day
I hate them. I bought them because they were advertised as working well for people with hearing difficulties. Well, no. They work less well than my old phones
These bags are poor quality but what do you expect when you get 5 for 7 bucks!
The color is really dull. I have purchased these before and they were great on a write on wipe off board. These seem so dull that my student's always ask for a new one. However, the new ones are all the same.
Item never received. No way to contact seller for refund, etc.
Could not get mic going on window 10 had to change to the Logitech one and it worked right away.
This product did not work in my HP printer
I made 1 label and it said battery power low. Changed batteries and the same thing.
The most unhelpful instructions I have ever had the pleasure to deal with and I've put plenty of furniture. The illustrations do not show the proper way to put the pieces, so you get so far before you realise they are backward, upside down, or on the wrong side or you put a wrong shelf somewhere because they aren't numbered. It took way to Long to put together door such a small piece.
I have the worst luck buying products from Amazon. Yes, I received two chargers but they don't work. Both of them are not working. And Yes, I want to return them
The fine point is a little 'finer' than I expected , otherwise nice pen- - 3/5 stars.
I have tried 2 of the 5 in cartridges and they both failed completely. My HP print will not accept them. I bought toners locally. Based on packaging they look like refills and not new. SOLD BY TONER PLANET
They were all scratched up and the had fallen out of their packing. The package looked like it was already opened...
Pure crap. They stickiness lasts for about five minutes. Regretting my purchase.
So I got my calendar in the mail today. IT WAS FOLDED IN HALF! Who the heck wants a calendar that folded in half??????????? Why would anyone fold it in half. Seriously I am super super disappointed.
I have ordered these twice now and twice I have not received the item. I would love to give a valued review of the product but I just cant seem to get it delivered..
batteries are fine it just took way to long to receive.
This is horrible. Didn't come with a lid and so small idk what I'm supposed to fit in it. And sadly it's not eligible for return. Waste of money.
Returned and purchased thicker magnetic strips instead. Too thin to function as a magnet at all.
I replaced the ink with these and the printer does not recognize them. I have tried several times to take them out, put them back in. I shut off the printer and tried it again. Nothing seems to work. Brand new and useless for me as they are not recognized.
Piece came broken. Did not cut effectively and was not smooth when rolling the handle. Return cost is more than the price of the item. Don't buy.
Have used this laminator sparingly over the past 9 months- maybe 120 sheets total and now it has stopped working. The tumbler that feeds the paper is no longer spinning and I can find no way to fix. Do not purchase if you plan on using on a regular basis.
1 part missing, ( part C ) it Supposed to be seven pieces it was only six.
Color cartridges work ok... black cartridges were trash. First one worked ok but not for long. Just installed the second black one and it won't work at all. Junk.
Bought this for my husband for Xmas. Easy to put together - good design and function. Biggest flaw is the manual riser doesn't work as expected. Need two people to raise or lower or you will throw your back out. Product doesn't work as described or intended. Thinking on upgrading to electric desk but unsure how to return the one we have without a box.
Cheap base broke on me when I was playing on my xbox
Granted I know this is a remanufactured ink cartridge, but it didn't even last for two weeks. Not worth the hassle.
I'm not happy and wish I could get a refund. It's very lightweight which is great but its flimsy and the wheels definitely dont go up and down stairs like it should. I'm so disappointed.
This product absolutely sucks! I am a long time fan of Cline products but I was very disappointed with the display pockets. The sticky Velcro (if you can call it that) did not hold or stay on to any of my cubicle fabric walls or cabinetry. It's best to just buy the Velcro and the acrylic holders as it looks better.
Terrible. I ordered 0.5 it was sent 0.7 mm size pens. I want you to send me 0.5. Please correct your mistake
Continues to enter sleep mode requiring restart each time. HP will not offer solution to problem despite multiple complaints online. Just check out their forum. They are more concerned about their corporate environmental viewpoints than their customers. Will not be buying HP again. Likely going to look at Epson or other companies. Do NOT buy this printer if you need it to remain on and available.
The stickers say "form" instead of "from." Really frustrating.
Photo shows original square notes. These are half the size. Read the description carefully!
I have STILL not received my order! It was supposed to arrive last Thursday... never came and I have ZERO available updates or tracking information.
Never received them. Seller didn't respond.
Absolutely horrible. We've had these clips for 1 week and out of the 30 clips our classroom has used, half of them have been broken or do not clip. I buy clips from amazon very frequently and these are by far the worst ones. Very disappointed.
I ordered this and all I got were the post it's... very disappointed!
One of the worst product sold on amazon
I got these pens and that don't write and so that was a waste of money!!!!
Item failed to work after 35 days, of course after the 30 day return policy.
I received this safe and tried to use the keys provided to open it. Both keys would not open the safe. I tried many times and was still unsuccessful. I'm very disappointed with this product
Pretty easy to please with paper. Unfortunately my reem came completely ripped apart. No way to know for certain I have all my papers. Corners are bent on about 1/4 of the papers. Plus side, there arnt any smudges or discoloration. Need to use it immediately, or else I'd return.
I am not happy with this product they fell apart in less then a year, warranty was only good for six months. Unfortunately I trashed the old ones
I can't speak to how good the pen is because I've yet to receive it. I ordered it the first time, and only the refills came. I reached out to Amazon customer service and the kindly took care of the return and had a replacement shipped out, and AGAIN just the refills came. No pen. I'm not going to try again.
Every single envelope had water damage and therefor was unusable since I could not open them.
BOUGHT THE IRIS HOLDERS...ARRIVED WITH THE INTERNAL ENVELOPE OPEN AND 2 OF THEM STUCK TO THE GLUE...SO 2 OF THEM TRASH....AND ONE HAS AIR BUBBLE IN IT DESTROYING THE IMAGE AND ANOTHER THE PRINT ONLY COVERS 2/3 OF THE PLATFORM....WANTED TO LOVE THEM BUT I DO NOT! RETURNING!
They didn't work at all and when I switched back to actual HP ink my computer wouldn't connect to the printer ... not sure if they are related but never again will I buy these cheap knockoffs
I don't like them they are slick and the pen smears
This was a terrible purchase! I have never written a review before, but these were that disappointing. I wanted gold eggs to do a gender reveal egg hunt. Unfortunately these eggs were all beat up, scratched, and used looking. I didn't end up using them.
Doesn't work with my HP printer. Total waste of money!
Penny tube held 51 cents instead of 50.
These stickers could have been perfect. They are the exact size and variety I was looking for. However, upon opening them, they had suck a toxic smell that they instantly gave us a headache. Not thinking about it, we handled them and didn't immediately wash our hands. They then caused burning and a rash on our skin where we touched them and then touched other places. I'm not sure what chemical was used in their manufacture, but we had to put them in a plastic bag and straight to the trash bin outside. Very disappointed, as these were just what we needed.
Broke the first day I used it 😓
Never received this.
About one month after purchase the receiver said "no line" and there was no dial tone. Called customer service and was told phone needs to be reset. We reset it but this kept happening about every 6 weeks. Don't need that aggravation. Just sent it back; it's a piece of junk.
These are AWFUL. They DO NOT dry! It's been 40 minutes since I printed, and the label is smudged and still smudging if touched. If you have hours to wait, perhaps it dries. I know that I'm too busy to do this with every item I need to ship being a business owner. Very disappointed.
This labels are awful! I get a paper jam most of the time and waste them, does not happen with any of the labels I have bought on Amazon before.
I was sent a blue calculator after buying a white one. I went back to double check that I ordered the white and I did. I was sent the wrong item. It's a great product. But not what I wanted or ordered.
Not compatible. Total waste of money. Tech-support says use only genuine cartridges. Product description said it was compatible with my model of laser printer, But it wasn't. Waste of time and money.
Ruler came with the cork backing completely off and broken into several pieces. The ruler was also bent and does not lay flat. I was able to get the cork backing to stay on with double sided tape but overall not very impressed with the quality.
Did not receive this in my order. ordered with a book and received the book in an envelope. Have searched the book and the envelope and couldn't find it in either. Tried to find where to contact Amazon, but item is non returnable nor refundable so I am not sure I can get my money back. Very disappointed.
My first purchase was great. The second batch I got was completely different and keeps jamming my printer. The seller says I cannot feed them back through a second time. Well that's what I need to do with them since I usually only need one at a time. But hey, the seller said I should buy a different printer. o.O
The black cartridge came taped shut. It's obvious the original packaging has been opened and then taped shut. That makes me suspicious. What did I buy? I paid for original product, did I get recycled? Ii just don't know. I bought yellow at the same time and it was fine.
Charged it all night. Used it on low for about two hours and then it just shut off and did not work anymore. Now I get messages from the seller basically telling me it didn't come from them. Oh well.
I made an error buying this plastic paper holder. I thought it was metal. I wanted to use it for holding fair isle knitting patterns and patterns for tablet weaving. Not going to work. Probably won't hold up. Don't recommemd.
Broke after using 3 hours
Not all, but some of these pens have leaked and ruined clothing. Will need to throw out the box of 60 blue pens I ordered plus I already have a box of 60 black pens of the same kind. Employees are afraid to use them no so may have to dispose of them also.
Received it, plugged it in and it does not work even after consulting with my phone people. was defective and had to get one elsewhere that works like a charm. Returning this one.
Had it on the wall for a couple months. Tried to move it and it tore all the paint off the wall. I now have to patch and repaint the wall. Do not buy.
The tape cannot be used for Moving. Very bad quality. Did not expect it from this brand
I was able to install the black ink, the printer read it, but when I went to print a week later the printer would no read the cartilage. I will not be ordering this product anymore. I tried taking it out shaking the cartilage and reinstalling. It still would not work.
The product size was not readily available. Therefore we purchased the wrong sized product. It looks nice if you want a pocket sized planner/calendar.
Ball fell off soon I open it
I didn't install it until 40 days after I had bought it... so it is too late to return it. I can't figure out how to contact the merchant. It just makes an awful grinding noise. Help!
Dont like it. It didn't work as well as i expected
Pricing was for 12. Received 6. Horribly misleading and deceptive.
They sold a new one and delivered a used one. There is some imperfections in the screem. Remote control does not work properly. I want my money back
I am sure this printer would be ok for a PC, but it is not very compatible for Macs. HP admits this. It is set by default to print two sided. If you can remember, each time you go to print you can uncheck the "two sided" box, but who remembers to do this. Tech support says you can't change a default setting to not print two sided automatically or "scan to computer" (from the printer) if you have a Mac. So you have to walk to the printer, load your scan pages, walk back to you Mac to tell it to scan, back to the printer to retrieve you original documents etc. The scan quality is not very clear. My old HP had clearing scans. This is crazy to understand since so many people have Macs. Also, the document feeder recently jams, so be very careful using the document feeder if you have important documents that you don't want to risk getting chewed up. Had one good experience with HP tech via phone. Had many bad experiences via their chat. The chat rep. would take several minutes to respond to chat messages back and forth. It was time consuming and painful.
I heard so many good things about it but it ended up being trash. I might as well give it away.
Fake!! These are fake pens. They do not work!! I ordered these to use as back up to my digital bill detector. I keep a fake $100 in the office of my restaurant to help train staff. It's a known fake. The digital detector caught the bill so I know it's fake. These pens show that it's real!! I have other fake bills used for training staff and it says those are real as well. Come on amazon!! Stop letting people sell fake stuff on here!!
I ordered this product and it never showed up, although it said it was delivered. The only way to make a make a complaint about it was to "return and replace" it asked me to send the product back for my refund. I had no product to return. Needing the product immediately, I ordered another one, it again said it was delivered and It was never delivered. Amazon sent a picture of the item and it was not a picture of our door. How can I get this product delivered to the right place?
Placed both units. Instructions are printed in -2 font, impossible to read.
Product came covered in mold! Not just the bag that contains the sleeves but inside the packaging in the individual sleeves! The few that were not disgusting were of thin terrible quality. Would not recommend
I did not receive this item
I ordered this printer unluckily I received a different printer. Tried to contact the seller multiple times, either he answers with an incomprehensible reply or he ignores my emails. I have been waiting for 10 days!!! Till now I haven't received a replacement. Very poor service especially when its their mistake- they sent me the wrong item!!!!
So disappointing, and I had high hopes from reading other reviews. I purchased 2 of the double packs with tri color and black ink cartridges. It was time to replace my HP original black cartridge, and the greenbox cartridge didnt fit properly. I am 100% sure i did everything correctly. It was not the electronic contacts, definitley the actual fit. It snapped in place like it should, but was still not as tight as the original ones are. Printer wouldn't recognize a cartridge was there. I tried another Greenbox cartridge and it worked fine. So I am going to use that one for now. So I am out a black greenbox xl cartridge and money, but the other one worked fine. Definitely not a good first experience. I tried calling their customer support to just a busy signal always.
This product is the worst. I got 2 different ones of theee delivered, and neither would work. The first one was defective, and the printer cartridges wouldn't click in. I returned this one, and had a second one delivered, but this one would never print in color - no matter I tried.
very difficult to cut on a traditional tape dispenser....thin? not sure, but not comparable to other 'generic tapes'
I added my family to the VIP list so that they wouldn't get blocked. Blocked about half of them anyway and let in the robo calls it's supposed to block. Absolutely useless.
I wish SO BADLY I did not waste my money on this waste-of-space printer. I cannot tell you the number of hours I have spent (literally) trying to get it to print ONE document. The sensor is so finicky and doesn't work most of the time when I try to print. It always says there is a jam or that the paper isn't adjusted correctly. Seriously? No, it's not the paper that's messed up. It's this printer. I've used Epson brand paper, regular copy paper, etc. and it just is this terrible. I'm a graphic designer, so I've used my fair share of printers made by HP, Brother, Canon, etc. and this is by far the WORST.
it said that it was delivered two days ago but I did not receive anything!!!!
leaked on hands, all over pants and onto floor tiles. ruined the pants. never again!!!!
1 got two they did do not work
Very small. Completely different to the picture
Returned this product. Cheaply made is not a negative scanner by any means. Do not buy this if you want to scan film negatives. Misrepresented.
None of my cabinet doors line up. Very very disappointed. Very cheap for $235 ....was a booger to put together and then to find out how it does not line up at all in the end is super aggravating!!
This projector has no bluethooth as advertised
Stapled right through my finger.
The phones were terrible. The sound quality as awful. I am sorry that I bought it.
I ordered this item 2 weeks ago for the price of $15. The item never came and I never got a tracking number. I had to email the seller to ask where my product is. At that time the price jumped to more than $17 and they asked if I just wanted to cancel. I said "No" and asked that they please re-ship them. I am still waiting for a tracking number at this time and the peanuts are still not here (second week in a row) and now the price per item has jumped up to $20. It seems that the seller is not wanting to sell me the item at the price I paid for it which is the $15. Have contacted seller a second time. Still no response. I would purchase from a different seller.
Garbage !!! DO NOT BUY!!! Ships out of China no ink in any of cartridges
This item arrived in a hard tube with metal caps pushed almost two inches inside the hard cardboard tube. I cannot get it open. The cardboard is too hard to cut. The metal is very solid and I cannot bend it to pry the caps open. I think I will literally have to purchase a handsaw to cut the tube. It's ridiculous. If I could give it a zero star I would. Do not buy this.
It fit my planner which was good, but it really was not at all what I expected. Had no daily pages to insert. Almost useless! Very very disappointing.
I ordered this pack. The black ink worked fine, my printer won't accept the yellow ink. Now I can't print anything.
It is impossible to get the backing off the paper without ruining it! Really disappointed with the product, total waste..
This binder is big, perhaps too big to fit insides a backpack.
I have used this company before and always had a good outcome, but this time the printer ink I ordered did not fit my printer. Yes, it showed it was the compatible number for my printer, but the lid doesn't close. When it was time to open the box to use the ink, it was too late to send back. :(
Having any watermark is unacceptable.
We didn't use the first cartridge before the 30 day window for a return closed. Once we used one, it worked fine for about 2 weeks. After which it simply would not print. We set the printer to go through the cleaning process, etc. Still, wouldn't print. Went to the local office store, bought Brother brand ink and the printer worked just fine. Don't waste your money on this!
did not work in printer
I bought this in November to have back up. Just tried a 3 differnt 12x12 pieces and all 3 times it wouldn't cut thru enough to remove backing. I tried changing setting to cut deeper and the same thing...tried a different brand and it cut like butter. This stuff is awful! Buyer beware!!
it says 2 in Amazon, only received one. Called Amazon, they rectified it. Need for swaths at Christmas time. Do not get what you pay for.
Same price but half the quality of last year's edition. I'm so dissappointed that my favorite planner skimped out on me.
I never received this item after two weeks with no updates or explanation. I had to call Amazon to have them cancel. Purchased on February 10th. “On the way” on February 16th. Called Amazon on February 24th to cancel. They said it had never been shipped.
YOU CAN'T OPEN ANYTHING TO UNDO A PAPER JAM YOU HAVE TO SOMEHOW PULL IT OUT. WHEN I DID THE PRINTER BROKE AND THERE IS NO WAY TO GET AT ANYTHING TO FIX. IF THE FRONT OPENED MORE I COULD'VE SAFELY REMOVED THE PAPER BUT THERE WAS NO OTHER WAY. THERE ARE MUCH BETTER CANNON COPIERS THAN THIS INVEST UP ITS WORTH THE EXTRA MONEY TO HAVE A MORE USER FRIENDLY MACHINE
Smelled like mothballs and amonia.
Too difficult to get your cards in and out of it it will only hold about two bills I've since gotten a new wallet it was useless to me
Come broke...besides that super pretty 😞
I replaced these on 2 scanners according to directions and the scanner does not recognize them. I was under the impression they were genuine parts, however it appears they are either defective or aftermarket. I have thrown away the packaging so I cannot return. Waste of money.
Unfortunately, the cartridge is not working well. Ink barely coming out. I will have to purchase new ones, again. 😒
There's a fraud this is not the regular bowl gel pen it comes with the fine tube of refill they rip you off can I buy this product
Without a doubt, THE WORST printer I have ever purchased. After a year of light printing, it sounded like a truck was stuck in it. Six months since, I suspect each time that I use it will be its last screech. I used to have confidence in HP printers. Now I see it's difficult to find one with better than 3 1/2 stars. No wonder. Now I'm stuck with HP Insta-ink cartridges if (rather, when - another mistake) I get something else. What a double ripoff.
I tried to file a claim over the phone. I had already emailed the docs but but the representative told me to email in different documentation again. Afterwards, it was radio silence. The coverage was the same as if I'd paid for the replacement parts myself. They made it as difficult as possible to file a claim. I got an email this morning stating that these crooks lost a class action and I am eligible for a full refund when the case is concluded. Don't fall for this scam!
Upon introduction of media the first 4 plates contaminated, though it might have been my mishandling even with good sterile techniques and a flow hood at my disposal. Then I look at the rest of the plates a couple weeks later and they were all completely contaminated. No bueno.
These do not stick AT ALL to any surface. Colors are gorgeous but the stickiness of these is garbage. Will never buy these again, thankfully I only purchased the small pack.
Both broke within 2 months. Don't waste your money.
The polka dot pen stopped working within a month but says my return window has closed. Great pens but do not last long. It was my wedding planning pen, Bummed!
When I installed the yellow cartridge the copier said it was an empty cartridge. Not very good yield on any of the colors, including black. I have switched brands.
It is stuck in one function and all the literature was in Japanese and Chinese. Very disappointed.
One of the rolls was the right size. The second roll was NOT at all even close to the correct size. Very disappointing.
The ink spills and it didn't last a month, I bought it on April and the color printing is all faded, very bad quality
This stuff does not glow in the dark, it just has glitter in it
I received only on pack out of the two I ordered.
I've been using this for about 2 months and the shelves are starting to fall on one side or the other. Bummer!
This generic commodity product was packaged in ridiculously difficult to open plastic. Tin snips barely got it open. Screw you, Casio.
As in previous reviews of others, they do not work. I ordered a pack several months ago for future use. 2 out of 3 did not work. As I did not use right away, I cannot return. I did not think I would have to worry about about a pen not working much less having to use a review for guidance!
When you need ink, you need ink! I ordered this pack so I could have it when/as the ink ran out in my Brother printer. Changed color packs about 2 months ago. Had to push them in and out several times for the printer to recognize them but eventually they worked. Just tried to change the black....not working!!! No matter how the cartridge is pushed in it will not recognize it! The pack came with 2 black catridges. Doesn't recognize either of them! No I'm stuck!
Just didn't work like it should, the user guide seems to be for another scanner or just very bad broken English. This scanner would be ok for very basic needs, but once you start changing settings it just stops performing. ios SDK only in Chinese
sorry for a negative review. I purchased these. The blue cartridge leaked over all the pages and caused blue streaks on every page I printed, in blobs and streaks. The blue toner was sprinkled throughout the printer itself. the Magenta was not as bad but still streaked the pages. The Yellow and black seemed fine.
Lame design too thick
They arrived all bent up on the corners.
Horrible! They don't show up on the chalkboard at all.
I have ordered this product three times. The first time I got my product as ordered. The second and third time the shipper only sent one box even though they were supposed to send two. I can understand making the mistake once, but to do the same mistake twice is a pity and a shame. I would leave 5 stars for the actual boxes, and 0 stars for the person in shipping who needs reading glasses.
The color cartridge does not work. I have tried everything that I can think of and my printer will not accept the color cartridge. I have to put the old color cartridge back in the printer just to be able to use the black cartridge.
Ordered red pens, received black. Not cost effective to ship them back to get the right item I actually ordered. Item is fine otherwise, shipping was as promised.
These pens did not last long they stopped working after a couple month. This was the once I was using when I went to use others those did not work any more earlier. I threw 90 percent of my pens away with out even getting any use out of them.
Seems real comfortable, other than the fact that I have to squeeze my arms in tight to be able to use the armrests and I had to take the headrest off because it barely reaches to my shoulders. It arrived quickly and in good shape. Upon putting it together (very easy assembly) in my office, there has been a revolving door of people coming to laugh at the guy in the tiny chair. I'm 6'2", 225. I wish I were 5'5", this would be a great chair!
Our card came bent with a crease down the center.
We have a chalkboard menu in our kitchen and after using regular white chalk and a white chalk marker, thought adding some color would be more fun. Boy were we wrong. These markers were impossible to get off to the point that we had to go purchase new chalk paint and redo our board. I highly DO NOT recommend these markers for anyone considering using them for a chalk item. They may work for something else but definitely NOT chalkboards.
I was really excited when I received this machine and was able to use it perfectly the first time. The learning curb wasn't that outrageous for me, I am only making stickers. But then the problems started. First it had problems registering, I figured I was getting my design too close to the registration mark so I fixed that. Then, it started randomly not cutting deep enough sometimes. Then it started not cutting at all. I was able to get a hold of the chat customer service, which was really helpful but made me jump through a lot of hoops (like recording my machine failing to cut when all the settings were right). It's a good thing I had the day off because it took forever to figure it out but they agreed to send me a new machine. I had to pay to ship the defective machine back though (WHY?). I got the new machine and I was so happy to finally be doing work with a machine that was not defective expect just a few days later the new machine started having the same issues! The auto-blade will not adjust the blade correctly and it will get stuck at 0 and not cut. The workaround I found was to set the blade manually and change the auto-blade settings to ratchet blade. After all, I'm only cutting stickers, I don't need the blade settings to constantly change. Well... now the new machine is not registering the registration marks even though they are black marks on white sticker paper! And sometimes it registers them but the cuts are completely off. How is it possible to get two machine with the same issues? I think this machine is too finicky and I wish I had bought another brand.
If I could give zero stars I would. This is pure crap, save your money. I opened it, took one look, repacked it and got return authorization. Not only is it crap but it is falling apart. The inside had a chunk missing and the bottom was just full of splintered I don't know what but it sure isn't wood, maybe a very thin plywood. I don't know but shame on you, Amazon, for selling this.
I was very disappointed with this purchase. The colors advertised were not the colors received. Also, I do not like the pocket on the spine for labeling the folders. It is very tight and hard to get labels in and out. Also, the pockets on the inside are not that great. I wanted these to use in my classroom (my groups are color-coded) and ordered these specifically because the colors matched my groups perfectly. I will not be ordering. I do not recommend. You may or may not get what you expect.
I did not recieve this item?. I almost re-ordered and noticed i already ordered this item which i never recieved.
Horrible product don't waste your money the papers are so small and the decoration is printed so deep you can't see what you're writing very bad stationary
It does not work. I think it is too thick and it bleeds.
Ink worked well but ran out after only a few pages
What's the point of ordering freezer labels if they come to you all smashed. Terrible packaging and shipping. Disappointed
this company is a rip off only received 1 bag of 100 not the case as indicated above
The pens don't work really well . The ink is not flowing evenly and some of the tips were damaged . I'm unable to return this product as the return window is closed. Most of the colors are almost the same .
It does NOT hold standard sizes files.
Showed up bent, very flimsy and cracked as soon as I tried to bed it back.
Purchased these cartridges on Aug 20, 2018 and replaced my toner with these new cartridges today. Whether printing black & white or in color on white paper, all grey tones print with a pink hue. Tried adjusting color in the source document. Tried re-calibrating and cleaning the printer heads as well....nothing seemed to remove the pink hue. Removing these cartridges, recycling this product, and starting over again with new cartridges.
I replaced the black ink cartridge with this one and two days later I had to replace it again - after only printing about 20 pages max! I've never had this happen before...Considering the cost of the number of cartridges I now need to purchase to print my work I have buyers remorse over getting this model of Epson printer. The XL version of the 202 cartridges last a little bit longer...but still not nearly as long as the 220 cartridges I used in my old printer.
Poorly made, fabric coming apart
Never received the rubber fingers :(
HORRIBLE!!!! Used it for (3) days and it BROKE! It no longer extends (or) retracts! Returning this broken pencil IMMEDIATELY!
It lasts only one week, The clip broke after a week. Also, The most outer part of the case started coming off
Dont open unless you have a hazmat suit on... this is AFTER scrubbing Opened box, all ok,opened clear packages, still ok, removed the twist lock and boom... ink that doesnt come off all over my hands. Thought it was just bad luck with the black. NOPE it was every freaking color. Didnt even try its printing abilities yet probably not going to do good for the printer and with it in there it's probably too late :(
Purchased 2 of these and received today, already regretting this purchase.. the lid doesn't open far enough to easily use this product unless you force it open and when you do it makes a loud cracking pop, both of them did the same thing.. sounds like it cracked.. put them back in the box and not sure I even want to use them.. was anxiously awaiting for them to start sorting through some papers and organizing some stuff now I'm just disappointed.
Twice ordered 12 rolls leopard duct tape. First received 12 rolls zebra duct tape no leopard. Reordered received 6 leopard rolls and 6 more zebra rolls. All packages marked leopard. Not happy with order. Would not recommend.
A classic case of getting what you paid for : I tried this on 4 different printers. 4! They either smeared, printed incompletely or jammed the equipment. Using one of the same printers I had zero trouble printing onto other sheets that cost more. My biggest mistake was preemptively purchasing two of these.
One month only. The ring was broken.
Ordered this thinking that I would receive one box of a dozen pens. Silly me, I received ONE pen. Hope it lasts forever.
OMG....I am a professional speaker and wanted to purchase a back up projector. I should of known that it was too good to be true. From the moment it was turned on it was a nightmare. Fan is LOUD! Focus wheel on side didn't work! Clearly I was sent a unit that was tried before, hence the millions of fingerprints all over the unit. I am mostly mad at myself for thinking a projector at this price would give me what I wanted....lesson learned. I have never heard of GooDee but I will always remember the name of the company I don't want products from. It was repackaged and returned to amazon within 20 min of being opened.
The item description says 2 toner cartridges, as does the box. I only received one. Returning immediately. Back to office supply store to get what I need.
I would give this 0 stars if I could. This is useless. These things don't hold anything - neither a cartridge nor a battery is supported by these little buttons. Total garbage. Do not purchase
It says 1500 sheets of paper but I only received 1000, 500 sheets of paper are missing
Just say no. Misaligned seals, incomplete seals, what a waste of money!
The black ink refuses to print out anything and I have wasted numerous sheets of paper getting it to print. I am so angry with this because I read several reviews before I purchased it. I placed it in yesterday and have printed over 50 pages and printed several test pages as well and it still will not print anything black which is the core of my office work. What a colossal waste of money!!!
Not a keychain. I wish I could give it zero stars.
one of the cartridges stopped working - its still full of ink. Thanks for wasting my time and money.
The hardware was not included - please send immediately
Missing items that should have came with it
So I bought 2 of these. Could not see the lights unless you were in pitch dark. If you want to use this during the day, then it is not for you.
This product damaged my ID don't buy this product
Received board with mounting screws loose in box. Should've had 4, only had 3. Box wasn't sealed properly so the screw was most likely lost. Why would someone toss screws and brackets into a shipping box LOOSE????
I went to use the blue cartridge in May 2019 after purchasing it in January 2019 and the cartridge was not any good. Waste of money. My printer was good, but the blue ink wouldn't print. I bought another blue cartridge and everything was find. Won't buy anymore from Amazon as they put a timeframe on reporting a problem.
Were the handle only the brush came?
Don't buy this!!! There are warnings on the back that you have to wash your hands after handling and that chemicals in the product have been found to cause birth defects.... why is Amazon selling this???
I bought it because it was cheap and I do a LOT of printing of literature to pass out. First, when I took the cover off of the end, it was "leaking." The stuff was everywhere and got all over my hands. It installed fine and printed fine. . . .HOWEVER, the ink just rubs right off the paper. I have to fold it and my hands were COVERED in the ink. When I use the Brother brand, this does not happen. I will not buy this again. It's a MESS.
Colors look washed out. These are probably ok if you do not need to match colors, such as for simple business letters, etc. You get what you pay for.
package previously open
The headphones did not work at all. But delivery was fast
I was so excited for this product, it's so much cheaper than the ink I usually buy. But I have to say, the quality of the ink was not that great. The black is fine of course, but the color is off. I would not use it for anything important.
I know this brand to be extremely good and easy to use as I have used it before. However, the pens that I received were below the quality. At first, they were leaving uneven streaks of ink and now they do not write at times at all. I had such high hopes for these pens (since I take a lot of notes for school) but now it's a waste...
I returned this item as no matter how much I tried to put it together and tighten it up , it kept falling over with a 5 lb laptop on it.
I would like to receive what I ordered and paid for. This is not even CLOSE. Hate to even give them 1 start - but you can't leave it blank
It broke in less then 5 minutes
Packaging is too simple. When received, the pen has been damaged and the glue inside is leaking everywhere. It can't be used at all, it's just rubbish. The smell is also very bad.
It did not come was a pen, as stated in the description. How can I even try it out without the pen needed? I don't wish to return the item or a refund; I just want a pen!
Printer does not accept this ink
Ordered it. Waited for it. Never got it. Not impressed.
We just put this replacement 32A toner into our HP printer and it seems that there is toner in the cartridge. It is printing horrible? We have a brand new HP printer and this is the first 32A toner we have replaced and it's not working. Can we get a new one send to us FREE of charge?
Third set of batteries and still doesn't work. Please do not waste your money on this trash!
The good: - Very pretty - Smooth - Ink similar quality and look as Gelly Roll Metallic The bad: - Ink very quickly runs out, don't get attached to the colors - Not all of the ink will come out of the cartridge, you will have streaks and blobs left unused and wasted inside - Glitter all over your life forever I like the pens, but I bought them to make notes and outline stories with. I wrote six pages--three pages front and back--and had to refill the pen because it was out. Then that refill lasted for not even two pages front and back. A third of the ink is left in streaks inside the cartridge. I'll have to look for an alternative for my writing. I can't imagine these are very reliable for anything but tiny notes or small art pieces.
Purchase the base and received the wireless. 🤦🏻‍♂️ Very upset with the service this time. I really needed the new phone.
If you can write in the space half the size of college rule, this will work for you. There is a lot of wasted space on the page that could have been used to enlarge the writing areas. Disappointed
Never Recieved, Buisness won't answer my emails, Giving false delivery dates. I ordered these 3 months ago and i haven't received it yet. WASTE OF MONEY!
They came already dried out. Didn't get to use them once.
Specifically says "two pocket" and the product I received has one. Useless to me. Very disappointed.
After about a week of use, they started creating large black and colored lines on every piece of paper printed. Waste of money.
We have had this scanner for less than four months now and it already does not work. I cannot figure out how to contact Amazon about warranty information or returning it. For a $300 product, I expect it to work a lot longer than 4 months
Used these to hang a lot of dry-mounted artwork. Less than 3 days later and everything is falling off the walls and damaging the artwork and the items they fall on. Extremely disappointed.
Originally rated this a 5 star, but after using it for about a month I find I get paper jams consistently. This results in wasted paper and toner.
The retractable cord snapped the first week of use!
printer would not recognize cartridges. I want my money back
One of the organizers is missing a rubber bottom. The seller knew this because attached to the item is a note saying it is missing a rubber bottom. And yet ot was sent anyway.
It does not fit my Surface Pro , but otherwise it seems like a sturdy product.
Printing is very bad.
Do not order unless you're prepared to wait 2 month to actually get it.
Only two of the fobs worked when I got it. After using it for about a month, they also stopped working. We tried replacing the batteries, and it didn't help.
Never sent product - Received an empty envelope.
Does not deserve a star! Poor quality. It came all in seperate pieces. Glued cheap way. I should have read the reviews before I bought this 👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
I had high hopes for this but paper gets jammed in the teeth constantly .
Having recorded some important conversations i find that the computer doesn't recognize this recorder when i connect through the USB. Tried both mac and pc. what a ripoff!
Worked fine at first, but broke after only opening a dozen letters.
I can't say that my experience is universal, but for my writing, the nib was too thin to write on any surface.
Plan your project well in advance it was 9 days before I received this( so much for prime 2 day shipping). Then find out it is not eligible for return. I can not find anywhere that says this in the product description
Junk. Springs that were suppose to hold batteries fell out upon opening. Not installed properly. Will not last 2 weeks!!!! Don't buy it! I was out of town and missed return date by one day. Can not reach Amazon so I am out 10 dollars.
Square trade is the most stupid company i have every purchased from. I bought square trade for issues like this. Installed the dash cam, 3 months later, the plastic tabs that are used to hold the camera to the existing rear view mirror snapped off. Square trade said, this is accidental damage and is not covered ... like WTF ???? Im sorry but its a part that is crucial to the operation and its not covered under a loop hole???? Going to contact amazon to get this sorted out.
I would give this no stars if possible. The first batch I bought of these were great, yellow backing, no issues. 2nd time, they are horrible, continually jamming in my printer and I have to sit and feed them one sheet at a time to prevent any jamming and it still happens. I'm so unhappy with these labels! I don't understand how buying the exact same thing can result in a different product being supplied the 2nd time. Buyer beware, find a different label!
I disliked the cost of cartridges immediately after purchase of the all-in-one printer copier. The cartridges are extremely expensive and do not last very long. When one ink cartridge gets low, the printer will no longer print (not even a poor quality copy) until cartridge is replaced. Also, for the machine to die after 18 months is unacceptable since our home use is very minimal. I do not plan to buy another Epson product.
Unfortunately, this ruler broke while shipping and therefore arrived in two pieces. This looked like it could have been something but because it didn't arrive in any packaging and just simply in a box, it broke. Try finding another ruler, wouldn't recommend.
Won't work in my printer.
Awful product. You have to cut tape with scissors because ordinary tape dispenser holder will not cut. Threw away. Obviously made in Asia.
These are horrible sticky notes. They literally do not stick to anything. I have to keep stapling them to the papers to keep them from falling off.
The product is fine but PAG I have a bone to pick with you: Your 2nd purchase discount code didn't work, and you said to contact you if any problems but you have no contact info.
Ordered 2, one of them buttons 1-4 don't even work! And they are smaller than I thought they were going to be
hp won't take refilled cartridges.
The items I received are frosted -- not clear. I was VERY disappointed.
These are supposed to be "smudge free". They are for a laser printer. When I used them on my laser printer, they smeared to the point of completely wiping off. This was after letting them dry overnight.
Well-I had to get a replacement of this order because the first one I ordered came as used! I opened the package and the black sealed bag holding the cartridge was at the bottom of the box. There were no pull tabs. Someone else had returned this product (either it was the wrong size or it was empty-not sure). Either way it should not have been sent to me this way. I ordered a replacement which is working fine but I had to take the time and effort to take to UPS to return this used product. I sure hope someone else doesn't get this one!
I should have read some reviews first. The price caught my eye. One of the two cartridges did not work and I am returning. The other one does not have good print quality. I'll stick with the OEM cartridges in the future.
What a waste of my money...these do not go thru. my epson printer....yet said it would...ive tried everything...and my printer will not except them...ive changed settings, everything...nope...so if ya have a home printer...dont waste your money on these.....i have no idea what im gonna do with them now...awful product
These pens are horrible, the ink tube in many of the pens have air bubbles in them stopping the ink flow. The tips clog up and the ink almost seems dried up.
Did test strokes with ONCE and left it alone for quite a while. When it came time to use it, the ink wasn't flowing to the tip like it should. I had stored it on it's side, which is how you would normally store any sort of pen or marker. I decided to store it tip side down overnight to see if it would work and it did...for three short strokes. It doesn't even seem like it's dry, since I can get thicker lines. It's like the ink is clogged and can't reach the smallest part of the tip. Extremely disappointed that this happened before I actually got to use it. It's past the return date. Waste of $5.
Purchased product 11/2017 (8 months ago) and only lightly used since then. Started to notice bands of black vertical lines on any scanned or copied documents that went through the document feeder. After trying to clean the machine in accordance with their instructions, they accepted that there is a malfunction and they will be replacing the machine, but only with a refurbished unit. They informed me that you would only get a new unit if the original failed within the first 60 days. That is a lousy warranty in my opinion and I will never purchase another Epson printer/scanner on principle.
The mat was BROKEN! And there's no way I can return this because of how freaking large it is and I've already torn apart the box.
I've been using the V4Ink drums and toner for awhile now with pretty good success. My last order of drum and toner, however, was terrible. It smeared black toner over every copy. I'm not sure if it was the toner or the drum, but it was bad. I gave up and ordered a new genuine Brother drum and the printer is working great again. Maybe it was just a bad batch, but I didn't have the time or energy to deal with sending the V4INK stuff back. In the future, I think that I'm just going to pay the piper and order genuine parts.
I never got the product because the seller never shipped it. I had to drive to Sams's to purchase.
I'm unable to use any of the chalk for what I needed because it came completely destroyed, every piece broken in at least 3 places, I need full sticks for the craft machine I use. Darn right I'm sending back a $2 item. Get it together shipping dept. Ridiculous.
Box for the product was crushed … and so was the product itself. Crushed box was inside a perfectly fine, undamaged Amazon mailing box with the other products that I ordered at the same time. I am returning and hopefully will receive one that is not crushed this time.
Received and plugged into my laptop. Mouse would scroll and move across the screen but neither button worked. No troubleshooting information provided. Returned.
This box was delivered with no lid. It would have suited my purposes very well if it had been delivered as shown in the photograph. :-(
This was listed as compatible with my Brother Printer, which was why I purchased. However, it's been quite a frustrating experience with it. I followed ALL instructions and nothing works. It gives continuous error message stating: Toner Empty and needs replacement. The only thing I can think of that trigger this message is that an empty toner may have been shipped to me. Very upsetting; definitely not happy with this purchase. See photos with message I constantly receive.
My package arrived when it said it was going to, but it was like I bought it straight off the shelf. I figured it would show up discrete, in a brown box like it usually does. Instead it was in its original box, picture and description for the world to see. What was supposed to be a gift is no longer one since my partner could very CLEARLY see what was in the box.
Do not buy!! Glue was not clear like it should have been. It was tinted yellow and smelled like Bleach.
The transfers are easy to use. However they crack, peel, and fade with first wash. I will not purchase from them again. Went back to old supplier. These are horrible transfers!
Set was missing 7 markers.
Not a good product no way to install batteries the tabs are missing
The Binder came damaged. The corner was smashed and it will not close evenly.
This is a piece of junk. All I wanted was a cheap phone for upstairs, and I find out this handset is not compatible with the vTech base I already own. I not only wasted my money, but also the time I'll have to spend returning this paperweight. I should've gone with my first impulse, which was just to go down to Target and buy the cheapest landline phone there.
It stopped working after only being used twice will not power on screen when white while watching, it powered off and will not turn back on
Used shredder for personal use for mail or sensitive docs. Used maybe once a month a most. Worked and now stopped working. Now too late to return or refund by one month.
Returned...Never got my replacement. Got refund instead.
cartridge did not work
Our order states it was delivered to our home today but it was not. It is not at our home, by our front door, or in our mailbox. There is no option to contact sender to let them know we did not get out order. Please advise ASAP and let us know how it will be rectified.
Could not use it. Got return.
It was to replace a tape that we couldn't find which met our needs which was to stick a cell phone magnet to our car dash which the other tape did amazingly. This tape seemed strong at first but just seemed to stop sticking after about 1/2 hour, dropping onto the floor. I didn't even get to the point of putting my phone on it - it wouldn't even hold up the magnet. And the surface is perfect for it - very smooth plastic. I tried repeatedly but it very strangely starts off strong and then gives out. Oh and it also left a residue on the dash. Maybe if you just carpet tape, etc. then this might work but my purpose was to find something stronger and this wasn't it. I'd tell you the brand of tape that does work but there's no brand on it - we finally found it again, except for being ripped off with our $10 for this tape.
Five rolls of tape. Not worth the hassle of returning to amazon by going to ups. This is not good. Very typical of amazon warehouse deals. No longer using them
tore immediately when my student placed there fingers in the grippers
So this feels like a scam. They had a great price on a 100 pack. Bought the 100 pack. Received 25 pack. Won't send you the extras, you need to return the 25 pack to get refund- which takes up time and energy and many people just opt to keep it and seller makes out like a bandit.
This is a very cheap item. hardly works
Did not receive this item yet
Disappointed because I peeled off the month tabs very gently and more than a few cracked. They weren't cut through so the cracked/torn.
Terrible! It comes rolled so tightly that it's unusable. Buy something...anything...other than this mat!
Warning several of the shields on Amazon are the same with different packaging. I returned one and "thought" I was trying another brand! Buyer beware; also quality is terrible.
Threw them out, impossible to write on.
Warning this company puts an individual UPC sticker at the end of EACH pencil and they are impossible to remove easily! So if you were hoping for a nice party favor definitely do not buy these.
It wasn't what I expected
After first use my printer stopped detecting them. The only way for my printer to use them is to reset it through some funky factory settings manipulation. Would not buy again.
I have gotten these from this seller before but this time they came packaged different in pill type bottles and they were not powder capsules like before. They did not work at all where as when I purchased all last year I had no problems. They were two very different products made obviously by a different supplier. Very disappointing .
Product literally held a single Marker. When I added the second marker it fell off the magnetic board. Had to add double sided tape and pick a permanent spot to mount it
Cheap quality, poor locking mechanism. Stay away from these, not worth the money at all.
They fell off my kids' clothes after the second wash.
Totally useless. The tape adhered to the backing material. The tape was useless, still in the drawer.
Did not work at all with brand new Brother Printer. The printer does not recognize the cartridges.
The tip vibrates too hard and motor doesn't have enough power. And it looks like fake, because without the original packaging. First of all they didn't Answer for the solve the problem and I can't return. Don't buy it.
I bought color printer cartridge, didn't work at all. It print only black and white, color ink doesn't work. NOT HAPPY.
Does not work in my printer listed. Says invalid cartridge
The sound works in the ear piece but no one can hear me on Bluetooth when I'm on the phone with them.
Item received was defective. Didn't know until I went to refill the staples. To late to return. Very disappointed. I can't use it anymore because the refill slide and button doesn't work. So I can't refill the staples. :(
Not what I expected, so disappointed
0 star review....If the thing doesn't work can't give it any stars ...right! Punch worked for about 5 cuts of regular 20# paper and another 5 cuts of construction paper....then jammed and/or wouldn't cut a clean cut...very disappointing :(
Well the knife didnt even last through 2 cuts on rotting drywall which basically just crumbles away before the mechanism that has your blade in place broke I want to replace it but don't want to kill another nice for a piece that should only cost a damn penny
Script font difficult to read. Only 1 inch across in width. Arrived crooked but I removed and adjusted. Do not spend the money if you're wanting something nice and legible. I got what a paid for.
Did not work Need to return I need a replacement Mike
Cannot use the batteries sent in handsets that required the type ordered. They are too large.
I received fake item! It`s made in china!!
Very poorly built. it broke the first time i played music through it.
Product arrived with scratches all over the back of the head, and on all ends of extremities, as if it were dropped on concrete and kicked around. Should have read the reviews before purchasing.
Worked once then never turned on again
There was vomit on the packaging.
They are soft but uncomfortable for kid to hold..a wasted purchase
This is horrible paper. Yes, it's tissue-thin, but the surface is matte and rough, the color is dirty white, and the edges are rough, almost uncut. I'd compare this to off-white packing paper except for its see-through thinness. I could never package a gift in this paper, despite its claim to be "gift quality." It's absolutely nothing like decent-quality gift tissue, even the cheapest stuff you can find at the dollar store. Returned.
It works fine with 2.5 " drives, it will not work with a 3.5 " drives, the drive will not spin
They were Not in my shipment! Went through both boxes looking for them, and not there! Ordered stamps from amazon a few months ago and was happy with the delivery and time they showed up. This time is a no go. Sadly I'm out over 30$
When I opened the second cartridge it was not sealed in an envelope and it was dry. It was a used cartridge. Very unhappy with this.
These are not for writing, more like s fun show piece
The printer is not recognizing the cartridge.....it can for but the printer is not accepting it. It looks like it is not original.
This is the worst piece of poop ever! Highly recommended I gave it a try but its so bad. The standard sized paper literally sticks out the bottom of the paper tray aobut an inch...its sized for 8x10 photo paper! Super cheap and dinky system. Failed to pull in paper after about the third use.
It didn't work for me. Don't waste your money
Not what advertised. It's a purse insert not purse
I still can't get it to work. Even after I downloaded an app that needs root permissions for your phone. I'm calling this a scam.
These pens were FANTASTIC to start with! The colors were bold and they were so smooth. Unfortunately, this was short-lived. They started to skip very quickly, making them difficult to use. Almost half of the pens dried up despite clearly still having ink in them. I picked up another pack from the store to see if I had gotten a bad set, but the same thing is now happening to them as well. I wouldn't buy these again.
DON'T BUY REMANUFACTURED INK!
Had to return this because it simply doesn't work - terrible instructions, terrible support on website - very very frustrating.
the colors are nt accurate. if your looking for flyer or presentation these cartridges are not accurate colors!
These cartridges seem to last a fraction of the amount of time that a new lasts. I've ordered them a few times and I don't get much life out of them.
The cover was all scratched :/
Don't buy from this seller!!!!! Ordered and never received and they refused to give refund or give me a tracking number. Waited over two months before complaining. Still haven't received. They scam you.
I've printed 6 pages and I'm out of ink! 6 PAGES? I seriously thought my printer was glitching until I read the recent reviews. Sold by Canon themselves and overall good ratings, thought it was a safe purchase. Good luck getting a hold of the manufacturer. Thank goodness for Amazon customer service, they get 5 stars!
Functional but it arrived dented in three places. Not worth $100
This thing isn't worth the money...honestly. A device at this price point should work MUCH better than this one did. It would cut out recording while people were speaking, so you'd hear half a sentence here, half a sentence there. If you turned it on voice activated, it would be late in starting the recording, and even if you were speaking to it, it'd still cut out at times. Awful voice activation recording.
Did not work in my dymo label maker, despite saying it was compatible.
I was so excited to get these new sharpies. I love to color to help de stress and relax after a long crazy week. I finally got the chance to use them and about half of my markers are dried out, or nearing the end of their life expectancy. When I opened my box there was no seal over the Sharpie box clarifying they were new. My sister ordered the same and her came wrapped in plastic, but mine weren't. I even triple checked that I ordered NEW markers, but it's not what I received. I'm so upset, I just wanted some nice new sharpies!!
I just now began using this product and the blue was mislabeled and was actually black and the magenta will not work in my printer whatsoever. And now I cannot print and I am a full-time student.
These inks leak everyone and don't even come close to canon's inks. They are unusable. I can't believe that people are giving this item higher reviews. Your blacks will ALWAYS be purple with this terrible ink.
V ery thin, lots of bubbles were empty, not perforated 12”, not worth the money or the amont of time it took to receive it. Beware!
I wanted to like this but the yellow isn't bright and the highlighter dies FAST. Defeated the whole purpose of buying.
These were on our church sign for 4-5 days and they ended up terribly warped. Very disappointed. Thanks to Amazon for a refund.
these are the worst drawing pencils. All the H scratch the paper and ruined my drawings.
BOUGHT 3 AND WE WORK IN A HOTEL. BLACK INK IN ALL LEAKING.
Do not buy from this company! This was for a Childs Christmas present, when opened it had a whole corner missing and foam and board poking out! Contacting the company twice, they asked for pictures! Never replied either time after pictures were sent! I filed a claim with Amazon, buyer-guarantee didnt send an address label as usual to return, but gave me an address in England to return the desk. And included I must insure the package and have it trackable, which would most likely cost what the desk cost! Never come across this “service” before! Must be making some good money across the pond! Chose 1 Star because I had to.
Never received. No one tried to help me. You punted... I went elsewhere. They got them to me quickly.
If I could give these less than one star, I would. Could not use. Don't waste your money - get Highland or Post-It ( or check the reviews before buying!) These would not lay flat and NONE of them would stay on the paper or anything else you want to stick them to. Waste of money. I bought them for the nice colors and the great price, but if they don't stick? Not worth any money. Don't buy.
This tape is not Scotch tape for sure. It doesn't peel evenly and you end up with a roll which is not useable. I will not buy again.
Not what i expected not the best
Don't waste your time with this thing. The red dials on the clock won't stay in position. They just fall down to the six o'clock position.
Only one of the two cartridges I got in the order actually worked on my Brother printer. I had to send the other one back.
Doesn't even deserve a star. I can't get past the download setup because it requires a usb cable that doesn't come with the printer. Very angry and annoyed right now
I ordered this cartridge set when my printer was reporting low toner levels. I just installed the 3 color toner cartridges from Clever Supplies, and the Yellow cartridge is no good. The printer is reporting no toner in it. I am 4 days past the 30-day return window. Now what Clever Supplies?
As you can see by the picture in this review, the notebooks in question are NOT the regular size ones. Don't make the same mistake I made read the product description throughly before ordering.
Poor quality!!! All of the “Heavy Duty Clear Vertical ID Card Badge Holder” came broken right out of the box.
I bought it brand new It came used and defected. Completely useless as is.
I ordered the teal blue and revived a navy blue.
I received a bag of busted pens. I will be sending them back.
I never got my package even though it said delivered. Seller please contact me
One page printed fine, then every page for the next 10 I have tried smeared and over-dispensed ink. The result is an unreadable mess. I printed the same files on my wife's office printer. The files printed fine.
Product is leaking. All colors. Would like to return, but return window is closed. Please advise
4 out of the 8 pens did not work. Was not able to return.
I use polymailers for my boutique and I purchased these because they were "Amazon's Choice", but they are extremely poor quality and super thin. I had to double up the bags just for a t-shirt to ship!
Inside of card is blank. I would not have bought if I had realized that.
Doesn't work with my printer
I LOVE the idea of this product. It looks so clever and cute in your book. There's just one problem: it will not stay in place and it will fall out immediately if you move your book. Whoever designed this obviously never even bothered to test the design. If it just had about 2-3” inches on the bottom to insert I to the book the problem would be solved. Save your money - this will be sitting in your nightstand drawer after 2 days, never to be used again.
I've tried printing with this a couple different times. And each time I'm getting reds that aren't reds, they are green, and peoples faces look red or pink. 😞 was trying to create a photo album for my grandfather since my grandmother passed away. He's not doing well, so I was hoping this might brighten his day a little better, but that's not going to happen anytime soon I guess. I had high hopes for this after reading the reviews.
The product is nice but I paid for one-day shipping and didn't get it for an entire week. Very disappointed.
I thought I was ordering the original Ove Glove but what i received were fake knockoffs!
The instructions were printed so small I could barely read them with a magnifying glass. The screen has a black background with blue directions that I could not read. Nice size though that I liked. but it's useless if I can't operate it. Why can't someone make simple recorder that just records, plays and deletes. No frills.
I should have read the ad much better. This product is VERY small. When I reread it, it did say mini-projector, so not heir fault but my mistake
I have ordered this item two times now. The black ink cartridge did not work in both orders.
Writes great I love the feel of the pen but the first time I tried to remove the nib for cleaning the entire insert came out. As long as you purchase the pen with the knowledge that it's disposable then I guess it's okay.
I ordered these toners, I put in the black and it has big black line going across the page. I'm a little nervous to try the other colors toners. I'm going to be returning them as soon as I get me new items.
There should be two of all them.
I have ordered 2 weeks ago, and It eventually was unable to deliver my order. Totally wasted my time and money.
I have owned many printers with Auto Document Feeders and this is ABSOLUTELY the worst. Epson support has not been of any use, nor Amazon support. The printer is also VERY slow, so the best I can say for it is I will not have to buy ink for ever. Get an HP or Brother instead
This cartridge FITS but DOES NOT WORK ON OfficeJet 3830
Complete scam, don't be fooled! I checked to make sure they work with my printer but when the ink arrived it literally bled ink all over and did not register with the printer. Such a pain to clean up too.
Wrong product in the package!!!!
They work okay. I used these at work to mark out some concrete repairs. After using it to write a little the felt tip would become dirty and worn. I had to use water to clean it off and after another 10-15 marks it would be unusable unless the concrete was wet already. Honestly just get some chalk and wash your hands when you are done, these things are to inconsistent to be seen as a viable replacement for chalk.
NEVER worked as advertised ! The ONLY thing it did do, it would block a call if you could get to it in time by pushing the big RED button ! Tried the different hook ups, but nothing worked as it was suppose to. One reason I purchased this, was it was suppose to block a call using a cordless phone system, by pressing #2 during a call. I have pressed these buttons so many times but nothing ever happens !! It was also suppose to be able to add your own numbers to block. However, every time I tried, I would always get a recorded message from my phone company telling me I was doing some thing wrong and would then hang up on me. It has now become a large paper weight in my office - - - -
This company discontinued all software downloads for previous legacy customers to switch everyone to their annual cloud service. Despite my scanner working perfectly fine and having paid to use the product they quietly did so to increase their bottom line with no regard to previously loyal customers. I don't write reviews often but am soo dissapointed at this corporation that I feel new customers should be wary of supporting a company like this. I even wrote to their customer support and they said there was nothing they could do. PLEASE PLEASE do not BUY! I hope someone from the company is reading all the bad press they are receiving! DO NOT ACCEPT THIS!
I ordered the adhesive hooks and received two boxes of chalk. When I tried to return, it said it was ineligible for return. What a ripoff.
I was unable to find a way for my HP printer to accept these cartridges. After 3 evenings and about 5 hours of research, I counted my time and money as a loss. I will be attempting to return this item.
I ordered the assorted pack that should have included pink, red, orange, green, teal, blue, purple, and black. That is what the description even mentioned, which matches the packaging on the display. I was sent a pack of two pink, two green (in aqua plastic pen casings), two purple (in blue plastic pen casings), and two black.
Do not buy this product. The seller hides behind the 30 day return window, but of course you don't know that this cartridge won't come close to running out by then. This didn't even do 1/5 the promised number of copies promised, but they don't care. They will not allow a return.
Love it but that actual button or snap is very loose my badges fell all over the floor. Disappointing
Writing rubs off while applying sticker...
It was not what i was expecting
Set this up on windows 10, on first scan, said "cannot communicate with scanner, USB is unplugged". well there is only 1 cable and it is very easy to plug in so that's not the problem. Tried different USB ports both 2.0 and 3.0, same outcome. Did a search on the Canon community forum. Their scanners have apparently been having this problem with windows 10 for at least 3 years. Can't figure out why Canon doesn't fix this problem or at least publish a solution. Too bad, I've used Canon scanners for years but now I'm going to have to try something else.
This is very cheaply made and is WAY overpriced.
Did not like. The paper was so thin it was like tissue paper.
I do like these pens, and normal don't have an issue with them. But this particular pack I bought the majority of the pens don't write well. They do not write smoothly, the pens skip, its like the pens are dried out.
Terrible not even costume worthy.
This place is way too expensive. Found it at B&H
Got red and blue ink all over my hands when installing them. What a mess!
I was unable to remove colored pencil marks with this eraser.
DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!! I never received the product and was still charged.
They didn't work!!!!! If you issue refunds, I would appreciate one. Since the packages were open I couldn't return them.
I cut myself pretty badly with one of these. I threw the box of them out and ended up buying an actual heavy duty box cutter with a locking blade. do yourself a favor and spend the extra money to buy the real thing.
The regular size pencil sharpener stopped working after being used less than 5 times! And of course it stopped working after the 30 day return window so I'm stuck with this piece of junk.
I purchased this "Genuine" cartridge assuming it provide good quality printing ... not so. The printing is inconsistent, streaky and faded. Its like it was used previously. Further, I had difficulty getting the printer to recognize it as a new cartridge. I finally ordered a cheap aftermarket replacement which prints perfectly was automatically recognized by the printer.
When I used it it slid around a lot it would be nice if it had some kind of like felt or something on the bottom or skid proof material that made it so it didn't slide around much. I wish the tilt was higher, but for the money you pay you get what you get.
I got this in the summer so we'd be ready when school started, tried to use first week of school, didn't work at all! Very disappointed, too late to return.
Unfortunately, these would not work with my HP printer. It would not read them and would not calibrate the print.
These damaged my expensive chalk board. The ink does not remove and I've tried multiple cleaners. Very disappointed in the false advertisement.
Junk. Over heats almost immediately 20 sheets single feed. quit working because safe sense sensor thinks its being touched.. Buy the protection for this piece of junk if you buy it
I have had placed multiple orders of these lit holders for events that our clients attend and almost always one or two of my lit holders arrive broken due to poor packaging. I then have to go through the process of sending the broken product back, waiting for my refund and ordering new product. its just an unnecessary hassle that could be avoided with a little extra padding for packaging. Be careful!
The gold tooth doesn't have enough pull to stay on the fridge or even a white board. Very cheap material.
I should have listened to the other reviews. This product arrived and all of the pages have creases in them . Do not buy.
These pens leak ink. They used to be my favorite pen but I will never buy them again.
It is impossible for me to use this product without my fingers getting caught. This stamp has SHARP, plastic edges and I got blood all over the envelopes I was stamping. I tried using gloves but they got caught in the mechanism as well. Terrible design. I have never had this problem with a rubber stamp. I need a usable stamp this week so I ordered one express mail from another company and am out another $20 for that.
will not work 1 cartridge worked for 2 days then quit
I have only used this product 2 times. The 2nd time I used it the sound didn't work. I couldn't return the product through Amazon because the return period ended less than 24 hours ago. Amazon tried contacting the seller and manufacturer but both phone numbers were invalid. I tried emailing the email that was on the packaging, however, received an email back that their email box was full. I strongly advise you NOT to buy this product. WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE.
Hard 2 use with my cell phone, gave it away
This item had the worst smell I haven't used because it smells so bad
Stickers don't even stick. Purchased another sticker book before this one and a whole month was missing. Don't purchase these.
The picture quality is poor, and not ok for day time use.
I received it, I was waiting for it & it was cracked! Angry and disappointed!
Item did not function correctly, made a loud clicking sound in the printer and started jamming continuously had to throw out all of this and go back to Lexmark
Put this in the printer and it showed to be empty. Tried to print and it screwed up the alignment. Returned it and purchased same product at Walmart and worked perfectly. This is the second time I've bought ink from Amazon and both times it was junk.
Update: It never connects. I waste about 10 minutes trying to get it to start every time I want to print something. I've had it a month and I'm considering buying a replacement printer. It's so bad. It's a good printer - very fast, automatic double side, when the connection works. Unfortunately it takes a lot of trial and error every time I want to print something as it can never be found by my laptop, even when it says 'ready' and the wifi shows connectivity. I'll probably need to buy a cable to avoid the frustration, which is a shame.
No matter what I did I could not get these markers to work. I accidentally missed the return order window as life got in the was but I just received dried up markers. My husband couldn't even get them to work.
Don't buy leaves too much glue on vinyl . the more you try to clean it the worse it gets. Lost my profit by using this transfer paper
I have not used the tape yet, I can't rate it
Don't waste your money.
Not worth the price.
Received an open package with only one keychain in it. Description says two should have come.
It fades fast. It bleeds quickly. It does wash off with soap and water if you use scrubby side of kitchen sponge thank goodness.
I bought these for a pop up sticky note holder. They are NOT popup.
Cracks down both sides so that it cannot be filled with ink, and Amazon is not allowing me to contact the company to request a refund/replacement. Very disappointed.
I am vision impaired and thought this tape would highlight places I need to see. I left it in the sun for a day, applied it, and hoped for the best. Result? Nothing. I can tell the tape is there only by feeling.
Replace drum, but it is brand new and just arrived
Zero stars. I was not able to use - these may be defective or counterfeit. My printer keeps saying the ink is low and won't print.
I never received the phone...
I knew I was making a mistake!!
Shredding too coarse, and is quarter inch wide straight cut. Bags sold to line bin are oversized and tend to obstruct getting bin inserted properly. bin level site window actually catches and tears bag if bag not removed cautiously. Some shredded paper always ends up behind the bin with or without using the plastic bags.
Cracks and breaks apart so easily. Total waste of money.
Adhesive does not work on skin AT ALL
Never received product.
Says it was delivered - it was NOT. DO NOT PURCHASE IF YOU EXPECT TO ACTUALLY RECEIVE. Otherwise you're just throwing money at them.
2 of my markers were dry. The f Green and purple markers were completely dry. Unsatisfactory
Horrible quit working 2 days after I got it! Will probably never purchase from them again!
This is my third order of this paper. I love the paper. It makes a really nice presentation. The first one I received was well packed and arrived in great condition. The second one arrived in an over sized box with no packing. It was busted open on both ends and on the side. Lots of sheets were kinked and folded. I returned it. Today the replacement arrived packaged the same and busted open. Fortunately, only several sheets were useless this time so I will keep it. But Amazon needs to get the packing right on this one. This is pictures of the second one that I will keep. The first one was in worse shape.
If u r looking for high heat tape, keep looking don't stop here. This tape shrunk away from tge edges and pretty melted. Keep looking dont by this product.
I was using this led pencil to do some simple math homework, but it suddenly broke for no reason. So, I used my other one out of the three I bought. After a day, the second one broke. I do NOT recommend this led pencil. I bought this led pencil because it seemed to be really great based on reviews and it being claimed to be one of the best led pencils on websites, but this is definitely not what I expected. I wish I never bought this led pencil. It is horrible quality, frustrating, and too expensive considering how horrible this led pencil is.
What did it to use for an aide for my macular degeneration condition. Absolutely worthless!!!
The quality on these is pretty good the item isnt the issue! It took 1 month and a week to deliver this item. I ordered this for Xmas and this item didnt even come close on the expected delivery date!
It lights up as if it's charging when I connect the USB, but when I try it on my juul it does not work :/
Does not fully cover phone. Feels very flimsy. Will be buying another case soon.
Some of the pens quit writing and it seems the ink can't stream out of the cartridge. Very disappointing!!
Great product but frustrated that the set died right after the 90 day warranty ran out. VERY FRUSTRATING!
Not impressed. Purchased the same brand (Avery) page protectors and the tabs are in line with the page protectors so they don't stick out on the edge for easy section turning. So disappointing. They don't even serve their purpose.
I order 2 of the product and I recieved two different types
Ordered 10 days ago and still waiting for delivery.
The first time I went to put staples in it...IT BROKE! Won't be buying this brand again.
Brother make cheap ink sucking printers. Put three new cartridges in and after running through the cleaning process the cartridges were half empty. Tossed the one year old printer, returned the cartridges and bought a cannon laser printer
I am so annoyed with myself for not heeding the one-star ratings and buying these pencils, they are worse than described. the wood is cracked ans uneven and the leads are exposed. worse still, i bought two packs, and missed the return window! buyer beware! negative five stars!
Received yesterday. Opened the black ink today to install. I have done this dozens of times. Black ink all over my left hand. It does work but very poor quality control. Do not buy!
I have now bought two of these. I thought it was a glitch when the first one started getting staples stuck so I bought another about a year ago. Now that one is doing the same thing. It is a pretty stapler but for me the constant jamming of the staples in the end has been frustrating pulling the staples out of the end with a pliers.
i really wanted this to work, i just sent the first one back, the remote control did not work on the first one and not on the second box. the tiny manual is impossible to read, there are no good pictures of the rf cable hook ups, there seems to be a cable missing. ill keep looking for a better box.
I really wanted to like this product, but it's so flimsy the binder plastic broke within four days of use. It also doesn't qualify for return. I would four star it if the spine was made of a more durable material, and if they accepted returns or exchanges because the concept is a good one.
It wasn't clearly stated that these were refills and not recommended for my printer. Ruined my printer and had to replace it.
product was delivered very quickly, however the board itself was really bulky on both sides not flat or even at all which makes it difficult to write on. I wouldn't buy this product ever again.
It appeared to be a nice little globe where my granddaughter could learn a lot about world geography. Unfortunately the on/off switch for the light was broke upon receiving and the light would not turn off. I contacted the seller and did not receive any response. I would stay away from this product and anything else this seller has for sale.
Unbelievable light weight do not buy will not last longer on your wall, unless if you chose to hang your underwear
Unlike the "good ole days," no index cards included.
The package came fast and I wasn't so excited but The cartridges are not compatible after all and I ended up having to get the HP brand any way
They were too small for the caps they said they would fit
It says on the description that it's NEW but I got a used one. With name/initials on the back. Seems to be working. Has all the add on (disk, battery and cord, screen protector).
Wore it for about 2 1/2 hours and it broke in that time
These never worked when I got them, and I'm weary of ordering anymore of them.
Used this a total of 2 times in 3 months and the locking mechanism broke!
Too small for my cricut didn't work as I hoped
Pens look great but they do not work. When I open the package the pens fell apart. The design is flawed in the straight neck coupler which does not hold the pens together. If it was riveted and screw on type I would of kept the pens if all I had to do is screw them back together. These pens were a little more spendy then the rest so I was expecting a good product not a cheap knock off.
Never received my package!
This product came and was defective and broken. It didnt work at all
So disappointed! I received an appointment book, which I will never use. This is a hassle to return, and now wait for a new one to arrive. I want to order another one, but I'm concerned I won't get the correct one again : (
I never received the package!
The product arrived in a large box with the rest of my order, but when I received the while punches, one of the binder clips was shattered and the other took 3 tries to punch one piece of paper. Would not buy again
Worked for a couple weeks until the bearing spread and the balls from the ball bearing started falling out. Will be seeking replacements.
It looked nice, but turned my neck green every day. I had hoped it would stop after a day or two, but it still did it a couple of weeks later.
Batteries are not working the way it is suppose .. am I able too get another .
Pens were just thrown in a box, not in a container at all. Also there were 4 busted when I got them and a few most busted after being used 1 time.
While I initially loved this printer, the upkeep costs of ink is just too much to justify purchasing it. It has the features I was looking for: AirPrint, two trays, scanner that can scan and e-mail, etc. I often use the scan to e-mail which worked perfect with my gmail account. However, with the two trays I can put envelopes in one and normal copy paper in the other and it will work fine. However, when I use cardstock and normal copy paper, the printer cannot distinguish between the two and the software won't let you pick which tray to print from. The replacement ink cartridges are now still over $100 for the multi-set which is ridiculous, with no other remanufactured options (currently). I would not purchase an epson in the future due to the ink cartridge pricing scheme.
The pens seem to be fine. I just got them and they feel good, the line is nice, no idea of durability. But the problem with these pens is the monumentally stupid packaging. They came in a gigantic box-- 5 1/4 by 6 1/4 by 18 inches. For thirty pens? I verified this: they do not even HALF FILL a box 6 by 4 by 4. But the needless plastic container holds the pens IN A ROW--thirty pens long-- which makes it necessary to use a huge box-- mostly filled with plastic packaging. They don't show you (above) the pens in their package. And for good reason-- it's just the dumbest thing ever. It's as though they were *trying* to maximize plastic waste and *trying* to be as inefficient as possible in shipping terms. Whether the pens are any good or not, we will NOT be buying them again.
A calendar has to be precise--for obvious reasons!! This one has misprints on the dates mid-way through! I used this same model calendar in 2017 and loved it. But I need to know if June 1st is a Friday or a Sunday--it can only be one, OK? Oh, and last time I checked, June comes BEFORE July, not after! Do Not Buy! PS I have contacted the company for a replacement, and will update. I imagine that this is a major problem in a production run-- not a one-of. PPS I could not attach a photo, but you get the idea. It's a calendar, and it's wrong!
I never received I think I got a refund I don't even remember
This is the brand I use but these didn't fit into my machine. Had to throw them away.
Hey everyone, fellow pen enthusiast here giving a straight warning to not buy this product. First, the pen will only work for around 1-2 weeks, this is caused by the awful production of these pens. If you were to look on the back of the pen you'd see "made in Mexico", the one that you want to buy should say "made in Japan" there's an easy way to actually get this one. Office Depot has these pens from Japan that you want to buy. The cheaply made ones here are just trying to steal your money for them only to work for 1-2 weeks. The good reviews written are from people who just got the pens, which at first glance are pretty awesome, but again, after 1-2 weeks they will seize to work at 100% which, with what you got for the expensive amount paid, is not worth it at all. Again, just go to office depot or even Target for the real deal of these pens.
Returned the product as they were not compatible with my printer at all
We are being charged twice for these even though the first package was never delivered and left outside for anyone to take. I spoke with someone about this and they said it was reversed. However, I just got an email stating that we are being charged twice for something we never received. This is Ridiculous. Please change this status, and we will remove our horrible review.
Paper I received was far too thin. Does not represent cardstock quality.
It came with no usb trigger or jacks
This label maker worked for a short time. I've tried all the troubleshooting advice online and I still can't get labels to print.
came open and did not have the markers that says it has.
Rolled hard to unravel
I did not get the stainless steel 701 pen with the 6 cartridges!
MY MOTHER SAYS SHE DIDN'T GET THESE. SHE HAS DEMENTIA, SO I GUESS SHE LOST OR MISPLACED THEM AS SOON AS THEY ARRIVED.
I never received the package. Contacted seller and they said they can't do anything so contact amazon.
Expensive and overpriced. There is no need to charge this much for some ink. It's time to stop paying for these items and let HP sort out the price.
Product received is not the same as pictured or described. Not even close.
Words can't describe how bad this product is. First it isn't a real chalk board. Its plastic os some sort of thin painted wood, but it isn't a real chalk board. I opened the product and it seemed ok. The board was a little thin but it seemed strong enough to work. I pulled out chalk and drew a picture. It looked really good. Then I tried to erase it. It didn't come off at all with a regular chalk eraser. Wiped it with a paper towel. Nothing. Then used water and scrubbed. Nope, still there. No matter how hard I scrubbed the picture never really came off. I took the board off my wall and put it back in the box. Went to my computer and sent in a return order on Amazon. Took the board to my car to drop off at UPS. This board was in my house a total of 30 min. By far the worst product I've purchased from Amazon.
Product is overpriced for its appearance.I dont know about quality yet, since I havent utilize it .Was planning to return it ,but Im going out of town and need a portfolio.
These are not stainless steel! They are aluminum! It doesn't say one way or the other on the packaging, so these Bozo's I guess assumed (rather conveniently) they are stainless. I guess I should have realized. Let us see what Amazon is going to do. EBay has a program for unsatisfied or scammed customers.
Mine was broken where the warranty seal is. I tried to put it in the printer anyways very gently and it was so fragile that it broke apart. Good packaging so I doubt that it was damaged during shipping.
I would love to know who received my package because it wasn't me or my family.
Screen came damaged, one side longer than the other plus guard was bent
I ordered TWO erasers...I got an eraser and whatever the above thing is....when u go to RETURN the item it says "company doesnt allow returns" i guess i have to call customer service? Also, I was supposed to get them SATURDAY..its MONDAY...IRRITATED.. DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS COMPANY BC U ARE NOT ALLOWED TO RETURN ANYTHING.
This stuff is no good I wasted 3 shirts trying to get it to work
Isn't perforated at all. Will not be purchasing from vendor again.
Received empty package item not received.
Junk. Has to be a knock off as they last a quarter of the time sharpies from target last. I have never thrown away sharpies with the tip still sharp. Horrible quality
I thought this would work for a photo scrapbook. It doesn't hold photos at all. Waste of money.
The money clip broke within 2 months. Not good.
This said in the description and in the question and answers that it would work with my printer and my printer will not pick it up so it was a total waste of money
I ordered the large size of this item and it was delivered to my front door completely smashed up. Fortunately Amazon customer service was excellent, sending out a replacement without requiring me to return the broken item at all. The second item was marked as damaged by the shipper and is being returned to Amazon. Apparently the packaging is fundamentally flawed.
I never received my item and I was charged for it.
From the discription and picture I thought I was getting six cubes but only got one. Was way over priced for only one. Was disappointed
These phone are not good you can hardly hear anything a waste of money
The top is loose when I open the compass for big circles and make it hard to draw big circles.
Too wide and long for my desk. Not comfortable. Constantly moving.
Worked few times then stopped printing. Does not print even if you have full ink. Have to go through cleaning the nozzle etc. and it still does not print or prints very faint. Waste of time and money.
This lasted about three weeks. The wire has a connector that allows you to switch out a jack. Unfortunately, that connection point doesn't provide a solid connection, meaning calls cut in and out. Sadly, because I finally figured this out a little past 30 days, Amazon won't offer a refund. Spare yourself my problem and buy another brand...this is junk. A simply product like this should just work. This one doesn't.
Tickets fall out like crazy. Even on a single row. We tried taping up the gaps and they still fall out. A total waste of money
Machine keeps jamming. Ended up returning item.
The product I ordered was 1” high black numbers. The product I received was 3/4” high white letters. Can you ship the correct item?
I liked the chair, until I was holding my sleeping 3 month old son when the chair broke and we fell backwards into the floor together. Chair was two months old at the time.
hard to take my printer to the repair shop after using this replacement brand
I never received this scale!!! I cancelled the scale because the delivery was postponed at least twice.
Worst product ever low printing and u can many that many copies at...I want a refund ....Seems as if the cartridges had dried out... the quality is awful
Right after the return window expired, it stopped working all of a sudden. We put new batteries in and it still will not turn on. My son is so disappointed!
I ordered a projector for small team presentation tomorrow and I received a toy car!!! As you can clearly see the box descriptions says Lumens lcd with free hdmi cable and the rest of the label is faded!! So disappointed! Especially when i have to present a project within the next 12hrs without a projector!!!!
These are good bags overall -- decent size, good weight to the material, but I found that the vacuum part doesn't work. I tried twice, sucked the air out, but I found that the bags just fill right back up again and are back to pre-vacuum size. I was hoping to store some extra bedding under my bed, but since the suction just leaks out, they won't fit. So I have to put them in my linen closet instead. They work to keep dust, etc out and keep the bedding clean, but I would not buy these again. I've been buying Ziploc bags for food storage for years, and never had a problem with them. Too bad they can't translate that to these larger ones.
I received this today in a box that was three feet long by eight inches across and 3 inches deep. When I opened the box it was this calendar, of all wet cocks.
Couldn't get it to operate. Too bad, the concept is great.
This is very pretty. But the top part kept falling off because it twice on in a very flimsy way. Within two weeks I lost the top cover and can no longer wear the lanyard.
Doesn't work on Any Facial Hair at All
I just installed the yellow and the black cartridges. As you can see, they are clearly not full. This is very disappointing.
So I was a little perplexed with this one. My printer worked fine. When I replace the ink cartridges literally there was error message after error message.
I wish I had read the 1 star reviews when I purchased this item. Doesn't work! Broken. It shot out some hot glue once and that was it.
Opened up black ink cartridge. Was leaking in package of unit. Seems to work at moment. Will not buy this brand again.
This was a waste of money. At first I was excited because I thought I found a good ink replacement for an afforadable price. However, this was only able to print 3 pages before the ink ran out. This will also make your printer tell you there's an error and that your ink needs to be replaced which for some printers means you won't be able to even try printing at all. Luckily, I found out that HP sells an HP 63 ink cartridge that's only $15 on Amazon. It's the same quality as their HP 63 XL but it just prints a couple hundred pages less then the XL cartridge does. I'm definitely never purchasing this again and will be only buying HP ink cartridges from now on.
I bought these for a facilitated exercise where we were sticking these on flip chart paper pages that were on a wall. Within minutes, they were all falling off. It was awful. We tried pressing harder to no avail. We finally had to get masking tape to keep them up. It ruined the point of having sticky notes and our ability to collaborate well. I will never buy an off-brand again.
Ruler was heavily scratched. Looked to be a production reject or it was a returned item that was resold. For the price I expected a flawless product. I would not recommend.
they did not work, a waste of money I thru them away. Do not buy from this vendor!!
The book came damaged and I am unable to send it back because the company will not send me a return label in the mail and I don't have a printer so I will not be able to get a refund for it I definitely would not recommend this company.
CRAP, stopped working after 5 min.
Came without the necessary cable to connect to my laptop. Finally got the right cable and picture is not very clear regardless of the distance. Disappointed.
Printed on laser printer twice and came out horribly twice. First attempt: Ink didn't adhere to the sticker and when you rub on it it would just come right off so forget water resistance. Second attempt was even worse, not only did ink not adhere, the sticker warped. Don't waste your time, your ink or your money, for a dollar a sheet, this product beyond sucks! Now i have to make sure my printer is ok.
Not a hard cover. It's cardboard. It was missing most of 2019, so the month I got it was not available for me to write down anything. For the price i paid for this one I bought a much better one from Staples.
The pictures tell the story. I opened this yesterday and used it for an hour. That night she was putting her paper on it and the leg came off the board.
We thought it was broken because we couldn't figure out how to install the lens. Returned the viewer and thought they were going to look at it and send us a new one. That was several weeks ago and haven't heard a word since.
I order black and received an Orange role.
I brought this for my Epson printer and honestly it was a waste of money and time. Their printers suck, the cartridges empty too quickly with not even a page being actually printed. I am over them and annoyed I spent money and days trying to make something work that was a poor product to begin with when I could have simply brought a new device.
This only works on the very very skinny rolls and doesn't even work well.
I was very excited to get these but when I opened the package they arrived like this. Looking at the reviews I see others have had similar experiences. Can't return.
These are simply horrible. They hardly stick to anything and on the rare event that they do stick they curl up and can't be read. Just threw the whole lot away. The supplier name is "Never Worry". If you order this, WORRY.
Was sent the incorrect (size and brand) binder. Vinyl was bubbling on the outside. Poor shape. Missed return date so now i am stuck with it.
Call me crazy, but I think most purchases should be boxed properly before shipping. This giant wheel of bubblewrap arrived to my doorstep in all its naked glory with just a thin clear plastic bag over it. I think the lack of adequate protection led to the popping of many of the protective air bubbles, rendering this semi useless. I mean why bother purchasing in bulk and think that we are saving money when item arrives in the condition that it did?? It's a good thing that we were home to retrieve this from our porch otherwise this big unboxed wheel would have likely caught a ride with the next wind gust and its journey down my road. I usually commend Amazon for shipping so well, safely and quickly but this missed the mark and others need to know that their order may arrive just as ours did and be only half useful with the amount of bubbles popped.
The blank ink was fine, the color in does not print blue. The first time it printed a little bit, the second one printed teal and not blue. I emailed company and no response.
The box was opened, and missing markers, some of the markers that made it were cracked and dried up.
As an artist I have used this SAKURA brand of pen many times with great satisfaction. I needed a fine line pen to write 36 names on some cards. My first order was disappointing as the two pens that I tried to use were dried out. I returned them and reordered another set. Sadly, the second set was no better than the first and I could not meet the deadline for my project. I am now searching for a way to get a refund on these.
First, how cheap is Brothers? They do not include a needed USB Cable with this printer. That is eye-opening. But even more important - When I put this printer on, the lights in my bedroom and bathroom go in and out. It stops when the printer is finished. I went online and there was ample information that said lazer printers have been reported to do this. Mine does. The unit prints ok but I am worried. I have a guy coming over my house to get a look at this printer. I might have to return it. No device I have ever used did this to my lights. No other electrical devices were on while this printer did this. I have owned my house for over 10 years and its in good shape. I am concerned.
The projected arrival date kept getting pushed back until it was past the point to get refunded and it finally stopped giving a potential date it would arrive... Do not order from this seller even though it is a good price.
Tried printing even just the print check of the colors and its using all the yellow and all the other colors are not being used. I have messed around w the settings to my printer etc and it wont work. Very dissapointed in the quality of these.
I got this because it was so cute!! I got lots of compliments on it...but it fell apart within a week or so.. very disappointing!! I wouldn't order again.
I bought these thinking it would be a nice cheap alternative to the brand name ink. I figured I wouldn't get the same page amount printed as I would with the brand name ink,- but I sure expected it to be better than 200 pages. I literally printed just under 200 black and white pages,- nothing spectacular... just your standard letters/documents with no graphics on them... and OUT OF INK. The description boasts that the black cartridge will print about 600 pages, and the color will print out 400. I bought 2 sets,- and I'm not even going to try the second set. I'll be returning the second set, and seeing what I can do about the first set.
Seller required a signature to deliver a cardboard box! I was unable to be home at noon. I had to request a refund.
Great format but this is NOT a Hardcover and therefore not useful for my application.
Terrible product. Print quality started to really suck about 2 months after purchase. Unit is used only lightly in a small office setting. Don't buy.
I keep my wallet in my front pocket, I do not wear tight fitting clothes and ever single time the wallet clasping mechanism slides sideways causing a gap around the top of the case. This would not be an issue with most wallets but this wallet was designed to stop RF scanning of your credit cards, if there is any gap in the seal of this wallet the actual purpose of the wallet is lost. DO NOT buy this wallet it does not function in a way that it is marketed as functioning.
The black cartridge did not work and I am returning it for a refund.
This product quit working (can't change code or move the Lever from programming position, after 3 code changes. Complete POS
Poor quality, Surprisingly disappointed
You cannot move one monitor without the whole stand moving with it. Garbage design.
No blues , my daughters favorite color is blue.
About half of the ribbons came already dried. I was only able to use them for one day.
Not only was the seller extremely rude after sending the wrong product TWICE, he told me I had to go buy my own power supply cord for the product when I was finally received the scanner. The scanner is extremely complicated to connect to my laptop and it disconnects at least twice a week. I have to completely uninstall the driver and reinstall everything just to get it to work. It is AWFUL!
Only went to June. Returned. If this is what you're looking for, btw, the product is VERY beautiful and luxurious.
Arrived dusty and dirty
Not Newsprint paper as it claims or as pictured. it's a few different types of paper (with a few sheets of newsprint paper mixed in). One of the paper types is shiny, smooth, and slippery. Not great for carrying to a box after wrapping an item to pack. Sheets are also staggered instead of stacked normally which is quite annoying.
Shipping not reliable-states that package has been handed to recipient and it's not here yet. Why lie
These are OEM cartridges and the black ones generate an error message black ink 127 not recognized. So all my black ones didn't work. Have not yet used colored ones.
Out of every single purchase I have ever made on Amazon, I have never had a single bad experience except with this product. It doesn't even come close to working as it should. I started by testing it out with 50 clean pennies I COUNTED ahead of time. The coins were not properly sorted, the pennies went into the nickel slot AND penny slot, the machine jammed (from only 50 pennies...come on). The wrapper also filled up before the pennies were even full so that you can't even trust the count. Already I was working with a piece of garbage product, but I decided to throw in a bunch of coins and see what it did with them. It immediately jammed (again these are clean, newish coins) and wouldn't fix itself as advertised. So I then had to figure out how to remove the jam. But there is NO WAY TO TAKE APART ANY OF THE PIECES. You can't separate the overflow tray, you can't lift the lid entirely off, you cant take out the whole sorter to remove the jam. I had coins going down into the power supply area, coins jammed in places you couldn't reach, I ended up having to take the whole thing upside down and shaking it until most of the coins fell out, then I had to detach the back panel which, again, DOESN"T detach all the way and fish around for all the coins that fell back there. If I could give this product less than 1 star I would. Please do not buy this product and post negative reviews if you have had similar experience. I have never had such a shoddy product in my life, let alone one that costs nearly $50...
Printed out black and white fine but did not print colors well at all. Everything that was printed in color came out of the printer looking muted and faded.
I know these are not priceless family heirlooms, but they each broke on The. First. Day. Of. Use.
VERY dry highlighters... to the point that you can't see it without going over it at least five times and by that point it has worn off the black ink on the page and you can barely read the text. Don't buy these unless you have very thick paper and even thicker text.
The cover is a durable quality and it's a beautiful design. But the book itself is filthy. The pages are stained with what I can only assume is chicken poop or some other fowl. I got this for my boyfriend to write his book and he can't even use it. Will not buy again or recommend
Inexpensive brush...you get what you pay for.
Pretty, but I was very disappointed in the quality. It lasted exactly one month before all of the gel filling started oozing out. :-( I know it was inexpensive, but I expected a bit more longevity than that.
Ordered item for my daughter who is a nurse. Never received item or a refund. Notified seller numerous times and got no response. It's been 2 months. Very disappointed!
First of all, I receieved 3 packs instead of 6 packs and out of the 3 boxes, 2 of them have holes.
I have had nothing but problems with this printer, anything that could go wrong, does goes wrong... To numerous to mention. The one thing that gets me is the ink replacement, the ink levels have a mind of their own, one second they are half way then the next second 2 or 3 of them are bone dry, I think it is a scam... I won't buy another Epson printer ever, I plan on "Damn Blasting" them all over the internet as well... "THEY ARE DIRTY ROTTEN FILTHY CROOKS"
I ordered these cards, and they are printed on glossy cardstock, which looks cheap. Some of the prints are pixelated. Some of the envelopes were dirty! Had little bits of brown stuff stuck on some. When I tried to push the card into the envelope, the glue of the envelope goes up into itself, and the card doesn't fit all the way down into it! It's ridiculous. Don't waste your money on these!
They were not long enough to hold the cruise ship labels, so they were a waste of money!
This paper is thick and ridgid. It prints well enough but even with a cricut you're left with less than perfect edges. Because the paper is so thick the end result is an obvious homemade sticker that doesn't look professional. The sticker is also prone to creasing. We switched to printable vinyl and the results were much better.
So I had bought this projector for my girlfriend and her cookies. It worked great the first time we used it. Yet within one week the bulb started flickering whenever we used the input from her phone. How sad. I will be asking for a return soon.
I ordered it and it did not come. I waited almost a month and nothing. Amazon did return my money though.
Cane burnt or something?
Would not work in our printer. Useless purchase
Worked great at first, but less than 6 months in, it prints a line through each of the first few pages on a print job and re-calibrates after every page printed on a document. A 30 page document has taken over an hour to print. Waste of money.
Poor quality. It's not steady. Not worth the money.
Not impressed. Overpriced, poor quality (smeary and looks marbled). No instructions. Didn't even get an invoice in the box. Shipped fast, not that it matters with the poor quality and uselessness of this product.
Obviously my pen I ordered came from a .25 box of pens for sale. It arrived late (I can get past that) but the worst is it came in a simple plastic package. Not a pen package, but a plastic package. The kind you see reserved for super cheap pens or pens sold in bulk. Then it didn't even write smooth and it's out of ink! It has absolutely no weight to it, which would seem like a good idea but with this pen and features... absolutely cheapens it. It's a cheap pen that cost $10 and doesn't even work. Returning!
This chair is small. Biggest issue is how short the seat is - it barely reached mid thigh. Arms are too short as well. This would perhaps be ok for a child but too small for an adult. It is solidly made and the assembly is very straight forward.
I purchased a double pack of Tombow correction tape. I was so excited to get them because I have seen my doctor use them many times and they are so convenient and time-saving. When I opened the pack the first one wouldn't work at all. The tape just came out and hung loose. The second one works, but the white correction tape looks sporadic when it first comes out. You have to run it over twice.
Do not buy! 4 out of the 5 pens did not work right out of the package. I would give zero stars if I could.
Printer will not scan or print without on plugging it from the outlet and then re plugging it back in. Tec support is not very helpful, and customer service won't take the printer back. We have had this printer for 2 months and have tried to get it fixed for over a month. Now we can't return it because HP says the warranty has expired in 2016, even though we bought it at Amazon Jan 7, 2019!
Ink was terrible comes out purple
I thought this was an easy measurement tool but it's too complicated. Never used it.
All except one of the cartridges work. The Yellow keeps coming up with a memory error and shutting my printer down. It's very frustrating. I don't know what the return policy is.
GARBAGE!!! Was expecting high quality rag paper. Paper was not labeled at all, so reference in deciding which paper was null. Do not buy!
I need to white out text at times and this product is not very good. I usually have to rub it on, then wait until it dries, then put on a second coat. Even after that I can still see the original text.
It would be a great product if they all worked. Replaced the “M” but my printer keep beeping & not letting me print anything, them replace it again same thing happened.
Paper and cover are nice quality, but the way the binding is attached to the cover is horrible. The first page and last page are essentially a small amount of glue being held together by one piece of paper, the whole cover fell off from the pages within 9 pages of mild usage.
They are very leaky. Very hard to control how much paint to use
This toilet paper ran out really fast, it was thick but didn't last long.
This is how I received my order. Great reviews, but unfortunately poor delivery and/or packaging.
Great design, however I was shorted a few bags.
These worked for a while and now several of the markers just don't work. They are runny and do not look like chalk at all.
I ordered two boxes and both boxes had damaged ink cartridges with ink is leaking and spilling out. So basically, two cartridges were no good. The undamaged ink seems to be ok though.
When we plunged the set it did not work. Had to send it back
I bought these erasers for my classroom and have decided not to use them. They smear your board rather than erase.
The case is nice and clear, no scratches or stains yet, but the bottom cover does not fit correctly. It doesn't lock into place like the top cover does, so it almost slides off whenever I grab my laptop. The cover comes up enough to secure one side, but the two shorter sides are not secured at all. I'll probably have to buy a different case. The keyboard cover is fine (not completely clear--more like frosted). The case is not matte but smooth plastic, so if you're looking for a matte case don't get this one.
Nice quality kraft paper cards with a rustic look... but the cards are a very tight fit in the envelopes. Major bummer. Would definitely NOT recommend.
This recorder does not pick up voices in a room unless your mouth is right near it. Only good for maybe notes to yourself , but a cell phone can do that.
I don't really get a more straight cut with these scissors. The laser doesn't help me, and just makes the scissors bulky. The blade cuts well, but the laser isn't as great as I thought it would be. Would not buy again.
I bought this because of the price and I got what I paid for. The hands would not attach to the mechanism firmly and in putting the clock into the face was almost impossible as the hands would fall off the end of the spindle every time I got it together. The hands are also very easily bent and if not flattened would interfere with eachother. I will end up having to use superglue to keep the hands on the face, but if I have to buy another, I will find it elsewhere. In the end, it will work and did arrive undamaged, but the frustration with the fragile hands and spindle interface causes more problems than it solves.
I researched for around half an hour to make sure I was getting a Velcro style tape that I can use for cable management in my home office. I wanted to make sure I got one that would hold very strongly and provide enough material for future applications as well. My only worry was that these would not hold strongly, but they are rock solid. The second I got them out of the bag they shipped in, I had to exert a decent amount of effort to separate them just by the small contact patched they had in shipping. Make no mistake, the effort is a pro, not a con. Unfortunately it is stronger than the adhesive it comes with and after trying on multiple surfaces, I have determined it is not a sufficient adhesive for the strength of the loops. This is unfortunate because it otherwise is a great product. I don't intend to use the remainder of the roll, and unless the seller reaches out to resolve, I'll just consider it a $12 loss and move on to a different cable management solution.
Out of the package I was pleasantly surprised at what I saw; several different light source settings, three different magnifications, and all in a compact case in design. However after multiple uses, I'm highly disappointed in this product it is met none of my expectations as the lights are Fairly ineffective and the higher. Magnification settings are too small to get cleared good visuals. I would not recommend this product to anyone and I was disappointed enough to try and return within 30 days and I was told it is in eligible for return so I wasted money for absolutely worthless product .
Board does not erase well!!
Did not feel it met my expectations
Ordered these extra capacity folders sit directly next to other pendaflex file folders I have - so I wanted them to match. However I received Office Depot box bottom folders. I'm sure they're also made by Pendaflex but they are a different shade of green and the box doesn't have the printable labels that I've received with other Pendaflex folders. Two stars because for most they'll work, but I take the time to order what I want, and I expect that item to be delivered.
it is to low. limited use for the space underneath.
This product was not worth the price. One exploded and a few had bad tips.
Third time I've bought this twin pack of ink for my printer...first time, cartridges were great. They loaded fine and printed many pages (I'm a school teacher, so I use my printer several times daily.) With the second order, the first cartridge I put in leaked ink all over and did not work at all. The other in the twin pack worked fine. Overall, I'm bummed the one didn't work out but thought it was a good buy for the money. Since it's much cheaper then buying new, I took my loss. Third time I bought the twin pack, the first cartridge wouldn't be recognized in the printer but the second one has worked so far (two days.) I'm done buying these because it's not worth the hassle of thinking your getting two and then really only getting ONE that works.
the lanyard and clasp seem like they are crafted with good quality materials for sure. however, i don't know if i like how the clasp opens and closes. my house key fell off the lanyard and i almost lost it in the parking lot...i found it under someone else's car. so be very careful if you use this. the design is just okay. i ordered the marble one and it seems more brown than the photo is.
Dividers are durable and all 10 arrived in package BUT it did NOT include blank White Labels As Advertised.
This pen was a disappointment. After all the talk about how great the pen was, how it was the best brush pen money could by (and it wasn't cheap), I was let down. The brush tip began to split after a few uses, just like every other brush pen I've owned. I've yet to find a brush pen that is functional for professional inking and this is no exception. A sable brush is still the best option for inking.
Cheap, Lightweight..have to hold down to use dial. Didn't work on any plug in thw house.
Too pricey and first day a sink hole from the chair appeared and still there
Image shows a super cute rose gold planner but it doesn't show the ugly flower design with a statue of jesus on the cover. No space to do weekly meal planning. Good for someone who has a big multi step goal that they are working on. I need something that organizes daily due dates for work and family appointments.
The pen was delivered very promptly. That being said the quality of this pen is sub par. Not nearly as well made as the old Parker IM pens. The description also said the pen will be shipped with a black refill. It was shipped with a blue ink, not black. Overall I am disappointed with this product from Parker and the description is incorrect.
Magnetically Attached Inner Hard PC Shell does not fit my phone. I have a 8 note and its so big my phone falls out of it. So now I have to either order a new case from somewhere else or try to get my money back because I cant find the package. This case would of been perfect if they would of sent me the correct Hard Inner Shell. I was so disappointed.
Was missing the metal things to stack them, could only stack 2 of the bins
This laptop stand was quite functional but the plastic used for folding legs is not durable at all. The top left one got broken very easily.
I would love to give more stars but the black ink doesn't work. The color works fine, but my printer keeps saying there is something wrong with the black cartridge. It won't let me print with it in. I actually had to put my old empty black cartridge back in, in order to print at all.
Purchased the "Wine" colored option - did not read the reviews beforehand (my mistake). The color was covered by gold glitter and red patches all over; definitely not leather, not even fake leather, moreso a low-cost fabric material covering. Not what I was expecting and made it look very cheap. Gave 2 stars since I did like how the inside of the portfolio was set up. Overall not a fan and ended up returning.
It says 320 but the package that I got is 140
This is exactly what I wanted to corral the mess on my desk but one drawer needs sanding down. It sticks and will not open all the way.
This is a set of three pens. One works great. One works when it feels like it, and one doesn't write at all. Save your money!
This tape, I wanted to love it, I mean it is so pretty with all the sparkles and metallic colors in a fairly large variety, but alas it is a pile of frustration! Pros: -It is decently adhesive, I am only using in in journaling so it is not like I am really putting this tape through its paces, but it sticks to paper -Really pretty! -Nice Variety, even if mine were different from the tapes pictured Cons: -Poorly cut and very jagged messy edges -certain tapes have the coloring come off and leave giant transparent splotches, this was especially frustrating with my favorite snowflake pattern -at least one of the rolls switches patterns mid roll meaning I had an incomplete project. Overall they are very cheap in appearance when off the roll, which is rather sad.
I never got it - apparently lost in transportation
Okay product. My copies come out a little light.
Low cost and you can tell. The lines from page to page are not uniform, but that isn't a big issue for me. What is a issue is the inability to tear the pages cleanly. Very annoying, and a deal breaker. I will not be reordering due to that issue alone. Everything else is good. Writes smoothly.
Too small to be practical for other than minimal amount of work on the fly Is small enough for briefcase
There is a very little ink in these cartridges. I only print occasionally and i usually only print text with a color illustration here and there. I started getting messages from my printer almost immediately upon installing that the ink level was low! How much ink is in these cartridges anyway? Someone should be alerted that there is something seriously wrong with the amount of ink they put into the cartridges as opposed to how much they charge for them! This ink costs more than the finest perfume per ounce!
It is comfortable, but I am not a fan of the color. It will get dirty soon. The upgraded one should also come in black. Update after 4 months of use: So the mouse pad dampened from the middle after only 4 months of use, as displayed in the pictures.
I loved the deal but the ink didn't last longer as it says.
These were a huge disappointment. They were advertised as 1.5 inch rings but they are over 2 inches in diameter. If you don't want bigger than 1.5” DO NOT BUY THESE. Other than size issues, they seem fine and the colors are pretty. I'm just irritated because i needed 1.5 inch like they promised.
As good as a regular Sharpie, which I love. But I paid extra for these hoping I'd be able to read my garden markers longer. They faded just as quickly as when I use any other permanent marker, including Sharpies.
The piece that is supposed to close over the paper is slightly too big in many of the tags. I had to cut a sliver off of one of the sides to get it to snap back in.
This was the first letter board I've ever bought. The outcome is great, it's very pretty. I picked this particular board because it was cheap, looking back now I would have spent a few more dollars if I didnt have to cut out alllll the letters AND screw the back stand peices on.
Several of the "diamonds" fell out of the prongs and I could not get them to stay again. Also, the ink cartridges inside the pens seems to slip inside and you can barely see the tip of the ink point to write anything. Overall, they are really cute when they arrive but they quickly fall apart.
This doesn't stay in place on low pile carpeting. I researched extensively a chair pad that would not move around on my carpet. This one has spikes and is advertised as the correct item for medium pile carpet. Well I found it slips out of position within a matter of minutes and buckles up against the desk and credenza. I have now purchased two different chair pads both advertising they are the ones for medium pile carpet and they both move almost immediately once a chair with roller wheels is moved across them.
Haven't even had this case for a week and it's already starting to come apart. Disappointed.
Lines too narrow for writing
I wanted to recommend these because of the super cute designs but I do not recommend these at all. They feel very very thin, and they rip so easily!!!! Will not be buying these again.
I like the product...it could be better...isn't as strong as the advertisement make it...would I purchase this again...probably not....
The two stars are for the mouse pad. He curls up and is not as comfortable to use and the rest pad for the keyboard. The keyboard pad is perfect the mouse pad could use some serious design work
Used in for a little more than a month before it sprung from my waste as a disassembled mess.
The desk itself is ok. Good for the money. Easy to assemble. The packaging, however, was horrible. The box arrived with both ends open and parts of the desk hanging out. I opened the package the rest of the way and it looked like nothing missing, so I put it together. Because of the shoddy packaging, there were serious dings and dents in a couple of places. I'm keeping the desk because I need it and don't want to wait for another -but am quite unhappy to have a brand new desk with dents and dings.
My kindergarten classroom but only adults sharpened pencils with it. It would turn off after about a year and now only works randomly and will cut off as soon as you begin to sharpen.
They work well but there is creases/ air pockets in the middle on both the front and the back. I have used them a couple of times. There is only one that came out without air pockets l.
Chair sinks in the mat making it difficult to roll around even for a normal weight female.
The first couple pages come out of the printer fine. But later pages have a broad smear of pinkish color about two inches wide on each side of the page. I have not had this problem with any other toner (OEM or generic). Not a fan.
I was not surprised to see they came in pieces because I read the reviews before purchasing. I really needed colored one for some project. For some reason, it worked better in smaller stapler I have. Really small pieces won't work so I had to throw them away. I thought green was the most visible one.
I was hoping for some thick and strong cardstock for stuff like diy crafts/projects, but this is very thin and lightweight, more like sturdy paper instead of cardstock.
As others mentioned, this tape is rather stretchy and does not tear off the dispenser easily.
This is a really small box. Don't expect to be able to put many keys in there especially if you have remote with the keys. Unless you don't mind have the door left part way open.
I have ordered these twice in the last 6 months. I am still using the first order. The cartridges had been working beautifully until about 2 weeks ago. Streaking started out very small however, now the pink, blue and black are leaking and streaking all my printed pages. I hope I have not ruined my printer. I will not be using the brand new second order of this product.
I bought printer July 16, 2018 and already experiencing grinding noises when printing. Don't use printer often. My previous Dell laser printer lasted 11 years before experienced any problems
The surface is thin and with repeated use, the dry erase marker begins to stain the surface.
The tape roll notches were broken right out of the box.
These are old and have been sitting away for years it seems. Not a strong smell like the store bought fresh ones
wish it stuck as strongly as it smelled. very strong chemical smell and although its nice and thick for strength it doesn't matter because the only thing it sticks well to is itself 2 stars only because it was thick
New to purchase again - Requesting express shipping (vs. ground)
The minute you put batteries in it says low battery. Not sure what that's about it works but the battery thing is a problem.
Fresh out of the package, half are dull and half are bright. Kind of expected more from Expo. Not sure if they are dry or what.
The price is good, however, the smell of these tape rolls is just horrible. They have a very strong, unpleasant chemical odor. I will not purchase these again.
Poor quality. Clasp broke in a week and the bucket broke after regular usage.
The drawers don't open and close smoothly. The appearance is great, heavy and made of nice materials. The locking mechanism doesn't work well, I have to stick my hand into the top drawer & adjust the locking position everytime. The key won't open the bottom 2 drawers without me making this adjustment manually on the top drawers.
Pros: The item looks just as it does in the picture Cons: Does not do its job, gets stuck all the time.
Ripped trying to use first time
Every time I use the speakerphone (which is the main reason I purchased this phone), the party I am speaking to tells me that s/he can barely understand me, or at all. Otherwise, an impressive full-featured phone, but for me, the lousy speakerphone is a deal breaker.
I like the pages and the layout. The problem is if you have to carry it around much the outside cover deteriorates quickly. After just a week or so mine is coming off.
Almost everything I hang up keeps falling off. Frustrating!
For how poorly made it is and how badly it functions it should have cost way less. The wheels pop off and don't stay in place so they're pointless because if you try and roll it they just fall off. The drawer is terrible. It is very hard to pull in and out and constantly falls out. It's a pretty small size so my printer hangs off just a bit.. Overall, it's wobbly. A plastic milk crate would have been a better option.. Don't waste your money.
Good product, but arrived damaged with no damage to the packing, and took quite a long time for the order to be fulfilled. The product is what is offered, but the quality of the company leaves me wanting.
Item arrived with NO adhesive tape in box. I will keep item and buy the tape myself rather than utilize the return process, but it is unfair to force me to spend more money.
These are kind of bummer quality. They're spotty when they write, and the caps don't stay on well, which is kind of a dealbreaker since I put them in my pocket at work (I'm a nurse). Haven't used them since the first week and wouldn't buy them again.
This mouse pad is permanently wrinkled. I might literally have to iron it to get it to lay flat.
I love the colors because they a neutral, however I have to replace them soon, because they rip, not strong. I love the start tho.
I used it once to check it out. The next time I used it, it didn't work
to expensive, at target they sell them for 12 bucks.
these do not have a n/o contacts only 1 set of normally closed
Pretty initially, then I realized that I could get splinters from every part other than the top. Not well sanded, wouldn't recommend for small children. Came with a few chips underneath, but the annoying part is that the one piece meant to hold up the laptop (bottom ledge) doesn't fit in the holes.
This printer has only given me problems. Every time I try and print something it says it is out of paper, when it is not. Most of the time I give up. Then it won't print when ink is “low” my color cartridge is low however I'm only printing black and I just changed that to a brand new cartridge but still won't print, that is if I can actually get it to pick up the paper. I run a home business and wish I would have gotten a different printer as this is just sitting on a shelf not being used. Not worth the headache and still being without a printer even after purchasing.
Loved the Poppies on the front and size because it was very easy to get the cards out. BUT within a couple of weeks, it fell apart, in pieces. At the moment I use a rubberband around it until a new one comes in. Wish to heck it was sturdy. Good luck if you choose to purchase one.
Lasted less than a month then broke.
I received my laminator and some of the pouches but not all promised and PAID for. What gives???
I have had to throw at least half of the pack away because they are dried out prior to ever using them.
I question, that they are genuine Parker. They don't write the same as my early refills
Mat is pretty thin and worse slides everywhere.
They come in a nice assortment, but if I want them to stick, I must use a little tape.
I thought it was great.... until I found it was missing pages in April right when I needed to schedule my appointments! It only went up to April 13th then straight to May. Who knows if there are more pages missing. I wish I had noticed this when I could still return it. I suggest if you do buy this planner, go through EVERY MONTH and make sure there are no pages missing.
Not good pencils. They work just fine, at first, but the erasers become soft and stop working, and the pencils are cheap plastic prone to minor defects that prevent them from functioning well. Pros: cheap, comfortable to use. Cons: low quality, sorry life span.
Arrived with a tear in the top left corner of the cover.
WORST presentation ever!!! How can I give that to my kids??? Awful shipping work!!!
So disappointing. These pens still write very smoothly, they're a joy to use and it's refreshing that at least that hasn't changed, but there's LESS THAN HALF the amount of ink in these new, unused pens than there ought to be. I took a photo of the ink tube backlit, so you can see for yourself. They're not refillable so the price is decidedly less attractive once you factor that in. Your pens won't last as long, and extra plastic is being dumped into the environment. Also, you can see from the photo, the box came apart and the pens were picked up & stuffed back into the mailer. The pens were all there - none missing. The soft mailer didn't have any chance of getting the box delivered uncrushed, but I believe that the damage occurred before it was put in the mailer. There wasn't enough clearance for the pens to have slipped out of the box in transit. That was my experience, and it should not be assumed that it would be yours, but I planned on storing the pens in the box they came in, and that's not possible.
They're very soft and easily smear on contact, unlike the packaging claims.
This bag is non-itchy, appears well-constructed, and has a spacious interior. However, I bought this because I need to store legal-size documents without folding or bending them, a use-case which the description and dimensions seem to support. However, the opening of the top of the bag is woefully too small for this task. If the opening were bigger I would be able to fit my folders of mortgage papers inside (which seems spacious enough for all of my documents, but it's not, and that's super disappointing. I will be returning this.
The projector picture quality is excellent crystal clear the downfall is the loud fan noise I would recommend if you're going to get this projector it be put into a large room not a small room where the sound would not be as extreme
The anchors did not hold the screws they came with. And before you ask, the holes were tight, I tapped them in with a finishing hammer.
String broke within a month of use
Fell apart shortly after I started using it
Although the print quality is good with these, the yield was very low, about 300 pages of normal text.
I like the way this looks but it feels cheap and doesn't have all of the features i was looking for. The calendar it has is little bitty stickers and no pocket for each month, the pockets are shared with another month. Also, it is bowed, when you hold it it is curling up.
I've purchased this toner many times in the past, but the last 2 orders have substantially fallen short of longevity. We print around 50 sheets/day of text (no pictures) and in 16 working days, have had to replace the most recently purchased cartridge. That's only about 800 pages for a high yield cartridge! The return window of 1 month just passed a few days ago, so can't return my second unopened cartridge. Do not recommend buying!
Works well, Except the glue on the back doesn't even stick or work at all. Envelopes from dollar tree glue better. They don't stick at ALL So I've been using tape. But a bit annoying.
I ordered these again even thought it runs out of ink fast. I could not see paying over $90 for the name brand ink for a $160 10 year old printer.
poor resolution. We returned it!
I was excited when I first put it on the wall near my desk, but a few days later it fell off the wall. There was no way to get it to stay on the wall. I had to take the cork out of the metal backing to be able to make some use out of it.
Don't waste your time. Definitely not worth it. Pure rubbish!
UPDATE: I am very happy to say that this company responded to my review. Customer service was great and they issued me a full refund because this is NOT what should have happened with the product. It is good to know that they take product quality seriously and want customers to be satisfied! ____________________________________________ I am beyond disappointed with these! The cover design is cute--but they are very thin and low-quality. The worst part, though, is that the journals SMELL TERRIBLE!! They smell like animal dung. I even tried airing them out for three days, but the smell remains. Now I am just throwing them in the trash.
I purchased this item for using to check ID's as a nightclub security person. I liked the design of this device, as I didn't need to constantly open and close a device, it had one simple button that doesn't accidentally come on in your pocket like other ones. It also appeared to be sturdy. But I was wrong. It stopped lighting up (which is very necessary for me) after using it for one weekend. I tried seeing if a wire had come loose inside or something, but couldn't find the issue. So into the trash, it went. If you are using this in a very light duty environment, or somewhere where you don't have to rely on the light built into the device, this may be the one for you. However, if you are using it constantly and require the light, don't expect it to last long. I was especially dissapointed, as everything else was just what I was looking for. Unfortunately, things like this are always built like crap and never meant to last. I was hoping for more than a weekend use out of it though....
I like that it's remanufactured and still gives the same quality as the regular kind, but it did not last as long as even the original ink, which was one of those partial filled cartridges. These 2 didn't even make it through 1/2 of a ream of paper (250 pages). Would not buy again, and I can't recommend.
First one arrived and didn't work. Second one worked, but is off very poor quality materials. Dont expect it to last long and still deciding whether or not to keep it.
This was for my grandson and the keys for the handcuffs were too small. They would be too easily lost. The hat was not great quality and the handcuffs were easily broken.
Very thin, do not hold their shape, very difficult to get a paper inside.
Arrived bent. I had to return it.
Does not stick very well. Magnet is very weak
Way too thin comparing to what I/we have had
I THOUGHT IT WAS HARD PLASTIC IT WAS A WASTE OF MONEY
The rings are too small if you want to hold much. I am a teacher and need to store more than 10 sheets of paper. The outside pocket in theory is great but it is so snug that each paper crumpled when I tried to slide one in. The inside left document pocket, also good in theory, was a bust. Something in the bottom made papers not slide in smoothly. One of the zipper pulls from an inside pocket fell off in less than a week. My iPhone 8 Plus fit in the small zipper pocket so that was nice. However, overall the produce was a bust for me and I gave it away.
Walmart sells packs of 12 for $11. I basically paid 1/3 more per pen than I would have from Walmart. Good pens though
The drills are round not square as the description states. The drills are not shiney, they look dull in the package. I will update after I complete the piece. This is for the Snowman with the light poll.
It doesn't do great job which I was expecting:-(
A minor, but irritating point...The stamp is misaligned; not parallel with the case.
You have to put huge holes in your wall to get these things in and even after following instructions closely, mine are loose.
Item came chipped and with scratches on the front
they work great, but nothing beats a sharpie, and they are still cheaper than these in bulk.
Cute, but the wheels and one of the lids broke on the first day. Not the best quality.
Not very adhesive at all. Adhesive part is very "deep" (about 1") but doesn't stick hardly at all. I bought this even after reading this exact complaint from many reviewers because it was the most affordable for what I was looking for. Got what I paid for. the product is dollar tree worthy, not worth a penny more than that.
I would give it a 5 , but I don't like how the dog is upside down on the bottom .
It is built properly good but a nightmare to put together and i had a damaged piece it would have been a real pain to repackage and return , so i just repaired it myself and kept it
Really poor quality. Almost all of them are crooked and don't close properly and the paint is falling off.
Difficult to operate due to the size of the controls and playback volume is virtually nonexistent without headphones. Neither can I determine where the beginning and end is with this darn thing.
Ok so yes it can scan film. However I am not impressed. It takes a long time to load new film 35mm into the device. I spent 2 hours to do about 140 pics... the lcd screen isn't great. I don't need a full time job scanning photos. Good news you can scan them if you have patients and don't care if they aren't great.
One of the cartridges was not recognized regardless of how many times I reinstalled it. The second one worked after the second install. The print quality is very good.
Moving the desk chair leaves marks showing all over the mat. Not very attractive.
Wasn't made very well
Wanted to like these. They ran out quick. Not so good with writing.
Metal memory - Most key rings are made with metal that springs back exactly to the shape that it was originally manufactured (like nickel titanium). These rings get sprung out of their original shape when you open and close them and retain that open shape after just a few opening and closings. Thus they don't look good and you could possibly lose keys by them slipping off the ring.
I don't know if its my copier or the ink. But it shows low ink level.
Really flimsy and hardly offer any protection to items being shipped. They are just way too thin! Adhesion is good, wish I could say the same about the rest of the mailers. Very disappointed.
When I received this product I noticed that the "gripping" stickers on it were a bit crooked and shifted, but it still seemed to work so I let it go. It's been about a month and the grippers have come off and it will no longer hold my laptop up and it keeps sliding off the base. When it works it was a good product, but after a month of use, it's pretty much useless.
These pencils look cool but are way too long and you can't even use a normal electric pencil sharpener to sharpen them. Totally not practical to use and waste of money.
They both came with dents/bends in the bottom. This has made all the pages bent at the bottom and it's really irritating. I was so excited to get these and now I'm just disappointed. I haven't tried the paper out yet. Once I do I'll update my review, but I might not even be able to use these; too irritating to have those bends in each page. EDIT: I had decided to stick with it as the paper is thick enough and nice for writing, but I ran into a problem that has made this journal unusable for me. I've added more pictures to show that the dot grid doesn't line up from page to page. It isn't this way on all pages, but it happened on one that I was using the entire two pages for a spread so it really screwed me up. I'm getting a different brand.
I thought I use these to brighten up my scratch-off cards, but they were hard to scratch off, I was told. You must use a coin. Your fingernail won't do it.
It's probably just me but I quit using this. It was a little disorganized
Headset worked for a few months then cut in and out on calls. Very frustrating and disappointing. Buyer beware
Doubt that someone not strong could do it by themself.
They will not work in an HP printer
I have used and installed many computers and printers.. This one by far was the worst, most absurd installation process. most printers have a "get started" page to guide you through.> this has a note to download a phone app and do it that way. even the sheet to remove all the packing tape is not clear. Now, after intall, I can print, but I cannot scan from my computer, or to my computer. All in all just VERY confusing and not user friendly set up.
Not as practical as I was hoping.
Doesn't work well, most people hear lots of static on my end
Nice photos, but no identification of the subject or location of each photo.
Read the fine print. Expensive.
Please ship the mousepad not folded! It's a great mousepad but it came folded and even after heavy use for couple months the creases are still present. Maybe ship it in a tube?
These are cute but they do end up smearing and even the colorful art wears away quickly. I'm left with blank white labels on my rollerballs.
Worked fine, but didn't last very long. I'll not reorder
Not sticky enough for sticky notes.
Love the price! Hate the final product. The colored ink fades fast on my products.
The beads are starting to fall off and the back of the lanyard is separating. It looks nice at first, but the product does not last for every day use.
Too difficult having to shake to get to work. The red doesn't work. Dissappointed but kept.
Product fine, but don't believe the "guaranteed delivery" claim. It was due on Thursday, but didn't arrive until Monday with daily messages that it would be coming the next day. There was also no way to cancel the order. I needed this item desperately and wasn't able to complete my project on time. Thanks, no thanks.
These pens are not smooth and the ink is very light. You have to apply pressure to write and I don't like them at all. I paid an OK price and not worth it. I have been using them little by little because there are so many in the package. Not happy with most of them. They vary a little in ink and ease of use.
Very small and not centered.
My printer doesn't want to accept it
UPDATE: The seller contacted me and offered me $30 in Amazon gift cards to immediately remove my review! I'm sorry, but that's just wrong. My review was unbiased and honest, and I will not remove or change it. Beware this seller's questionable business practices! ORIGINAL REVIEW: This product did not meet our needs and is being returned. It does not hold "banker boxes" my attorney-husband uses regularly for work despite the dimensions given. Also, the handle is unstable. Interestingly enough, we received an email two days after our order arrived advising us that "some customers" have problems with the instability of the handle and suggesting we watch an updated You Tube video the seller has created to address this issue. We were assured that the cart "can still be used" despite the wonky handle, and were asked if we still wanted to keep it. This is before I ever issued a return/refund request. Apparently, this is a well-known issue with the product that has caused many customers to return it. I would have liked to have known this ~before~ I ordered it, especially since it was a gift. I know it's a weird gift, but hey, it's what my husband asked for. Then again, if I had known about the problem, I probably wouldn't have purchased the cart at all, which I'm sure is why the problem isn't disclosed upfront. Needless to say, it is being returned. Between the size and the problems with the handle, we're just going to go with another brand altogether. His current one is from Magna Cart and he loves it. It needs to be replaced because he accidentally damaged the cart, not because of a defect with the cart. I'd recommend that brand over this one. Two stars because someone carrying smaller items who doesn't mind a brand new cart with handle issues might find it useful. Us, not so much.
A total waste of money. The keys get stuck and they do not release easily I wouldn't waste your time or money on the Not so smart key classic
Not even a FULL YEAR?!? What the hell am I going to do with January to some random day in June?! Very unhappy
Was very cheap and plastic feel
I have only had this for under a year, with usage limited to evening/night due to it only being just over 3000 Lumen and my place is has considerable light ambience. I installed blackout shades and was enjoying everything about this projector until I turned it on and has a huge yellow blob in the upper right screen area. After researching these blobs, I have learned it is the Blue LCD polarizer has probably overheated and burned the spot in place. I reached out to the Elephas team in November and they requested proof pictures. I sent the images (see my image uploads, the last two) and that was it. No more dialogue or conversation from these folks. I am going to have to go out and get another projector now, since this is just getting worse and more obtrusive when watching. Buyer beware.
They weren't very sticky and I had a hard time getting them to stay on the tubs I put them on.
I chose this map over all the others available due to the details and colors. I find it difficult to scratch off the states and, many of the states I have scratched off didn't scratch off clean and are left looking messy and unreadable (see picture of FL).
This is not purple. The picture of the item they portray is purple. I wanted a purple deep space one like in the picture. Thats what i was expecting. This is fine otherwise. I mean I'll make due just not what I ordered.
Bought for my dad.. but the battery stop keeping charge after the month...he can't us it unless it is plugged in.. had to get him a new and different one.
I really like how easy this is to use for printing, copying, and scanning. Print quality for documents has been great. I tried printing a photo though (on epson photo paper) and it was beyond terrible. The printer cannot scan legal size documents and I've had weird issues where if I send a multiple page scanned document I've had multiple people complain that the second page was blank so I've had to scan each page individually.
These pens hemorrhage ink every few words. I wish I had never bought them.
Love the fine point however it has to many flat spots hard to write in a fluid manner
My printer didn't like these and I ended up getting HP brands.
The weighted base isn't heavy enough. It works OK when the light is on the side of the extended suppot, but falls over when the light is on the other side. The LEDS work great and the magnification is good.
not the best , maybe use for Kids play
I have this same item in grey (also purchased from Amazon) and the construction of this item is much poorer. The strings are not as fitted so the books do not lay properly in the folio.
They were not expensive, and you get what you pay for. Two of these clips broke the first week I used them! Cute, colorful, but they didn't hold up for me. Maybe in some situation where they would get less strenuous use. Would not order again.
Inferior product worth only half the $40 price! I knew i was in trouble when i lifted a very lightweight box. Opening it confirmed my suspicion. The provided flip blade screwdriver was not notched for Phillips (it was just a pointed rod), not that it would have been the right size in the first place. The pass-through screw holes on the legs are much too large (the directions indicate that there was a previous product from which this was adapted). There is no bracing and limited spot welding on the leg base. The top is unstable with any weight and vibrates horribly when you type. Honestly, this is the type of Chinese junk we expected 30 yrs ago. The only reason it gets two stars and not returned is that my wife likes how it fits over the side of the bed and will not let me return it.
I wish they were more sticky. I find the edges were constantly curling up!
This is the second bundle I bought and they leak into the shirt. It's kind of obvious how poorly made these are...anyone have the same issues.
After 10 sheets 2 colors are already empty. Not happy.
This slide converter has a very small screen and hard to see details on the slide that need touching up. The operating manual is very brief and takes a lot of trial and error to get a decent picture. The operation of the scanner is OK just how to adjust the quality of the picture is substandard. I am sorry that I didn't return it when I could. Knowing what I know now I would never have purchased the unit.
I bought this scanner specifically because the description said it was wireless and I wanted to scan all the books in my classroom library. It is not wireless. It needs to be connected to the usb at all times to work.
Color cartridge not working. Tried several recommended solution but failed.
Too small to actually hold a lot of pens. Kind of flimsy.
I used this product to write my notes over on a sheet protector. Some of the markers are decently pigmented. While others work as if they have water and a hint of food coloring in them. Will not be purchasing again.
Wrappers were kind of stuck closed and difficult to open.
It peels off 1 day after i purchased it. Not happy
I loved these pencils the first time I ordered them. So cool! This time they came dirty; is there anything that can be done?
Idea is great. I bought specifically for my shampoo bottles which have round tops. There is not a cap in this kit that will fit the shampoo bottle. Shoved them in a drawer where they will sit until I throw them away.
So sad! I bought this pencil sharpener for my classroom! Not long after buying, it stopped working. I have tried so many attempts to figure it out. But when it was working it worked amazing!
For some reason, it seemed too wobbly and didn't anchor securely toward the back
Although the quality of this product seems ok, the magnets to keep the portfolio closed are not strong enough. I bought this one specifically so I would have something that would close but had to return it.
When I ordered this, it said a 96 pack, but I received a 48 pack. It's disappointing to pay $10 for 96 pencils and only receive 48.
The keychain broke a week after having it. It could be I am just abit rough with my keys at work.
January dates were misprinted in mine. Other than that it's super cute. Just really disappointed in that!
This is great when it works but it is working less and less. Purchased August 2018 and after about 9 months it started to display an error code and you have to turn the machine off and then on and wait while it "thinks". That happens multiple times a day now. Wouldn't recommend at all.
This product works great as a white board but it was impossible to apply smoothly. I had 2 people applying it and still it has wrinkles in the middle. The adhesive is unforgiving and the product so thin it is impossible to control. We ended up having to slice down the middle of each wrinkle so that it could be overlapped and flat. This of course left it looking like there were cracks in the board.
It LOOKS beautiful and great quality material. Unfortunately you can't write with some of them because the ballpoint part gets pushed inside the pen when you try to write. What's the point of a pen if it doesn't work? I'm giving it an extra star because it's cute but it's a gamble if you're buying these as gifts. Some work some don't.
One of them was defective and didn't work. The other one was fine.
Although this brand came highly recommended by some fellow crafters, I was extremely disappointed when I went to use it. Every sheet has a bend on the corner from poor packaging. There are also several sheets that have marks on them that make printing difficult as it would ruin the image.
Had this for about a week and really liked it. Then one day when I pulled my keys out the screw somehow came out and my keys flew across the parking lot and my house key fell into a drain. If they stayed together this would be great but I can't recommend it to others.
Product works but it is misleading. I brought this wanting to be able to scan 11 X 17 documents. In the description it states that it duplicates 11 X 17 documents which is untrue. The largest it will scan is 8.5 x 11.
The paint get peeled off with the adhesive
One out of the did not work.
Needed a decent brush for my rabbit. This one is too big and the pins are too wide. I have to brush him from 80 different angles to catch shed hair.
This would be for a kid, you could pop this box with a fingernail file.
Tried to attach this to my dry erase board, which is about 1lb. Had to put it on all 4 sides. It eventually held up, but the adhesive isn't very strong. I guess it would've worked if you applied your own glue
I ordered the Mead Multipurpose Typing Paper because someone in my Facebook Typewriter groups said it was a good substitute for what used to be used for "typing" paper. The picture shows a "box" with the word "Typing" clearly shown. What I received was NOT in a box, but was shrink-wrapped. The barcode numbers DO match, and this is thin paper, but the label now says nothing about Typing. I have old typewriters that I occasionally use, and normal inkjet or multipurpose bond simply doesn't work very well. I *may* send this back...
i loved these at first, they worked grate, didn't bleed. but after a week or two the color are running out and don't work. Not worth the time or money
The sizes of TV it says it fits is incorrect. Will not fit anything bigger than an 18" TV.
Writing quality is poor. Ink dispersement varies. I would not trust using these pens to write an important document
Doesn't seem to work as well as in the advertisements. Kind of disappointed.
Super cute but can't be messed with a lot or they fall apart quite easily, so if you are not using them in a scrapbook and want to do something a bit more extensive they don't hold up well with being used and reused. Several of them broke after opening them up multiple times.
Some worked well. While the sticky part of some others came off and are useless
The tape was very inexpensive, but is VERY thin and rips as you try to unroll it. For example, I was pulling tape off to mask trim, and over a six-foot section I had eleven pieces of tape because it kept ripping.
Came right off did not adhere. Pain to get off...waste of money
Reviews said a soft case was included and I didn't recieve one
It won't lay open and the week starts with Monday.
Pens leaked after first use. Some didn't even write upon unboxing.
Love the look of this lanyard & the magnetic holds really well. The clip keeps coming undone so my keys & ID have fallen off numerous times, thankfully I've been able to find them. However I had to get a different lanyard because this one doesn't work.
Did not work very well
Didn't come with the colors as displayed. I thought I was getting purple and received green tools.
The colors are not very vibrant. They are very faint... Some of the colors I cannot use in my classroom because they appear too light on the whiteboard.
I was a bit disappointed with the ribbons. They are old, as is my typewriter. My machine is 30 years old and in mint condition. The correct type doesn't work; probably from sitting in a warehouse for years. So while not perfect I'm happy to have the ribbons. Just make fewer mistakes and keep whiteout handy!
The new manufacturing is just not the same as the old pens. Where the old ones felt solid, these are very thin material. The body of the old pens matched without edges. New ones mismatch at the joint. Finally the retraction button feels just as cheap as the rest of the pen. Sad that quality has suffered. They have lost my business.
These arrived with some kind of black oil/grease all over them. It washes right off your hands but I've never received landscape pins previously that had such an obvious coating of black on them. Other then that they're fine.
The CD cases arrived separately boxed within the main Amazon box, but the CD cases themselves were loosely held together by thin plastic "sleeves." The box was full of plastic bits that had been knocked off the CD cases in transit.
I give it two stars because it writes nice and you get two replacement ink cartridges included....so value is good. But, the cap is a click off type, not screw. This makes it not very secure at all...and finally, it just doesn't hold at all. This is after only a few days!! Also, when you put the cap on the pen to use it it sticks way out causing it to feel very top heavy. Not a good design at all. If you don't plan on actually using this pen it would work fine, but for actual use....well, it's useless. Going back.
Multiple pens stopped working within a day or two
Item was shipped in a thin envelope, and because when something goes thru the mail, it gets stacked, sorted, etc... the metal parts hard punctured the cover. I had to try to bend the metal parts back to shape, and after that, it still barley held the paper in place. Do not waste your money.
Started out fine, all good. Then we started getting yellow blobs on the pages. I pulled out the cartridge tray and there was yellow powder everywhere. I cleaned out the inside of the printer and the powder all over the cartridge, and it was good again for about a week. Then same thing. This time the leak is worse.
The set up of this printer was easy. However each time I print, I get the warning that the tray is out of paper. It isn't. So I press OK, and repeat about 5 times before it actually prints. I could not find a help other than "put paper in the tray".
The black color wears off about a week after I started using it.
Colors are not as vivid as they appear in the photo. The tape is yellowed and looks very aged. :(
Love the colors but the magnetic pull won't be enough to hang much with
Never arrived, ordered Feb 25th and was refunded on April 18th.
I was pleased with how quickly I received the box of paper. Unfortunately, every wrapper of every ream was split/torn. One ream was completely out of it's wrapper, and the paper was stuck into the box sideways. A few of the corners of the paper were damaged or bent. I guess this is what happens what you have a quick turnaround on shipping.
Doesn't seem like it's going to last very long. Quality of the material and zipper seems to be low.
First I noticed it seemed someone had opened it and broke the spine wrong. You can start anyday, but there are pages for each day of the week, so you'll be left with blank pages. Better to start on a Monday. Unless your weekends are busy. Saturday and Sunday are condensed into one page. If you have a lot going on the weekends, this won't work, unless you use that one page for two other days of the week. But the monthly calendar starts on Monday (which I prefer), so it might get a bit confusing. Each day is just full of task lists. Plan on being productive or having blank areas. Even the sample page is somewhat empty. You could change the titles for sections, but it might be better to get a blank notebook at that point.
it's a pain to put together. It takes some effort and the instructions are vague. They aren't very helpful.
There must be a timer on the ink cartridges because we use our printer rarely and it always tells us we are out of ink. With less then 50 pages of B ink used it shuts down until you replace the cartridges.
Lines only in one side, envelopes won't stay closed, and really don't like how there's only a few sheets packaged together. Lots of plastic waste.
Not as quiet as it claims. I probably would not have spent the extra money for a "quiet" machine.
A couple of the lanyards came apart with a tiny bit of force. The build quality is sub-par.
The picture and description of the item is misleading. They are paint makers, not good for glass or stone. Very misleading
Sat down to write dates that are planned for next year missing pages in planner. Not happy with this. Other wise size and space for writing is great loved until was missing pages
If you picked this up in the store you would immediately put it down. The material is very flimsy and the mechanics are poor. You have to hold it exactly right in order for anything to grate properly otherwise it will catch / grind metal on metal.
I typically purchase these at either Target or Walmart for my students every year. The price on these although they are good quality are not worth the price tag. Next year I will buy them from somewhere else as soon as school supplies hit the shelves.
The wheel is flimsy and will not take much handling. Also, Amazon Prime shipped it in a padded envelope with no stiffening. Consequently it was severely bent by USPS. Very poor packaging.
Nice pictures, cheap card paper stock.
Sadly the return window has closed. DO NOT use for anything that has any weight to it. My 8th hook broke today. Iwill use the last two to hold leashes.
Does the work for the price but missing 2 A piped and 3 b6 connections
The pen is ok once you get it going. However, each time I try to use it, it takes forever for the ink to flow into the nib. I've tried storing the pen nib down, but nothing seems to help. No idea what the problem is, but it renders the pen virtually unusable
When I tried to start using this it was extremely difficult to start and I wasted quite a bit of tape getting it to start as a whole piece
The product I got was clearly used and returned before being sent to me. It was dented and missing one of the buttons on the bottom so it's annoyingly wobbly. The dent wasn't a huge deal bc I was able to pop it out enough to look like it should. Also, mini post it's dont fit in the compartment the way the pics make it look. The compartment is just a hair too small for the small post it's. Otherwise it's fine I guess... not the best product but it is what it is. You can likely get something better at an office supply store. I wouldn't purchase this again and I'm very disappointed that I was sent a visibly used and damaged product.
Completely different cover than I ordered. I didn't return it due to school starting and needing it.
I bought the double pack and only 1 cartridge worked. My canon printer won't recognize the second cartridge.
I bought this easel for my classroom; however, it was missing the parts to hold the whiteboard to the stand. Unfortunately, you are unable to use it without these parts. Amazon will NOT allow returns for this item. They did refund my money to make it right.
I was shocked to learn, directly from Canon, that using this product for printing sugar sheets and using food safe dyes completely voids the warrantee. The seller indicates there is a 1 year manufacture warrantee. This is false advertising. The Canon representative said they receive at least 6 calls a month about the failure of the product by buyers who use the food safe dye cartridges. He also stated the product is not food safe. The sugar in the dyes clogs up the sprayer nozzles and can not be properly cleaned.
Yes it is a paid stamp, but it is VERY small. Not what i was looking for, now cant return.
Edit: I gave another star because of the customer service. They were prompt with responding and once they understood the situation they offered a refund. I think with a little better QC I may be persuaded to try again. Hopefully I can find ones that fit so I'm not lining Lexmark's pockets. Original review: I have never written a one-star review, but here we are. The cartridges did not fit my printer. My model was listed as compatible. The Black fit OK, but the colors were too small and kept popping out. Since they are inexpensive I tried putting masking tape over the areas that snap in to build it out a bit and snug it up. It worked-sort of. They did stay in while everything was still. Problem is as the printer head moved one would pop up and the head would jam. I'm not willing to risk damage to my printer so they're going back.
I should have looked at the dimensions when I ordered... I knew it was too good to be true! These are TINY! and hard to make out what animals they are on some. POSITIVE: Will be great little add-ins to school lunches to surprise kids...
Epson has the worst customer service I have ever experienced. This printer is highly recommended by many for printing on heat transfer vinyl and while the first 100 pages or so worked great, it now will not print anything. It feeds a sheet of paper through twice and errors out. Or it bends a corner when it actually does decide to print. When calling Epson, you get told that since the brand of paper isn't Epson, too bad so sad it's not compatible. I run my business off of this printer and find it very hard to believe that all of a sudden it's not compatible as they tell you. I will be returning this to Amazon and using another printer.
Didn't work in my printer it had a malfunction
Many of these arrived dry or nearly so. I'm throwing out every 4th or 5th one that I try.
Product bought new - outside package and inside packing pristine. Product has scratches and gouge on opening - disappointed at the state of the product delivered.
Needed more storage names. Not even using 3/4 of them
These are economical for sure - I will buy something of a better quality next time.
Used one time and a piece broke off of one of them. I was able to fix it but it pops off consistently.
I believe they were pretty old, ink skipped, didn't last long
Relatively decent construction of fabric pocket portion but with a few serious flaws: 1) so truncated/short that it makes use when hung from the back of a door an impossibility (which is exactly what the included metal hangers are for!) if you're not at least 5'10" tall, 2) pockets too shallow (paper file folders will not stay in place), 3) metal hangers flimsy....they don't stay in place well when you open/shut the door. Not in love with this at all - appears to not be designed for use on typical USA household doors and with typical USA sized paper file folders....maybe a better fit for Asia or Europe?
These pens did not work
The black print head did not function!! Please advise on how I may return or haw I may get it to work!
I was really hoping this cheaper alternative would help this poor graduate student save some money. The I installed them the printer recognized them as previously used HP cartridges and the levels read as full. I was so excited. The ink had a smell almost like windex, but I did not care because I got the ink at 1/4 the price I would have. Ink printed nicely. However, I went to use it today one week after installation, and now there is an error with the black ink. I tried to take it out and reinstall it, but it won't recognize it anymore and I cannot print anything. I am so disappointed because I really need to save the money.
The clips are quite small but seem to the job for holding even a full sheet of paper. My biggest complaint is that they "break" easily - the clips pop off the tacks. They're just glued on, which is not unexpected. I am using them on a simple bulletin board and when I try to remove them, the clip comes off the tack. Sure, I can just glue them back on, but who has time for that! If I wanted to do that, repeatedly, I would have just made my own in the first place. These are worth about $2 rather than what I had to pay since now I basically have to make them.
box keeps freezing up, I think operating system issues, not ready for prime time
My current review - Buy the authentic Samsung Toner instead. The toner started smudging ended up wasting paper, time, and money! I cleaned the device, used laser paper, and configured settings, the smudging won't go away and it got worst. My old review - I encountered no issues using this toner. However, compared to the original, this has a lighter tone on paper. You may need to adjust the printer setting to High Quality. I use multipurpose paper and I only print text on my laser printer. I very much like The price since I only print text not graphics.
great price, but a major pain that the caps don't stay on.
I ordered 2019 calendar,and 2020 calendar was sent....plus it took 11 days to be delivered.....I should have read the revues for this company before I ordered
It did not really work with my printer, still get a printer error requiring new cartridges.
I use so many Avery products for my business and never had any problems till I tried this set. I have a good HP printer and for some reason my printer HATED these sheets. It would get stuck over and over. I wasted so many pages just trying to get a few business cards printed...very disappointing :(
This coin organizer is just ok.....nothing to write home about. It doesn't sort that great. Would not buy again.
My printer doesn't recognize the new toner cartridge. I installed them, but doesn't work.
Very cheap made. Don't like it.
On my first trip with these and they are already starting to come apart. I wanted to try these instead of the plastic vacuum bags that I normally use because I don't like my clothes smelling like plastic. So far not good. Will update when I get off of my month long backpack trip.
The ink isn't really dark it looked a little like it was midnight blue, but it worked fine. When I installed my second one nothing worked at all. It was empty.
Although it looked great and appeared to be what I wanted, the lock did not line up and no matter what I did it would never be able to lock (which was a very important feature that I needed). My husband had to take it apart and drill the hole for the lock in a different location. It was only then that I was able to lock it. I assume it was the manufacturer's poor design or assembly. We made it work, but I would never order another one.
Much smaller than expected. And it can not make sharp turns.
Great for the first couple uses. I probably got around 20-25 passes before it went dry and it was time for a refill. Would have liked to get more use out of it before having to refill it so soon.
I tested one pencil and am definitely going to be returning these. After two attempts to sharpen the pencil, I had 7 instances of the lead snapping off inside the pencil and falling out before I could get a decent tip. That said, the shading is darker with this pencil than anything else I've come across. If you don't need a fine point, this could be a good option
It ripped easily. Had to throw away.
I use the Bic Uniball pens since the ink dries quickly, but those seemed to be too pigmented for these pages. It bleeds through to the back entirely like I used a marker. I'm not changing what pen I use because I love these things so I'm probably not going to be continuing writing in this. I didn't seem to have the same issue as others though on the pocket; that was oriented correctly for me anyway.
Should have been built on an acrylic holder, not a wooden holder.
thin and very small-I would not recommend buying this again
Scissors are fine but I was sent the wrong color.
I have this fine looking $100+ piece of machinery (thus the 2nd star) just taking up space on my desk here having never printed a single page. I have now bought a Mac friendly USB cord to see if it will be possible to actually get the printer set up properly if it is physically connected to my mac, but this has been hours and hours of an absolute nightmare. Basically, the printer has not found my wireless network once in the multiple hours of set up I have put into this. The website FAQs are only marginally helpful. I am not brilliant with technology by any means, but this product is thus far completely unusable despite over 5 hours of desperate attempts to get it to connect so I can print from my mac. I would not recommend unless you have a very tech savvy person in your household.
Package includes only 60 sheets of photo paper NOT the 108 advertised!
The pads are too flimsy, and does not keep suction on the surfaces I used them on. After a few minutes, they flex enough that the suction cups will not stay on.
The highlighters were mostly dried out at arrival.
The box was falling apart when we got it, there was no packaging at all, just the regular product box and poorly taped. The metal sides are bowed.
They look good but they don't work good. The internals are very cheap made. These should be a pack of 5 for 3 bucks at the quality they are. I expected a functional pen. They all have the same flaw. Beware.
PRICE ISN'T ALWAYS QUALITY. MY PRINTER WOULDN'T RECOGNISE THESE AS REAL HP CARTRIDGES AND WOULD NOT PRINT WITH THEM.
This is not a good quality paper. Let the kids have this paper and spend a bit more for Arches or Strathmore paper
You get what you pay for, which in my case is the convenience of basic copying and printing at home. But it's a short lived convenience since I only get about 400 pages per cartridge but probably really 380. Still gets the job done but I will probably look at high yield cartridges for next purchase.
purchased an open box from Amazon. They were starting to dry out already because the glues were beginning to shrivel from the sides.
Flower pot very small and has hole directly in bottom for water to run out
Nice pics, though one was not a Dane in my opinion sent them back.
The lid broke off of the bottle cap.
Purchased this phone for someone with limited vision and hearing. The phone was not amplified and was not able to have the volume increased
Ordered two packs of these but they sent the wrong ones, I prefer the recycled ones because the plastic feels better, they are harder to break and they aren't doing as much damage to the environment, but I got two boxes of the regular non recycled ones. Not the thing I ordered. I don't care enough to go through the hassle of sending them back but I'll go with a different seller next time
Not pleased with this recorder. Volume never worked above a whisper. Its now living in our JUNK drawer.
These looked great, but...The mouse was able to get out by lifting the treat insert and sliding under it to get out. I know this because it left poop inside and the door had sprung.
Printer cannot copy from the feeder
I love some of the designs on these stickers, but I was really disappointed while looking at the different pages to see that the last one was clearly used. There was a missing sticker and then another sticker was moved around.
Printer paper feed broke on the second or third day. Had to send it back for a replacement.
The hook is too short and doesn't extend very far (if any) over the back of the seat. When you try to hook something on it, the piece spins around. I prefer the longer wire hooks.
The projector itself is okay, a little worse than I expected even considering the cost. Not sure yet if I am going to return it because we're mainly using it as an inexpensive projector for movies outside with the family on Friday nights. My main complaint is that the seller/Elephas promotes a free gift option of a screen, bag/carrying case or HDMI Adapter cable (see attached photo). For weeks I have been awaiting their reply, but they have ignored my messages (see attached screenshot). Absolutely terrible customer service. I contacted Amazon and they stated that they couldn't do anything about it, so they sent me a second projector. Still no bag/carrying case though, haha. But annoying.
Toner is fine the issues lies with the drum as soon as I put the drum printer stat paper jam I took the paper out try again same return for 2 days then I put the old drum back and printer workin fine with new toner but old drum
They don't stick well (to normal paper) which defeats the purpose of getting a sticker. I purchased the gold color because color did not matter and it was the cheapest one. Perhaps the more expensive color options adhere better?
The style and design is great, except it does not refill as well as it should.
Goes on really easy, but to remove was very difficult!
Magnets are very weak. Can barely put anything in them before they start sinking down the fridge.
It doesn't really hold up like I would've expected it's already chipping and loosening up the screws where the money goes. It's like whatever
I am pretty good with electronics. I used this to replace the battery (despite somewhat mediocre instructions) and it still did not work.
These fall apart way too easily for my 3rd graders to use. Would not recommend!
If you don't care too much how the print outs look it's ok but there will be ink missing in certain areas and lines won't be straight. They are squiggly lines!!! Don't use it for a resume or anything important. Straight lines are not straight.
Xmas gift for my husband....it did not fit his keys and because I ordered early for a holiday gift they would not allow a return/exchange.
The quality of the brushes is quite poor, with bristles coming out and not cut off ....
The only reason I'm giving this such low review is because it's so difficult to clean. When a pen leaks, it also leaks all over my desk and never seems to get all off.
You get what you pay for.
Too light. Slides around.
Not worth the money. Very disappointed. Before I put anything in it, it slid down the board. I had to make modifications on it so I could even put a pen(s) in it. I should have sent it back before wasting more time and money.
2 of the 4 are falling apart and I've just starting putting documents into them. I thought the price was great but it's not worth it to save money if I'm going to have to replace them in a short amount of time. On one set the plastic is torn and the cardboard inside the binder is showing -- it arrived this way. On another, one of the rings is gaping so paper will eventually fall out. I expected better quality.
This planner is very small. (I should've read the dimensions better..) Also, I don't like that the Summer months aren't in here since I am taking Summer classes. I would also like it if the months were not on different pages.
Would not order gain. It is very strong tape but hard to roll out onto package. It's almost as if it were left in too high of heat for storage. ALSO-- the smell is horrible. Smells like garlic and paint thinner mixed. Odor lingers for hours after use
Came damaged but don't have time to wait on a replacement. Disappointed.
Does not fit! My Ninja has 6 fins as does this blade. I ordered the Ninja cups to match the correct blades. Cups and blade fit, but not yo my Ninja 1100.
The zoom is not good
I like that they give you two sets, though the color is very weak, and it runs out pretty fast. After getting the stabilo boss, that I use much more, I understand this was a waste of money.
not good for photo printing. very sticky
Really cheap and flimsy thin plastic, not even worth 1$
Colors are nice but the steel part is flimsy. The box looks authentic but i question the authenticity of the pens themselves. They look like fakes.
I was really excited for these but they don't blend well. The colors don't match the colors on the top, (very dark, even if the color on the top was light) and almost half of them were dried out because the caps had come off during shipping. Some caps are extremely difficult to take off, while others come off by lightly pulling. I don't recommend them, just save your money for Copics. Edit: I was given a refund for the markers. The customer service was very nice and apologized for any inconvenience.
These are just your basic pencils, no different then the ones you can find at any lottery stand which are available to fill in your ticket. I was looking for a quality pencil with a softer black lead that would write dark and clear. That's not these.
Disappointingly not the quality or size advertised so I plan to return both.
More expensive and appears smaller than the other brand I ordered
Have had a little over a year, used a handful of times and does not work any longer
Very flimsy tabs compared to the Post-it brand. Quality over quantity. The tabs are difficult to separate because they are so thin. The surface they are adhered to is also flimsy making it difficult to store at times without the tabs coming off the surface all together. I can reuse the Post-its over & over again. These not so much. I would not purchase again & gave the rest of the tabs to my kids to play with. -Homeschool Mom
Just received my planner and the layout seems great but... What good is it if the planner doesn't lay flat. It's extremely difficult to write anything on the left side because if it's refusal to last even remotely flat. Very disappointing. Also agree pages are very thin and transparent. That's a shame this has so much potential. Awesome layout.
I was hoping to use this on the face of the picture for a project. It says it's clear adhesion. I tested it on a picture and it was very foggy. Disappointed I can't return it due to "safety concerns". I have the box and air cushions it came in.
All broke within less than 2 months and were barely used. Look pretty but durability is bad. The ink in middle gets pushed up so you can't even write with them anymore.
This was nice. Its a bit smaller than what I expected.
After about 10 months of light use, the motor on this sharpener just gave up. We had been using power directly from an outlet, so it definitely wasn't a low battery issue. The blades are still sharp, though, so it's now a relatively good, oversized, manual sharpener.
Very disappointed. One marker didn't work at all, and the other is very faint. Not recommended.
I bought these instead of the pens I had been using. Portability is good but ink supply does not last long and they are not comfortable to hold and write. I do like that they are NOT multi-colored ink even though the pens are differing colors.
very awkward.....takes up too much desk space
The right leg snapped less than a week after I got it.
This chair had decent lumbar adjustment (in terms of more/less support) but since it couldn't be adjusted to the height of the person sitting in it, I think it will leave a lot of people wanting more control and potentially causing more problems for some. Mesh backs are always a plus in my opinion, so it has that I guess. Someone mentioned the neck support being useless because it would fall back with the slightest bit of pressure. This is not entirely true, you just have to have an extra allen wrench to counter-spin one side of the bolt while you tighten the other. While I was able to tighten it enough to use, I couldn't ever find a position for it that felt natural or useful for me. By far the worst part of the chair was the seat pad. Not nearly enough cushion for me. I'm 6'3" and weigh about 215, so it may feel better for others that aren't as big. But for me, it felt like I was sitting on a metal plate after about 20-30 minutes. Having gone through several chairs in my time, I know the padding on these wears thin after sitting on them for 6-8 hours a day, 5 days a week. The fact that this one hurt after such a short time period was a red flag. Amazon was very quick to help me with the return and provided great customer service regarding the matter.
Arrived in time, but inferior quality. Broken. More like $7 quality than almost $20. Disappointed.
So, this card was made from sturdy card stock, looked nice, and played music but unfortunately it did not work for us beyond playing music. I followed directions and it was simple enough. I have used similar cards in the past. I was bummed it didn't work. So for us, it was waste of money to just play music for that price. We ended up ripping it open to get the confetti out. So it's kinds hard to rate this product from my experience because it looked well made but and played music just no glitter cane out. Maybe we got a defective one. I didn't read any previous reviews.
Laptop part does not stay up straight I brought this a while ago and just started using it I'll have to try n sell it on eBay and order a different one
Crushed easily and tore. Would not buy again
Strongly disliked the fill in the blanks. They were unhelpful, and almost felt like I was playing a weird version of Cards Against Humanity when I was trying to write serious things to my grandmother, who has Stage 4 cancer. Was unimpressed with this.
They have a great feel but they don't write well. They are fine point - which is okay, but the ink does not come out fast enough for the point which makes the writing very faded. I give them away for free to clients just to get them out of my office.
Not happy that this was NOT a genuine foot, but it works with very thin fabric. I would not recommend this to anyone wanting to use this for quilts or quilted material.
This desk is nice, but it can't be used with an iMac. I purchased it for one monitor and one 27" iMac and it leans so far to the iMac side that pens placed on the desk roll off.
Was not impressed with this tape. It's cheap enough. And maybe that's why it's hard to get to cut off when you try to test it off on the tape dispenser?
Get what u pay for.. Cheap tape... Sticky last 2 days..!!!!
I will try to use it, but will have to see as I am used to more spaces .....
Waterslide doesn't want to slide off after soaking in water. I've ruined several by trying to pull it off.
Great product. Unfortunately the software is messed up by Kaya Projectors. YouTube and other softwares stopped working after a few days. Now I have to use a Amazon Fire Stick to have things working properly
I was really excited to receive this board as all the reviews were great and the color of the frame was going to be perfect. The packaging was intact and presented a very nice first impression. As soon as I started to unwrap the frame, one of the corners was completely apart. I tried to use wood glue to fix but It did not stay intact. When I tried to cut the letters from the main holder, some of the 'posts' that are used to attach to the board broke off as well. The color of the frame is a perfect and attaching the letters was very easy when the posts did not break. The bag and the cutters are nice as well. I wish the frame would not have arrived broken as I would have given at least 4 stars.
I bought the brush pens to use them for writing projects but they bleed so much you can't change the thickness of a line 😞
For some reason all my printing so far has come out with a green overtone.
I bought this pack specifically to get the yellow and green sticky notes, and instead, I received red green and purple. Very frustrating that the product description doesn't match what you receive.
Stickers are nice but the marker doesn't work so it's a waste.
I didn't receive the chalk with my order
I wish this thing wouldn't slide all over the place, or bunch up against the desk, or curl over. I wonder if it just needs to be thicker?
I was so excited to get this before Christmas. Much to my disappointment, I find it very difficult to use on the bigger rolls of paper. Eventhough it is expandable, it is difficult to get it to slide along the roll. It works great on the little rolls so i wont return them, but they should make them more flexible.
Fax machine was not easy to set up and only worked for a few months.
This product came and every reem of paper has it's outer packaging ripped up and mangled. This may be due to shipping, but i have purchased paper from other companies that ship to me and never are they mangled and a mess like this box came.
For the money it's barely worth it. Quality is mediocre
It did not last a year. The inside is made of plastic and does hold up.
I liked that the ink lasted as long or longer than most ink cartridges but I didn't like the quality of the pictures it printed. You could see lines in the pictures. They came out kind of fuzzy too.
I got these magnets so that I could hang my purse up each day rather than laying it on the floor. Description states each magnet can hold up to 66 pounds - my purse weighs 5 pounds and I have to use both magnets to keep my purse up.
Sometimes it works great
Paper was nice, same quality as moleskin.. in fact it matches it in almost every way. Unfortunately the cloth bookmark/page saver disconnected itself from the spine. I stuck it back in with tape but the binding is releasing itself from the backing. I'm still using it bc like I said the paper is good, but eh.. going for Moleskine proper next time
Ordered the Grey Black... as you can see the frame is barely painted. Love all the letters took an hour with help to separate. Excited to use but bummed about the frame color
I think we got a defective one, since top was bent upon delivery, we were not able to fit legs in properly. No real way to smooth it out since it has handle like sides.
Very disappointed. I ordered 2 pairs and 1 easel from each set was missing a part.
Stopped working after only 6 months. Will not print properly. I have tried all the maintenance tactics which have not helped at all. Having to buy a new printer now
Doesn't come completely off what you are writing on. Leaves a stain
Color inks worked fine, black ink was not accepted by the printer
No extra ink past the typical setup ink. I would not have paid 10 dollars extra for a USB cable when I already have several extra laying around. I was scammed out of 10 dollars. Not cool
I wasn't aware i was supposed to save the packing slip with a code on it and now i cant find a design program to use my labels with.
So small and kind of flimsy. Wanted to return but shipping back was too costly. Colors are nice.
This is SO cute, but I literally just opened the box & the stand fell off. Can someone help me with this? I love the product but definitely need a stand for it :|
I bought this in April 2017. I bought it because the previous black cartridge would not print, even though the printer reported plenty of ink. I just thought it was old so bought a new one. Now, six months later it will no longer print - again. This is the second time this has happened so apparently the ink drys out. I cannot recommend this ink cartridge. I don't print that much but should not have to buy a fresh cartridge every six months because the ink drys out. They are too expensive for that.
It's a standard whiteboard but it arrived with a dented rim, some of the clear plastic laminate is coming off on one of the corners and there's some strange dirty-like marking all over the board which won't disappear with cleaning. It'll work as a whiteboard but disappointed in the quality just from opening
Cute board but the markers do not show up at all. Pretty much useless without working markers!
I really like the look of this pen; it has that vintage charm to it. Honestly, the look of this pen is what got me to buy this pen in the first place. Unfortunately, this pen will be sent back for a refund because this thing just cannot write. It was hard to start and once it started, the writing quality is horrible. It skips very often; especially when you write a bit faster. The nib is stiff and not too smooth. Aside from its good look, I find that this pen is not functional at all. I want to keep the pen very much but I'll have to look elsewhere for a daily writer.
Not great quality, keeps splitting and does not stick well. :(
Any time you print a black copy only it jumps and skips and doesn't actually print. If you print with color it works better
I bought last Christmas as a gift and they keep having problems with it. I would not buy it again.
Several of the pens leaked inked everywhere upon opening the cap. Good for general household use where pens are easily lost and used lightly.
This mat is cheaply made and does not self-heal. It is impossible to make a hard, clean cut in the fabric because the fabric gets pushed down into the cut and gets stuck. Amazon should specify that this is for PAPER products only and is unsuitable for fabric. As described by the company: Since 1950, Alvin has been one of the primary sources for drafting supplies and drawing equipment. We are a national wholesaler who sells through an extensive range of authorized retailers throughout the United States, Canada, and overseas. We strive to meet the needs of multiple markets with our expanding range of fine art, hobby and craft supplies, our large selection of drawing room furniture, our wide assortment of exclusively-designed products, and our distribution of numerous national brands.
The light doesn't travel very well or evenly through the wire. The light bleeds too much at the beginning. However, my major gripe about it is that after a month of using it, one corner isn't flat while all 3 other corners are flat. It's like it was stitched to the wire too tightly that it won't lay flat. The cloth isn't as soft as others such as Aukey's large most pad. This one is a little abrasive. Despite the flaws, it is ok overall. It fulfills its basic propose but don't expect anything great for its price.
It works however it still shows I need to replace it.
Looks nice enough but there's no way I could slide just one card out. They all came out, which make you look ridiculous. Someone else had that problem and speculated it was limited to glossy cards. My cards are not glossy, though they are embossed--maybe that keeps them from sliding past each other. But I don't think so. The spring pushes the cards together pretty hard so when you slide the top card, the whole lot comes out. They arrived today and I'm sending them back today.
Product is not a full 12 inch wide... but it's good quality just kinda sucks you can cut to 11 and half
This is not the quality I was expecting. It arrived with one side of the card slots unglued, but wasn't worth sending it back--just using it until it completely falls apart. Very disappointing!
If you just want this board to as a white board to write on it, it is a 5 star product, if you want it for it's magnetic capabilities, you will be out of luck. The one I purchased will not hold paper to the board without sliding off and it is the board and not the magnet, I have tried several with the same result.
Love sharpies but the fine points didnt last very long.
Most of the pieces don't fit together like they are designed. I was able to force one set together but threw the other one away as it was more trouble than it was worth. Totally unimpressive.
I ordered 1, tried it & thought it was defective. Ordered another, and partially got it to work but then I had difficulty.
Not what it looks like
I used this product to replace the velcro that holds down the top of my vynal cover for my truck. The first halfway sunny day the adhesive melted and the velcro all popped up. Waste of money on my part....
This planner is very small and thin, on the flimsy side. Partially my fault for not looking up the dimensions. I assumed it would be hard cover or at least a more durable cover. I'm still looking for that perfect planner not too large or small, not heavy but not flimsy either. I might not find it.
The product did not work and a piece on it was malfunctioned. However, seller's communication was prompt and courteous. I had no problems receiving a full refund.
I am giving two stars because there are many that I can't open! They are impossible to pry apart. There are also many that won't close again! I am a teacher that has used these kinds of rings for years, and these are the only ones that frustrated me! Do not order this brand unless you like to feel like a weakling who can't open small rings!
Was to big for my laptop.
The color is gone very quickly.
Received this binder and started transferring things over too it and I noticed when of the binder rings was mis-aligned and/or bent. I'll see how long it lasts. Thought about returning it but decided against it because I just wanted to get my stuff organized and it does open and close properly but pages get hung-up on mis-aligned ring.
The glue on this tape is super strong. Although it is suppose to be a masking tape, I have a hard time removing it from furnitures and walls
Doesn't work as well as other like tape. Some not even water proof worked better
Packaged with the parts loose in the box, so its understandable that a small screw that is very necessary was missing. Overall the quality is just not great for the price.
Was expecting a bit longer than the size i received
I really wanted to like this board. It's very hard to see what you write after the markers dries. I even went and bought different markers( bright, neon colors) and I still can't see anything after the color dries. I ended up ordering a white board.
Print is much smaller then expected. Stamps are not labeled so must remember what color is what stamper.
Istall a LG flat screen but it keeps on dropping angle
This is a fine chair and easy to assemble. HOWEVER, it you are tall, it is a disaster. I am 6'4" and need to adjust a desk chair so that my hands are in a high enough position on the desktop for using the keyboard comfortably. This chair puts me far too low and I feel like I am sitting in a "kiddie chair" at a grownup's desk. I have carefully measured the seating area from the floor, and in the top position, it is the same as the previous desk chairs that I've had allow me to sit "higher". The problem is that this chair's seat cushion collapses when sat on. I guess that's for the sake of comfort, but in reality, that reduces the height of the chair's seating vs. the desk height by almost 2 inches. Might not seem like a lot, but if you are tall, it makes for a very uncomfortable fit to the desk. I now have to with dismantle the chair and send it back to Amazon, or go out and buy cushions to build up the seat -- I didn't buy it for this!
I need a planner for work. This doesn't fit exactly what I need.
It is simply no good
SHOULD TELL YOU TO BUY A DSL FILTER WHEN YOU BUY THE FRIGGIN PHONE !!
Have to reset printer/align cartridges every time i want to print or the printer doesn't recognize the cartridge.
Product showed up with a crease all the way across the whiteboard. This didn't happen in shipping. The frame, back, and the shipping box are all I damaged. This was poorly made.
They fall off all the time. Sometimes they don't even last an hour.
These are extremely small!!
Over half of these markers were dried out when we received them. I love the case and the eraser, but the markers themselves are terrible.
These are the perfect mini size but they are difficult to erase.
Broke after 3 months of use for my kid that is in kindergarten
I bought this for a set drafting class. The rulers are great. My main complaint is that the compass does not lock into place so if you're drawing a circle it does not keep the shape because the pencil portion moves.
No it was a weird setup I prefer my monitor stand over it
compared to what I usually purchase at Michael's the split rings were thinner, cheaper looking. I make beaded keychains and these rings are cheap looking. They are the correct size in diameter but the gauge of the wire is smaller than I need.
Every time you pull a piece of tape it rocks so you have no choice but to use your other hand to hold it down. Awful cute, though.
The organizer itself might be ok. Had to air dry it in the bathroom. because the ink got everywhere. The ink pens that came with it leaked when i took it out the package i opened it on my bed, Yeah i know what your thinking. But i do my bills in the bed. ink on comforter, hands, remote. Threw the ink pens away. Will update review.
I thought I would get one of each color. I got one pink and three silver. I feel magical when using them and like how they are gel pens
Not worth the money. Works that best I can say.
These pens are full of ink inside, but are all dried out.
Did not like it at all. It leaked plenty and didn't work at all.
I like the concept of the item but I think the execution is poor. The first time I used my fuse tool on it it pretty much melted a hole right through it which seems pretty pointless.
It comes with several things and is very cute. However, the calendar is too small and it's pretty hard, if not impossible, to write any information on it. Plus, it doesn't help that the markers are not thin enough to be able to use on the calendar. Also, half of the markers don't work. I bought a box of ARTEZA dry erase markers and loved them which is why I decided to buy this set but I am not happy at all with it.
Would not charge in the charger for my ear phones for the tv.
Shipped some boxes packaged with this tape last week. My friend who received the package told me that tape came out in all the packages and UPS guy had to put their tape on it to hold the package.
the cart wasn't what I thought it was, the picture that is shown makes the cart look bigger. once I open the box its really small and not has tall has it shown in the picture. VERY DISAPPOINTED. CANT USE SO I TRASH IT. WASTED 40 BUCKS.
It never worked properly but I kept using because it's cute. After 5 months of use it completely stopped!
These tabs look great but I had multiple tabs that ripped while I removed them from the sticker sheet.
Stopped working after less than 2 weeks (DISK ERROR). Not good.
Purchased these for Operation Christmas Child shoeboxes. Very small and cap (which doesn't stay on well) wouldn't hold much shavings from pencil. I will need to send several in each box as I am not confident they will all work. Flimsy cardboard box arrived damaged, probably from normal handling through post office...one small piece of scotch tape on the side of box, 2 small pieces on one end and NONE on he other end, so I am sure some 'spilled out'. Won't order again.
I bought several of these tapes that were supposed to be original Brother. They were not. There are a ton of companies that counterfeit and Amazon is selling them. The Brother tapes are supposed to be shiny. Look on the back of the cartridge for the holographic image. I had to send these tapes back because they were no better than the compatible tapes, which were a fraction of the cost. The compatible tapes stick fine to flat surfaces, it is only when you try to put them on the spine of a book that is smaller the the tape width that the clear part can separate. I would rather deal with that and save money.
Works terrible on carpet
This product was very hard to work with when trying to input a document inside the protector. Too much static, not sure. Otherwise, it is as stated.
Received on time but did not have a pen....really?? Really thought it'd have one especially since it shows it in the picture and why on earth would that be a separate purchase when it's essential for the function?/
It prints nicely when it's plugged in to my computer. My recommendation is to buy a 15 or 20 foot USB cord with this and then sit that close to the printer. I cannot get the wifi print functionality to work at all. I've tried running updates, I've tried it on 3 computers and 3 phones and it's hit or miss at best. I'd say it prints wirelessly maybe 6% of the time. Usually there is a multi step process of finding it with my computer then finding it again and again so I can get it to print. In order to do that though, I have to sit right next to it to prevent it from sleeping because that is when it all goes to hell.
I guess it's not a bad thing that's it's so hard to click open. But it's annoying when I'm fumbling to get out a credit card. I would not buy this brand again.
Felt cheap, was missing 2 items ....forgot which ones.
Cardboard backing is not hard enough. I thought it was 3 pak and it was only one. I ended up paying a ridiculous price of $18 for 1 pad.
Very small. Doesn't hold much. Not happy with size. Would not reorder.
This was way smaller than I expected
I put it in the pen case, and one day when I saw it there is a crack on the case. The pen case is usually in my backpack, so there is rare chance things happen like this
It is not the length of a full size keyboard and the material is already wearing out after about 2 weeks
Bubble wrap is very thin. I have to use 2 to 3 times more to make sure item is secure and safe. I would not recommend.
Just got them so I can't review how durable they are. But I ordered a 10 pack and their were only 8 in the bag. The sticker on the bag even states 10. Y'all need some serious quality control.
About 1/2 of these dried up. My printer would see them as full because they were, but the ink would not flow through the cartridge. I had to buy brand ones. The seller said he/she would give me a refund. I got the shipping label and sent them back. Still awaiting the refund.
The tape is indeed sticky but getting .the layers separated is annoying and frustrating. It did not work for the very light weight project I purchased it for. Disappointed with the product and the price is costly.
I can't get these to consistently print through my printer. I know I've had other card paper that worked fine. But these jam nearly every time, or the one time they didn't jam, printed crooked on one side. So I'm going to ask Avery to make good on their satisfaction guarantee.
Great product for the money!
I have used this product many times, with success, but on this last cartridge, the sensor part of the unit was loose and finally came off, making it unusable. File 13!
I ordered a blue and green one and received a pink one. I don't want pink but need it so I am not taking the time to send it back. Bummed.
Comes with a 90 day warranty - and stopped working after about 100 days! Will no longer heat up.......
Cheap China pens no better than a Bic pen. Will let the minions steal these.
The cards come flat but they are indented where you must fold them in half. They folded evenly. The quality of the card stock is great, it is thick and there is a medium gloss to it. The illustrations are lovely and well done.. I felt they were a good deal for the money and I was happy with my purchase until it came time to seal the envelopes. According to the seller's description, "Simply moisten to activate seal adhesive." Mine have no adhesive and I must use a glue stick to seal the envelopes.
the product i ordered was black and the one i received is red
Tripped to circuit every time. Updated the firmware, still no fix. Bought a Canon laser printer with similar features which works without any issues. Glad I could easily return this one. When the brother printer worked, it worked well. WiFi printing and setup was easy but they want you to install all of their miserable software with the drivers. Not worth the hassle.
The bird has to be jammed into the house to stay, and is made of very cheap plastic.
This isn't strong enough, I used it on Elmer's clear glue and used the entire bottle, slime is still sticky, better off using borax or contact solution
The mark of the markers is hard to erase off. I had to use a wet napkin to take the marker off and even with that, the marker was still visible on the calendar.
Cute idea but that is about it. The dispenser doesn't work well.
the ties came apart first time I used them. I would not recommend them.
did not perform poor results
The hardcover is basically cardboard with raw edges. It can easily bend, and if it gets wet, it is ruined. I'm terribly disappointed.
I wanted to love it, but it's just too difficult to get pens in and out. The straps look like they need to be majorly stretched (and I stand by that after the struggle to get a pen through) and overall it just doesn't work for me. I hope it works for others.
Magnetic clasp did not work. Returned because of this, but liked the look of the profile.
I only used the pen. The "LOVE" holder is cheap and chintzy plastic
It's common to fold a piece of typing paper into half. It won't fit into these pockets. Needs to be just a couple of millimeters wider.
For all you people giving a rave review, have you tried removing this stuff yet? This will straight up peel the paint right off your walls. I would not recommend this for sheet rock. Ruined several spots on my walls. Some may wonder why I used it after the first peeling? I though perhaps I used too big of a piece. No. No matter what the size tape, it will ruin your walls.
Horrible product, stopped working all four colors ran out after 200 pages. That is ridiculous.
They fit but I have to change them quite often because they are thicker that the name brand
The zipper was catching whenever I would try to open or close the case. Eventually breaking not even 2 hrs after I received it. The case looked nice and durable, however with the zip breaking so easily was a big disappointment.
I've been using Sharpies for years and thought this was a good deal. However, half of the Sharpies were dried out and worthless upon opening the packages. So, not such a good deal. Perhaps these were old stock? Who knows.
It's small and not that helpful for the price. Might be occasionally useful.
Great gift my friend highly enjoys it
my husband did not like it
Not very good quality
It was not animated like the competitor brand, and was boring by comparison. I returned them.
Handle ripped off after 2 months of use
I didn't like these pencils I ordered them because of the good reviews you have to press hard and the type of pencils isn't smooth so it hurt my hands. I ended up returning them. The packaging arrived in good condition mine came in a nice box none of the pencils arrived broken I personally don't like them.
I like the colors of the pens but the one package I received had tape wrapped all around it must have been a return and the packages were very dirty. These we def overpriced for the condition they were received in.
cheaply made look good but breaks too quickly
This is not bad, would be much better with a note taking page on the reverse side!
This laminator was amazing for a couple of years. Then it just stop heating up. So disappointing because I am a teacher and only really use it a lot at the beginning of each year. I went to use it later in the year and it was dead.
Too soft and too small
Ordered the nursing edition, received the medical edition
My bag came with a rip in it and the markers don't last long for the price.
Handy but only gave one mounting adhesive. Is there any way to order more in case you mess up or nerd to relocate?
Until today, I could print once and then needed to restart to print another copy, and it wouldn't connect to WiFi. Would have returned if I'd made the 30-day window. New driver release makes it work, so I'm giving it a 2/5.
I like the format but now I wish I had purchased a planner with thicker paper. I just put my name on the first page and it shows through the July calendar on the next page. The description says good quality paper that resists bleed-through but it doesn't say anything about using a regular ol' ballpoint pen and the pen strokes show as outlines on the next page. Maybe if I write very lightly with a pencil it won't show through but I live in my planner for a year at a time and this feels very "cheap".
When I plug the fan into my phone, it only runs for a short period then stops and the phone restarts. This then repeats.
Very fragile and break easily
If I had not needed a single yellow envelope NOW I never would have bought these. Office Max!
Broke easy off my husband key chain
I was excited to find some reasonably priced coin rolls, because let's be real, who really wants to pay for these anyway? But upon putting the pennies in one of these wrappers, I noticed there is barely enough extra to fold over the ends. So I guess I'll be taping both ends until I use these up. Don't waste your money on these!
a little smaller than I expected - had to return them
Very pretty colors although very thin. Would not purchase again.
The dispensers cutter edge cant cut through the tape! The tape is too thick!
Boxes are very heavy so if you want something that won't crush, these will work. However, they do not fit right and there are gaps when trying to close the box. Very frustrating. Look bad for presentation purposes also. The prices are decent but not worth the hassle of trying to put them together only to not have them fit.
This case is ok I guess kind of slippery in the hand, looks good and slim all the button work well, but it don't work well with screen protectors it keeps lifting the edges of the screen protector up and it makes it peel off.
Wireless function is poor to say the least took over an hour to connect. Power printer off restart and connection lost
The pens work well but the colors differ package to package and this latest package the colors of the pen don't all relate to the color of the shell.
Was really disappointed in this badge holder.. even if made with real leather, the window is too small for the ID Badge I carry. Other than that, it may have been a good badge holder... I'm sure ill find a use for it, but not what I purchased it for...
Used in the car, does have a cooling effect but depending on how long your trip is.... What I didn't like is this cushion flattens out pretty quick and at that point provides no cushion or support.
Too hard for my condition
Disappointed in delivery. It came totally wrinkled.
I bought this so I could bring breakfast up to my mom, who is bed-ridden. But as I just discovered, when opened and locked, the two sections do not form a flat surface. In other words, both sections are slightly angled, thus making it impossible or awkward to place a plate in the center. See the photograph - notice the gap on the right side. Am returning this ASAP and will buy something else.
Way too small. School planners are usually notebook size this is half the size. Not functional at all. Too bad, because the layout is great
Clips aren't strong enough to hold up towel.
Some pens I could not even smell anything
Nice that LD bundles toner and drum but it falls short. The issue I had was with the drum, I've used many refurbished over the past 15 years and I realize refurbs won't have the same print quality as new, Brother drums, this drum didn't even meet these standards. This drum unit printed ghosts on the right side and the print was light throughout, but on the right side it was very light. Printed a couple of hundred copies just to be sure. I tried several toner cartridges in this drum unit without success. Can't comment on the toner cartridges since the drum didn't work as expected.
Although the lanyard was sufficient the clear plastic sleeves were not. They tear when you open them. I would like replacements as soon as possible. I'm not sure if it is cheap material but they are not strong enough. Thank you
They are all so large they will take additional postage. I was hoping for traditional sized cards.
The Envelope adhesive was applied to the wrong areas so when you fold the envelope the 2 self sealing adhesives don't line up. I had to tape each envelope because even liquid envelope adhesive sealer didn't work because one side of it was hitting the self sealing adhesive. The pic shows and outline where the adhesive hits and how the 2 sides don't line up. The forms were good and worked with QuickBooks fine.
I love the product it's very nice, great for the summer heat, but when i ordered a bunch in Black color. it was delivered in Blue color with no explanation.
I bought 6 key chains for my co workers and I'm returning them because the quality of the leather is poor. Specifically it's dry and the first one I opened had cracks in the leather within 10 minutes. I would not recommend this product.
Flimsy product. This will only work for slim laptops and tablets. I did not feel comfortable using this with my beefy gaming laptop.
I was excited to receive the pen since I am a huge fan of Montblanc but it wasn't the one pictured. The one I received looked completely different from the one ordered. 2 stars because it was a Montblanc but not the one I wanted.
The money clip itself it ok. The silver is nice but the initials were wrong. They asked for first initial, last initial then middle initial and they obviously should have put the middle initial in the middle but we got ours as the last letter. The other issue is that you cannot really tell that it's letters. It just looks like a graphic design so wanting your initials on this money clip is a waste of time and money.
I did not like that 3 of the pens do not work
Did really like the color so I sent them back!
I tried using it on carpet and laminate, and it just slides easily...
The headset only worked on one of the handsets of my cordless phone system. Even though I only used it twice a month, after a year it stopped working there too. When plugging in the handset, I had to wiggle it around until it connected and I could hear. When if I moved the cord at all it would disconnect and I couldn't hear anything.
Nice product but so much smaller than I thought. Had to return.
This stretched, but did not actually stay wrapped on anything! it just sort of hung on whatever I wrapped it around
The pens had different ink levels, so I'm assuming they've been used.
These envelopes were way smaller than listed. I could barely squeeze a 6 by 9 book into what was supposed to be a 6.5 by 10 envelope, but which measured much smaller. Kraft needs to be more accurate in their measurements.
The product is really nice but the green ink bottle was leaking and it stained everything in the box. There was almost no ink left in the bottle.
It didn't stick and had many air bubbles, even after using the cloth and following the directions on the package.
Pen doesn't write well. Ink does not flow well and is hard to write with, like the ink has dried in the cartridge.
I took stars off because this product came bent. I was still able to use it, so I didn't return it, but it shouldn't have been damaged. Would have been heavily discounted if I purchased it from a store.
After having only 2.5 months, the bottom part of the case is peeling off. Not too impressed!!
2 of them were dry on arrival
I thought Epson were a well made product. this is not, it took about 25 sec to print a black & white, color was about 45 sec.One of the worse problem was it sounded like a paper shredder when it was printing.
Replacing another wrist rest with a cloth cover that just wore out after years of use. This looked interesting. Soft enough but smaller than the previous one Biggest issue is that my wrist actually "sticks" to it when I lift up to move around. Not terribly thrilled with this. Do not recommend.
I have To return Bc the packaging is too small and it was opened a few were missing
Cute but they changed colors very quickly.
It's really cheap and the marker quality isn't good. It gets the job done, but it's overpriced.
I'm a 5'8", 140 lbs. guy. So, skinny, but within the mainstream when it comes to body size. And this chair is terrible. I'll start with the worst part: the lumbar support. I have to wonder if the reviewers who spoke positively about spent any time sitting in the chair. It's hard and not near tapered enough, meaning it basically stabs me in the back as I sit. There's no way to disable the lumbar support -- even if I retract it all the way, it still pokes me. The adjustable height lets me choose exactly where I'll hurt later, but there's no comfortable spot and no way to remove the support altogether. The armrests are another problem. The ergonomic recommendations are to have the armrests support your elbows when they're loose at your sides. For me, the armrests don't go low enough -- that is, even the lowest armrest position still forces me to hunch my shoulders. While I paid for the 3D armrests, that was a waste of money. If I try to tilt them inward to comfortably use a keyboard, it makes the back of the armrests so far apart that my elbows can no longer hit them. Perhaps this chair is really great for someone much larger than I am. But I have a hard time understanding how anyone could feel comfortable with that lumbar support.
They did not stick, I had to change them daily and having 2 Type 1 boys, it was a pain. First time I have tried them, so .....now I know
Initially, I gave this product 5 stars. But after a month it's starting to come off my wall. Now I have one off, second hanging on its last thread and waiting for the last 2 to come off.
Inexpensive and it shows. For very light duty use only. One binders clear plastic cover split off when I tried to insert a title sheet. I will use them to organize some papers and put on a bookshelf. If you need to open it daily or even weekly, get something else.
At first I loved this, great price and came with a lot. After only a few months of use the keyboard cover has stretched out and no longer fits the keyboard, and the edges of the plastic case have broke. I use my computer for school purposes, it does not get any rough wear and tear its my lifeline to classes. So pretty sad it could not hold up to my use.
I liked this product very much, but I was counting on 28 bags as advertised, and my package only contained 25 bags. It even said 28 bags on the front of the product..so I am not sure what happened.
Loved the look of this lanyard however the durability was lacking. It is not made to withstand the hands of little ones. It will break with the easiest tug.
If you are a book lover a like to make notes like me, don't buy it because it leaves marks on your page. The pages became not flight because these. Not recommend at all.
These did not work out well for me. They seemed sharp, but I could not get them to cut the string easily.
Not recognizing the black
I haven't had a chance to use the product itself as of yet. I am just so upset about how I received it. It was told it would be delivered one day the we received a message that it was delayed so when it finally gets to my daughter, the box is totally in shambles. It wasn't taped up good at all, dents all in the box and my daughter had to ask the clerk in the mail station to give her some tape just to take the bottom of the box up enough so it would the printer wouldn't fall out the bottom before she could get it home. Then she opens it up and finds that the copy paper we purchased was opened and pretty much all the paper was outside the package. What in the world has happened? Did someone have a field day with my package. I will update once I make sure the printer does work. I'm so pissed right now.
These serves the purpose of sorting mail, however the material is not sturdy so if you have in mind to use it for something else I wouldn't recommend it
literally was digging it till the head broke even though I didn't use it for a long while...I might be a little rough with pens but that's no excuse for it to break with so minimal usage like 5 times or something...I'm sorely disappointed, I guess I'mma go try 'em japanese pencils people recommend them all the time
This Board is NOT MAGNETIC. Only the provided magnets will work. I wanted to be able to use other magnets on it as needed including a magnetic bucket for more markers/erasers and nothing else will stick to it. Also a ton of glare on this thing and we got the white to help with glare. ::sigh:: I would return in a heartbeat but box already destroyed. ugh. So not satisfied.
Junkie, would not order for the price.
sorry, not even 2 months. I dont print much as its for one of the home printers I have. I am sure I didnt print 100 pages, probably not even 50 pages.
It says it dries instantly it is not even dry just sitting 24 hours I don't know how much longer it's going to take but if you go to cut it on your Cricut It's smears everywhere!!
This works, however no matter how much I clean this it leaves black marks on the cheese, and obviously you can't serve fresh parmesan or other hard, white cheeses with a bunch of black cheese mixed in.
I've been using for several months and below are my thoughts. 1. 1 Star for convenience and portability and 1 Star for being battery powered up to 2 hours. Those two features ROCK and you cannot deny them. 2. The problem is, and it's no small problem, the quality is very poor, even when you tighten up the sharpness with the slider on the side of the projector. Reading text is almost impossible unless you zoom in a-lot. I'm a salesman and purchased this for convenient presentations on the road but when I'm demoing our software prospects find it hard to read what I'm showing them. I have to zoom in a lot when I'm demoing and make the text in PowerPoints very large. 3. Another downside, and this may be unavoidable due to the size, is that it's only 1000 lumens so the room has to be pretty dark or the projector has to be very close to the wall or screen you're projecting onto (which limits the size of the projection). This limits the portability and flexibility of the projector...which is the main reason I bought this thing. 4. I tried to use it at home to watch movies and my wife asked me to turn it off after 10 minutes because the quality and lighting was so bad. I agreed with her. I was looking forward to using this on the weekend for a movie theatre experience but unfortunately we can't use it this way. 5. The menu options are mostly in Chinese with some english, I couldn't find a way to adjust the language setting to be all english. 6. If the company has another projector that fixes the issues mentioned above I'd be willing to swap this one out to try the other one and update the review.
Pens came in a bag with a hole. And I only received 5 pens, not the 6 as advertised. =[
Although it looks very pretty in the begining, It looks aged pretty fast. It seems like copper underneath so when it is losing the coat, it looks tarnished. No amount of care can bring back the good coat - I suggest a respray if rose gold.
Cards are nice but came across one used one. Also was short a few envelopes.
It's way thinner than standard stock paper. I need it to make hang tags for my items at a craft show and they were way too flimsy. Not much heavier than normal printer paper.
The tape is too thin I thought it was thicker
I really dislike these pencils. The pencil is lightweight, feels cheap and itself, it's the lead is too small/thin.
Never wrote a review before but these sticky notes didnt stick to anything at all. Bought them for an office activity and they all fell off the walls within seconds of getting put on. Very dissapointed- ended up buying post-its.
My HP Office Jet 6600 was low on black ink. After putting the Smart Ink black replacement cartridge in, printer refused to print. Black ink is shown as full on the display, but printer won't print. Put HP cartridge back in and printed the status report just fine. I will continue to try, but I'm not optimistic. Look forward to my request for a refund.
I hate to write bad reviews, but the fact this table caused cuts on the foot triggered me writing this. I got the package and opened it immediately. The edges are very sharpe, need to be really careful. The draw doesn't really move so I decide to keep it that way. I'm also hurt by some hidden thorn when assembling or setting up the table to my ideal height. It could be dangerous to kids. And I think I will need to find a way to keep me safe on it.
Stood by their 90 day guarantee. Order was over 30 days old and could not request refund through amazon. Emailed them directly and they processed my refund. Toner lasted about 50 prints.
It is a bit snug,and the interior surface is a bit rough, so papers snag on the way in. The whole case is also a bit too soft, doesn't keep documents from getting kinked. It is generally well crafted but not something I would recommend.
I bought these markers for my children. 2 were dried out from the package and the rest dried within a week. My mother bought a giant pack of cheap dollar store markers and work much better/lasting longer. $$ Don't waste your money.
Cute cards but the envelopes don't have an adhesive strip on them for sealing. Not useful if you're mailing these out
It write very light and not able to see it well
Very cute and real looking but can not get it to stop falling over. Wondering if maker would be willing to send another.
About half of the rings are stuck shut, and about a quarter are so loose as to be useless. So if you need 25 3/4" book rings, this box of 100 will be great for you.
Great book but it's tiny. Purchased it with the thought my children can fill it out. No where near enough space on a page for little hands. The book is about the size of a stack of cards.
Labels were nice but the pen was dry.
I bought these because I liked the cover design and it said it has leather covers, but the quality of these journals was disappointing. I like the cover design, but that's about it. The covers are not leather as advertised and the cover material is very thin. The paper is also not good quality, thin with a lot of bleed through. I would not buy these again, you can get better quality journals for the same price or cheaper
I love Tombow products. But this thing...it's like Mr. Glass from Unbreakable. One little tumble across the paper, and everything shatters.
Shipped from China so took a while to arrive. Clip broke off at first use. Left sharp pieces of metal sticking out. Edges were sharp, could have been sanded or buffed down. Edge left a sliver of carbon fiber in finger. Trying to remove it half if it broke off under skin. Had to dig into skin to get the rest of it out. Update: Seller was nice enough to offer a remedy to the situation. Poor quality of the item but ended with a good resolution.
I was in love with this machine when I first bought it and actually purchased 1 for every house- now I am so frustrated with I want to throw it out of the 13 floor window and see it smash into a million pieces!! It doesn't connect to any of our phones anymore, won't print, won't do anything it's supposed to do! I've uninstalled and reinstalled the software numerous times and am encountering the same problems with 2 of the machines I own (I can't talk for the other one because it's at my home in Spain and it was working well the last time I used it)
not quality... like the 5 subjects notebooks
The lasers were off and couldn't be reset. Difficult to use, even with lasers that were centered properly.
Longevity wise don't don't believe we got XL printing longevity.
I TRIED PUTTING ONE COIN IN ONE OF THE CAPSULES AND IT BROKE. THE SIZE IS NOT THE RIGHT SIZE FOR THE COIN, NOW I HAVE NINETY-NINE CAPSULES THAT I WILL NO BE ABLE TO USE. I WILL THROW THEM AWAY.
Purchased this for my husband and although it looked great, it broke within less than a week of using it.
The colors are dull and the pad kept curling up.
They are connected one to the other
Watch adding songs, make sure they are mp3 not mp3 or they do not load on the player
not as fancy/pretty in person as they appear in the pictures.
I guess I missed the "assembly required" portion in the description, because I never would have spent this much on something I had to put together. The wooden pegs used to assemble the panels have some kind of blue adhesive on them that is activated by water. Basically, my entire counter the whole shelf and my hands were covered in blue goop by the time I was done. I had to clean it all up, thankfully it wiped up easily off the shelf and my counter. Unfortunately my fingers are stained blue. I made a couple mistakes during assembly (probably due to the fact that I was attempting to assemble this with two toddlers helping) and when I pulled the pieces apart the boards had already begun to crack. Super cheap. This will work for now, but I'm on the hunt for something else of better quality.
Ordered for my dad. Some of the information was rather wrong for his name. He'll like the background at least.
I didn't like that the only way to pick it up is you have to lock it. I want a box with a latch . Please tell me how to return this box and get a different one. Can you suggest one. One of the springs is broke on the arm where you life it to put your money under it.
I put together my cart and was ready to use it. The bottom section with the wheels broke the first time I wheeled it around. It can't be fixed.
Ordered 2 packages of 80 pieces each package - 180 pieces total. Did NOT receive 180 pieces. Count them when you get the packages!!!
I've purchased batteries before from amazon and they were not fully charged. I figured I would try again. As soon as these new batteries arrived, I tested one with a battery charger. They were significantly below a fresh charge. I'm not sure what the issue is with buying batteries through amazon or if I've just been unlucky twice.
I found that the elastic bands were smaller and tighter than I though. It is hard to fit much in the elastic bands.
We reordered this product and were very disappointed with the extreme reduction in the quality of the product. Alignment is different and weight of label is easily half what it used to be. Won't make this mistake again.
Easy to assemble and get a lot of compliments
The outer paper wrap on both reams of paper were ripped apart inside the box. I'm surprised that the 11x17 paper was not damaged. Whomever packaged this order should be fired!
the toner seems to be ok. However, the drum is pitiful.
At first I thought they were an okay purchase. But the most I've used the more I dislike them. The plastic sailor strip come off way to easily, so then the sticky stuff gets stuck to the items I'm shipping of to the bag itself. Also they have spots were the material is really thin. If I try to package anything that at it's max capacity it just rips apart.
I didn't get my lead for them Where my packs of lead
I bought this as a hunters orange for t-shirts for my husband. The color was perfect. I cut the design and it weeded with ease. After I ironed it on, I realized it was considerably thicker than other brands I have used. It has a "clunky" weight and feel to it and does not stretch. When my husband folded his shirt and put it away, he folded it down the middle with vinyl sides facing each other. A couple days later when I removed it from the closet and unfolded the shirt, the vinyl had stuck together. I gave two stars for the color and ease of weeding. Other than that, this product is a "bust." I will not buy Siser iron on again and will most likely not use the remainder of this roll.
Unfortunately my pen is leaking like crazy, total mess whenever I take it out of the case after being stored for a couple hours.
Look is pleasing. HOWEVER! HORROR chemical smell. I let it air out for TWO days....thought I was in the clear, placed cards into the holder...opened it and that faint smell was there AND now my cards smell like it! If it didnt smell it would be 5stars
So far I'm very pleased with this product & if it continues to work well I'll reorder.
Phone is good but the wall mount brackets are cheap, flimsy, and could not get the top and bottom buttons to engage with the two brackets on the phone. I am very mechanical. Outside of buying a different wall plate (I think) I see no other way.
It was the right size for what I needed but came broken on top. The whole thing was put together poorly. Had to return.
Each year these get cheaper and cheaper. I read reviews about the dates being off and was thrilled when mine was correct. I have ope ed this planner maybe 15 times. It sits on my desk. The spiral portion is already all bent up and the cover easily comes out. The pages are thin and cheap, but this also happened last year. This brand used to be great. I think I am going to have to buy another brand now because it just keeps getting worse. I dont want a calendar that i cant open without fixing the spiral part every time.
Card was packed in a box from amazon with other orders and the card was literally bent around the items to fit. Card was bent and crinkled and the train 3D was smaller than expected when I open d the card.
Only had it about a month and it's already sticking. I use this thing daily, but I expect more from a simple tool.
Flimsy. They break so easily.
Feels cheaply made. Regrets buying it.
We bought them for cutting material in our women's group and they did not cut the material at all. They are only good for paper!
The order arrived from UPS. It was a situation where the labels were just attached to the box of envelopes rather than additional boxing. The box is somewhat crushed, all corners beat up. It looks like is was put in a cement mixer. The saving grace is that the envelopes are fine.
I just replaced my ink cartridges. The color cartridges work great however the black cartridge will not print. It's outside the return window so I guess I'm stuck with it. Probably won't order again since one did not work and not waiting until I run out of ink to order to make sure I can return it if it doesn't work.
It does not seem to stay tight on the surface
Poor quality does not sharpen pencils very well!
Not good quality - but not real expensive either.
BEWARE these are not the large, more common type of tape. Small rolls
I bought this as a spare, haven't used it yet so can't speak to how it works.
This ink is supposed to be for my epson printer but I had trouble because the color was not perfect, my printer would print some documents and then say ink cartridge not recognized even though it still had ink in it and had just been printing. I would not recommend.
Really tough to use. They barely fit a queen, and I had to put them on the king from side-to-side versus top to bottom - not at all the best version of this product I've seen. Also, you have to seal them entirely with tape as they have no adhesive or other closure. Would not buy again.
The dots are not dark enough to distinguish itself and the book is very small.
They yellow was leaking And none of them were not full
UPDATE: The company contacted me after seeing this review and have me a full refund and apology. Adding a star for great service. The leather part is nice and the ability to extend it helps get me in the parking garage more conveniently but the cloth on the strap only lasted a few months. It's already falling apart. Also the circular clip that wraps the extender pops off all the time.
No owners manual only a quick start brochure, In the brochure it is says may not work will all MAC operation systems may have to download driver not on disk provided. No URL to get you there, you have to google it, once downloaded, took for ever to figure out how to get it off duplex printing. Not in the downloadable book - owners manual. Found it on the Canon forum, however never could get it to work out of duplex mode with Adobe professional. Was able after much doing to get it out of word. Then went to scan, forget it, Printer didn't recognize either of our MAC computers. After spending enough time on this over an hour, I just said enough its going back. I never did get the scanner to work with the MAC, just really poor software and documentation. Definitely not plug n play for a MAC. Have a HP printer that works great and was plug n play, just a lot more money for the same features but I guess thats why it was more.
Very thin, no binding, just magazine style staples. Would make good cheap gift for someone you're ambivalent about but obligated to give to. Wasn't what I was expecting, but foil covers are nice addition to a dollar store bit of lined notebook paper,
Like the product for any office job that's small but a huge one don't recommend other then that satisfactory products
Unnecessary sheets included. Doesn't fit in with my schedule for days and no way to change printed sheet. Would be better if days of the week were blank. My trash pickup is Tuesday so I need trash and wastebasket emptying on Mondays so I can get trash can by the road on Monday. Oops! No way to move the days! Maybe days could be on labels that could stick on each appropriate days to fit my schedule! I can only use one magnet sheet. The rest are a waste!
doesn't fit and it is not eligible for return
Bought these to protect a few cards in my wallet but after just a few days, the plastic sleeves bond to the cards. I had to cut and rip them to get my credit cards out. I think having them in a wallet where they get compressed and sat on is the cause. Better for protecting cards in a drawer or purse.
The card stock itself is nice quality, however saying that it is “sturdy” is not quite accurate. I ordered this to create baby shower invitations, however the card stock is not thick enough. Instead, the invitations looked cheap because of how flimsy the paper was. I do not recommend the 110lb paper if you're trying to make cards or invitations.
The Yellow had leaked into the package and was unusuable
I ordered this for the variety of sticky notes in the package. It was really cute, and was a unique idea. Upon arrival the small pink sticky notes were already falling out, and its been about a week and almost all of the tabs have fallen out. I would not recommend this product.
I got these on Amazon Gold Box Deal of the Day for a great price. Pros: The colors are gorgeous, with a great variety to choose from. They are beautiful and vibrant on the page. When adding water to the paper first, then applying the color, the results are lovely; lighter colors, yet still producing dynamic hues. Cons: The brush tips look like a snake's tongue; forked. This makes it impossible to trust them to make a fine, straight line - Instead you get two lines, or more, There are "hairs" of the brush tip that are falling or sticking out from the rest of the brush. Again, making the necessary fine line work impossible. The color of the pen does not match the color on the pen - though this is endemic to probably the majority of other watercolor brush pens, as well as alcohol markers . The Cons make this product much more less than it could be, while the Pros are stunning.
Pulls easily but does not hold a lot per trip. Is tippy also. Ok if you want to make several trips from vehicle up the stairs & in to house. I doubt I would purchase again
Only one cartridge worked.
Should have read the dimensions for this planner because IT IS TINY.
This X16 Phone system was purchased for our small business the callers have complained they cannot hear me sometimes when I answer. I have heard the callers cut in and out several times as I was speaking to them. The caller id only works on line 1. Over all not of good quality. The phone is made durable it seems like cheap components. Auto Attendant you must use an extension example dial 301 for John Doe you can not press 1 for Jane etc... Kinda Annoying.
Updating the review after about a month and a half of use. 1) I wish I had returned it while I had a chance 2) The performance of the speakers was not great to begin with and has likely deteriorated over time. The volume (max) is acceptable in a small room but then you start getting distortion It is clear but too weak at lower volume settings For something that cost $180 this is not at all acceptable. I have now had the chance to compare it with a few other comparably or lower products that some other people purchased, and they are far superior. I got this speakerphone to use with zoom/skype etc calls from my computer and also for bluetooth connected calls from my Samsung Galaxy S8 It works very well connected to the computer. Sound volume from the speakers is OK for a small room, when placed near the upper end of the volume. It is totally inadequate for a larger conference room use. With the bluetooth, even with the phone a foot away from the M2 the results have been mixed. A few times the calls had a lot of crackling. You have to turn the volume to the max to be able to hear the instructions for joining the conference. Once on the conference, the microphone pickup is good -- the people on the other end were not able to tell the difference between the microphone on the M2 vs the microphone on the Galaxy S8. However the speaker volume even on max is not much better than the speaker volume on the Galaxy S8. It may be a little clearer. I may try to attach an auxiliary speaker system and try that out. However, for a device that costs nearly $200 this is quite unacceptable. I am considering returning it and getting the Jabra 510 or 710 or a different brand.
I purchased this strictly for 2 particular colors in the package. I am very upset that those 2 markers are dried out!
Not sure if it is the shipper's fault, the product assembly process, or Amazon's packing inadequacies, but the package of paper arrived in a huge (and I mean huge) box with the paper pad inside (unsecured by stuffing). It was clearly tossed around a lot, and the pad cover was flipped backwards, and the entire pad of paper got torn off from the seams. While I think I can still use the paper, I can no longer easily carry the pad around to my workshops. A great disappointment.
Case came broken. Disappointed. Also not multiple sized paper clips.
I love how the name tags look on the desks, however they did not last very long. After a little over two months into school they were peeling off the tables. It was extremely difficult to change seats because the name tags do not slide in or out easily. Water also soaks through them ruining the name tags underneath.
Crap quality, a bulkier book like this needs a better binding than just some glue. I'll still use it but I wouldn't buy it again.
I am having problems with print quality with these cartridges. I have only previously used Epson brand in the past year before these without any problems. I have done several print head cleaning rounds without success. Too bad, because these are so much more economical. I guess you get what you pay for.
To be fair, I bought this from a third party seller. It was it was in great condition and no mention of needing to buy ink. When it arrived, set up was not easy and once completed, turns out both ink cartridges are empty and now I need to buy additional ink. So annoying because had I known I would've bought them at the same time. Keep that in mind if you are buying used.
Bought to display info about items for sale in my flea market booth. They look fine but... If you breathe on them, they tip over or fly away. No weight at all. Not at all worth almost a dollar apiece. Should have cost a quarter apiece for something so flimsy.
Of the two cartridges I paid for, one leaked and I only got about 3 pages out of it. So it was either used or damaged. Will not buy these online again.
I just opened this pack of legal pads that I ordered about two months ago. I've ordered these before, but the current package is defective. The binding was not done correctly and the pages don't tear cleanly. There is either no perforation of the pages or the perforation is back under the stapled part of the binding. Unfortunately, these were ordered more than 30 days ago, so I can't return them. I'm stuck with defective legal pads :-(
The Crossbar piece (Piece 'C') is supposed to be manufactured so that it can receive the screws to hold it in place. the ends of the crossbar included with this set were hollow and there is no way to attach the crossbar. without it, not sure how long this rack will last before it buckles under weight or just from being moved around. The rack itself would be good quality if it were made per the design and instructions that came with it. However, the quality control is sorely lacking for this to make it out of production like it did.
Worked great at first but hard to clean. Eventually the marker wouldn't come off at all. I used it for a short period of time before I bought a regular calendar instead.
I hate these labels. 1. Not sticky enough! The adhere poorly to manila envelopes, white craft shipping boxes, brown craft shipping boxes, poly bubble mailers and poly shirt mailers and USPS boxes. They look great for about a hour and when you come back, they're starting to peel up. We pack our items in the middle of the night and deliver them next day so they have a few hours to sit before we mail them. I hope the packages using these labels are getting to their destinations with their labels still in tact. 2. There's a perforated 2mm border all the way around the outside of the sheet that separates up the middle between labels. If you peel it from the wrong angle, it peels up parts of that thin border which will stick to you, the label, and anything else while you're trying to wrangle it off. 3. If you print one label and then need to put it back for a future printing session, if there is ANY of that thin border still on the page, it can get caught in your paper feed. If you have to save a sheet for single printing later - remove the border. 4. about 1 in 5 sheets is not completely perforated so when you peel a label off, it tears the label and you have to wrestle it off. I find I have to use scissors most of the time to salvage the label. Many labels have to be taped down to stick well. I will not buy these again. I will probably throw all 600 of them out because they are so useless. I might as well be taping down paper - it least that doesn't try to fight me.
I received a leaking black cartridge, this risk me to buy a remanufactured cartridge.
After two weeks of use, they are starting to leak inside my printer. What a mess. Replaced it with another one from the same supplier. Same problem. Avoid these cheap parts.
Bad fit and causes paper jams.
Markers are barely usable, very weak thin lines.
Just put these in and the colors are horrible. The green is mustard yellow the blue is pink the purple is fuchsia. the quality is horrible. I wish they worked as well as other reviews but these are not good.
These are very, very thin. So thin that it's hard to handle them. I also found that when I put them into my ring binder alongside the other sheet protectors I have, they did not move along the rings as easily as the others I have. I'm returning them.
The blue tabs on the bottom are made of cheap plastic. I have two that broke, (one was broken during shipping) and it makes it difficult to dispense properly.
For its price i would not expect it to have feeding issues, but it does. Ive gotten cheaper ones that work better
I have had nothing but trouble from this unit. It will only print 3 documents at a time and the paper gets jammed all the time. It seems to run out of ink quite quickly too. I am very displeased, and in trying to get ahold of tech support I had to go through Amazon just to get to Brother. I will never buy another Brother product and I seriously wish I could take this one back.
the product is priced great, but the boxes came ruined and the reams of paper were destroyed. Maybe they should consider a different carrier.
funny, but a terrible tape dispenser.
I bought the original set that was supposed to have certain colors but didn't get an orange. Instead there is a turquoise folder. I needed those specific colors as shown for my son's class. But now I still have to go buy an orange folder. I wouldn't take the chance again and order these in the future.
It is a cute notebook and i dont hate it but honestly it is not worth the money. Like the binding is so fragile, i ripped out just one page and the binding is kind of messed up and maybe will start to fall apart sooner or later. I was really hoping to love it it but sadly it did not, so i would not repurchase again.
Half the paper was premium and the other half was a much lower quality! if I could, I would return it
Not sturdy. Falls With any little handling from my desk
Haven't used them because they don't stay on face well. Neither my husband or I have had success with them.
Description should say you must manually fill in dates on calendars & should highlight that it is only good for 6 months.
The package was smashed and ink leaked out of black. The color cartridge was not compatible with my machine it was suppose to be. I think that was because it was not cannon made a refurbish. You should have known that!
The footrest moves and is not sturdy with no way to fasten it down. But it does the job at the bare minimum level of have a place to rest your feet.
Not what I was expecting
So this didn't actually work with our Scott paper towel holder. Disappointed but glad we tried.
This is not my first Fiskars paper trimmer, but my old one was outdated enough that finding replacement blades was tricky. I'm not happy with this one, and haven't even been able to use it yet! Unfortunately I waited too long to open mine, and I'm past the return date. Upon opening to use it, there was a piece of cardboard packaging taped to the cutting surface. When I removed it, the tape left sticky residue that I was unable to remove with the tape itself. So I used my "go to" method of Goo Gone on a cotton pad to remove the tape, followed by alcohol on a fresh cotton pad to remove the oily residue of the Goo Gone. Sadly, the alcohol removed not only the residue, but also removed, or lightened, the markings, the light silver color, and the flowers! I'm not sure how else I could have removed the sticky residue left by the packaging, but beware! This could be a problem for others. 2 stars because it still cuts as intended, but now it's ugly and the faded markings won't hold up as long.
These were super comfortable, but simply didn't last very long. I'm very active and used them all the time, but the wires started 'crackling' pretty fast.
Zipper broke after just 2 months of use. Unfortunately I would not buy this product again.
I have had two of these and both failed on more than one occasion to sharpen a long point on my pencils. Both of the sharpeners jammed and broke off the tips. There is no clear way to clear the jam. The woodless pencils that I tried to sharpen, all failed and broke off.
Poorer quality, the glue wasn't the right kind for a sticky note, was difficult to separate the notes from the pack.
i ordered two brushes but got one and the second one was only box
received. The quality is very general. I don't know how to use it. It is not good as review. Not recommended
It's nice but mine comes with little black dots and edges are dark.
Ordered Oct 13th, Arrived Oct. 31st in a plastic bag type envelope mailed from China with NO cardboard or other protective material inside so needless to say, it came damaged with a crushed corner. The most frustrating point is it isn't as portrayed in the pictures. The little pop-up inside is, but there is no red outer card like shown here, but instead a very poorly printed off-white card so the perforations and border of deep red shown in the picture don't show up at all. The quality of printing on of the flower on the outside of the card is lower quality than the dollar store. It more reminds you of something the 90 year old neighbor sends you from that old box of off-brand cards she has had in her closet since 1962. I am disappointed and suggest you don't buy these if you care about giving something with quality.
It doesn't work and I didn't like it.
I had these board for approximately a week, and pulled the marker out of the attached holder may three or four time before the entire holder simple fell apart, broken into little tiny pieces. On one, it was simply broken before we even received it. Highly disappointing based on the reviews I read before ordering.
Flimsy. Poor quality.
I have owned Royal shredders before and I have been more than satisfied. This model is poor at best. The capacity is smaller than expected and it overheats after 10 minutes of use - 2 or 3 sheets at a time. Not what you would expect from a 12 sheet capacity model with a CD shredder. I'm VERY DISAPPOINTED! The only good news is that the seller shipped immediately ant it arrived earlier than promised or expected.
When they say pocket sized, they MEAN it. Suuuuper tiny. I have good eyesight but I can barely ready the font. Pretty useless, threw it out.
Its easy to break when we fold.
I wouldn't purchase this product again. It doesn't stick to itself well at all, plus it attracts lint and hair.
Didn't catch the "assorted colors" part in the item description until after the item arrived and was not floral. Would not have purchased this planner if I had known it might be just a plain black. Not as expected. Did not anticipate receiving something so different from the primary picture. Will not go through the hoops to return it, but I'm very unhappy.
This kit is very cheaply made. The white board isn't a true whiteboard. It's cardboard with a white, slick finish. Writing doesn't come off well.
This foot rest is made of plastic. My kid wanted to play and stand on the top of the foot rest. Then I heard a cracking sound and felt something was broken. It still works. But when rocking the foot rest, I can always hear noise that some broken pieces are rolling inside.
Cute but not quality. The design of these cards is cute but the paper quality isn't great and all of the envelopes had a weird wrinkle down the front and some of them were stuck shut...
I was so excited to receive this item.. but when I received it, it looked like it was majorly used. Super disappointed. I paid for a new product, not to get a used item.
Nice markers but one of them had exploded and there's orange ink over everything. Had to throw that marker away and spent a while washing all of them. Didn't realize when ordering you can't return these so you're stuck with whatever you get.
All of mine tore at the seams
One of the two included cartridges did not work.
can't write with them.
Definitely not a brushed finish. More like poorly painted with a slick glossy gray.
Returned because it does not come with anything to use to attach it to desk, even though picture shows it attached.
It arrived on time but NOT the color I ordered
Honestly? I wish I could return this. The quality is really bad...
Hate this bloody phone. It doesn't have a very big number storage and the sound is off and on.
The packaging looks used, the purple highlighter writes like it's been used, and the pens inside looks scratched like they were used. Not a fan.
Didn't sound good at all!
way too thin, the tip broke after only a couple uses, and i was even careful because it felt like it was going to break easily
This looks amazing, and I loved it.. but it broke in the first month.
I was expecting the pens to be sturdy and easy on the grip for writing, but, not the case. Better off getting another brand.
I was short a rune. Beautiful but short.
It's a mouse pad, so it functions like a cloth one. Design was and colors were muted looked dingy.. boarding on dirty. Disappointed.
These are nice pens. I got them for pen paying. But as you write with them the tip goes back up into the pen.😞 so it is annoying. But they are pretty. And feel nice weight wise in your hand. Just wish they didnt retract
Where is the Black wing logo? Big disappointment. Protects the point, so I guess it serves its purpose. Doesn't match the images in the advertisement.
Arrived with foot prints on the cover (very dirty) as well as a small puncture affecting the first few pages. This should not have been shipped to a customer.
Very big mouse pad for price. But the smell. Once you took it out of the box, oof. Instantly stunk up my whole house. If you can somehow find a way to clean it(I've tried everything) then you can buy it, but if no, then it's not worth it.
I bought this for my kids and had so many problems! The sticker part wouldn't hold at all. I had to tape it to the wall. Also, once the dry marker ink set, it was difficult to eraser and left a stain or shadow of the text. I was so excited for this product and it was just a let down.
The ink Flow is inconsistent in some of the pens. they are not smooth when writing with this pens..
I love this chair and it's ridiculously comfortable but the straps are poorly made and the product arrived torn
Cartridges arrived without ink! Disappointing
My order says that the mouse pad was delievered yesterday, but it is no where to be found... I had it delievered to my office, but they say they didn't receive it. I know it's just a mouse pad, but I was excited for this little item. I need one for my desk and I have a big love for turtles so this was just going to be a cute little thing I needed. So I'm sad I didn't receive. If it does eventually show up, I'll come and update this review. For now, I'm giving it 2 stars because at least the picture of the product is cute.
While I love these book darts, the case is AWFUL. I could not get the lid off of the container and we had to bend it completely out of whack to get it open. The darts are great, case is terrible.
I found three of those are cracked and damaged. The shipping Box was ok. They didn't see the defect when they are handling. I got refunded.
This is a shoddy product and I do not recommend anyone buy it. The microscope itself is flimsy, probably only weighs a couple of ounces, and the product as a whole is of low quality. No samples are included and the materials to make your own slides are bottom-shelf materials, with almost no instructions or guidance. Both the one-page instruction sheet and the writing on the box were clearly not written or edited by a native English speaker, which adds to the cheap feel of this product. It is possible the original run of this microscope was a better product, but it seems some factory in China has found a cheaper way to crank this out, but quality has suffered.
Bindings break easy. No pen loop. Not recommended. Buy they Lemome.
I bought the set and it worked great until, like other reviews said, a piece on the headset broke. When reading the reviews from others that theirs broke, I thought well I will only use mine a few hours a day and I am very careful, I am sure it will be fine... it was not. I have had it for 2 months and a piece broke that cannot be fixed (the piece that goes around your ear cannot be connected anymore, so it cannot go in my ear). Take caution when ordering this set. The phone works great, but if you are buying the package to get the headset, I don't recommend it.
It has to bee the right type of hardcover or thick enough softcover.....but then the pages cannot be to delicate..... I tried in many diff..but stopped.....on fear it may rip the book.... It is super sturdy....light thick rubber bands.... Better to use for random things ...but not for books....
It was bent and the screws couldn't fit
Well this is crap. Rolling it sideways causes the legs to turn sideways, and break the table. I'll be returning this garbage.
Seems thiner compared to other wash tape I have used in the past. Probably won't work on dark colors.
Its nice i had a different one before that laid flatter and the change holder on out side its a little bulky hard to get in coat pockets.
The width options are great but the tape isnt sticky enough. You have to handle it to a certain degree as it is so thin but when you tough it it loses its stickiness.
I bought these for work and I have been through 2 myself and my coworkers are on their second as well. We have had them 2 weeks so far. One of my coworkers just ended up sewing hers to fix it. We have 1 left over and 4 have come apart of the 10 we bought. I'm very disappointed in them.
Arrived sooner than expected. Color cartridge prints with streaks. Black prints satisfactorily. Head alignment, neither cleaning level or contact cleaning corrected the streaking. Will return and order again.
I purchased these last year and loved them. Most of them lasted through the year. I ended up buying another set recently and I am unsatisfied. The ones I purchased recently look very cheap. The lanyards are thinner and shorter (I had to open the lanyard in order to put it around my neck) than the ones I purchased last year. I plan to return them. If I can get the ones pictured I will purchase again.
It's stiff at first. It also gets dirty easily.
Arrived damaged and dirty. Both packages ripped open and dirt on the the paper
There was no power cord included in the box, so I don't really know how good it is, or isn't. Once I'm able to test it, I will update the review...
Lots of spots and streaks on copies. Just not what I thought but price = quality
Looks good. Sits nicely. One of the screw holes had to be tapped because it wasn't right. And... It broke with a 180lb guy sitting in it and leaned back.
The string to secure the folder at the bottom is way too short. Its extremely difficult to get it onto the securing button even when empty. A few documents and the latching system becomes useless and you will not use it. Just an FYI. Everything else seems ok, just a plastic folder.
the syringe needle did not fit into the ink ports of the printer nor did the plastic tube fit over the same ports. Neither did the plastic tube fit on the syringe when the needle was removed. It was a pure waste of money. I had to purchase plastic tubing from a hardware store. There was only enough solution to properly clean only two inkjets at the most. I will never purchase this product again.
Bad color cartridge would not install.
OK for two pieces of paper; too flimsy for most uses.
Pens try to act like they are running out of ink when they are full.
From the moment I got it, it didn't work. I had to return it and ask for a refund. Their customer service was great though. They refunded me immediately.
I love this brand except for this bag it came in the mail and the color of the pineapples were truly terrible
Ordered a package of 2. Glad I did as one came with a stone missing. These are extremely small. EXTREMELY small. Probably wouldn't purchase again.
Loved the concept. Printer heads got clogged after 9 months of light use. Now useless.
the tape is too flimsy. It doesn't stay on the boxes as well as thicker packing tape and the roll comes apart from time to time. Still better with one than doing it by hand
Ink smudges every 2 inches on right edge of paper, all copies , not quality I need to be sending to clients, learned my lesson , 14 $ for two cartridges , will go back to others I ordered that worked fine, pay a little more , get it done right the first time
These are not what I expected. I bought these to use on the incentive charts but, these are too big.
Just received this in the mail today. I purchased this as a gift for my son who likes to draw. However, after opening it the whole front is covered in scratches and now I wont be able to give it to him for Christmas.
I would not recommend buying those. Mine fell apart in less than a week (and not from cutting through tough materials). They look good but won't last.
For $130, the photo quality is mediocre. I've printed out 6 pictures and they all look grainy.
Had to Return was defective...dry..
I bought this for 8.5 x 11 printed media and I simply could not make it fit due to the bubbles.
Overall this is a cute item and my daughter likes the look of them. Sadly, the magnets on the pencil holder are too weak to hold even the empty pencil holder on my daughter's locker, the rug is much too large for a standard locker and the mirror arrived broken. I'm attaching new, stronger magnets to the pencil holder, cutting the rug to fit and trying to get a new mirror to use in the cute frame. A lot more work than I bargained for and the price of this item is too high for the lower quality. Buyer beware!
The product yes i stable, but very, very, vey flimsy. The lock mechanisms dont lock where i want them and it not very comfortable to sit under either. Plus the handle fell out on it 2 days after i started to use it
Took forever to receive, first package tracking showed it never got picked up, asked for refund, they resent instead, whole thing was a hassle. Will avoid this seller in the future.
Cheaply made, says holds 150 pounds but I would not try. I put 50 pounds of stuff in and was afraid was going to break.
The zippers tend to stick, especially at the start. If not for the poor zippers, I would buy more.
For a party display these may be OK, BUT I was expecting something more like a hollow plastic-all-around pretend gold bar usable as a 3-D prop that could be handled. The description didn't say that not all sides are closed... This product should be able to be correctly listed without omitting important details.
Difficult to set up. Better sound but could be louder.
Not sturdy enough for normal daily use. I went through 3 in the first two hours, as each came apart.
First day of school and 7 students had the zippers come off upon opening them for the first time. Sharpie markers bleed like crazy.
I received double of the ultra fine markers instead of one of each. They didn't care to make it right & send the right product. I only purchased this for the original sharpie make & didn't get those at all. It's pretty irritating.
The mop pads are dry. I was expecting them to be wet like the swiffer mop pads. But I guess if you have the swiffer sweeper mop with the spray feature it would work better! I just have the regular swiffer and it's not very effective.
Didn't last a week after using.
Package arrived damaged. Box inside of packaging also damaged and product separated from packaging. Consider shipping in something other than an envelope.
The color was great, but it was a cheap material and also smelled like fish.
Seams snap pretty easy. Be careful with them
The ink skips. Its basically useless
There are large bubbles in the center of the menu that won't go away, similar to improperly applied contact paper or screen protectors would have. Frustrating because now I have to go to the work of packaging it up, shipping back and ordering a new one if I want to keep it. :( I so wanted to love it!
Larger than I expected, I was unable to work with the big size. Had to send back. Cost to ship back, item ended up costing more than it was worth.
It dropped to the floor once and never worked again. Until then it was fine.
Very bulky and does not snap closed properly so I had to return it
Purchased approx 6mos. ago and at first they worked great. Started noticing issues about a mos. ago when the reception became spotty or one phone would get reception and the other phone would not work at all. Now, sometimes they work and sometimes they don't. Hopefully, your luck with be better.
The matte finished faded and rubbed off in my pocket after 2 days.
Doesn't really work that well. Used on Amazon shipping label tried to blot out my name and address. With a new cartridge I went over and over and over and over and over and when you held label up to the light you could still make out my name and address pretty easily. To be fair it did block out the label on a plastic package just not the manila package. Its pretty cheap but not sure I'd buy again.
Great value until it's not. Yes it's inexpensive, roughly $30 per cartridge but value is also measured in longevity. These toners lose their value when they don't last longer than a few, I mean a few hundred pages at most. Considering that my wife installed the black toner not more then two weeks ago and moderately printed and is almost out is highly annoying and frustrating. Now it will cost me more to buy more toner and this time stick with the HP brand, bought at the store to ensure against fraud, to feel that cost and value are more in line wih what I've expected from experience with my old, all black toner that easily lasted a year of moderate printing. With a new color printer, the cost is much higher per cartridge, making the purchase of high quality toner even more important to get a print yield that will last longer than a thousand pages. I will pass on this brand for future refills.
These are beautiful colors but they dry out too quickly. In fact, the pink pen did not work. I am very disappointed in this product because I usually buy this brand of pens and use them.
Won't click in the browser. I have tried changing the browser type multiple times, and for some reason the app store doesn't work.
It is really cute IF you can get the paper out of the stamp. It is really close together and made oddly so that when you punch the paper it gets stuck inside of the punch and you have to find something to fish it out. Very disappointing. I wanted to like this punch so badly.... Oh well.....
Not sure where to use it. It feels misplaced.
The item was stolen from my address
This product is okay but not what I expected. With sheets of address labels I'm used to there being a line of extra sticker between, which there isn't. I guess it doesn't really matter, it just makes for a very rectangular label instead of one with nice curved edges. It also came from China which I didn't realize before purchasing.
I intended to purchase this product to separate tableware and / or the spatula drawer. The cubes are too tall for that as it cuts your fingers when it rubs up on you. Also, if I were to rate the value, I would say they set is worth about $1.50 and not what I paid. These may be good to organize taller, small items like nail polish. But then you would not be able to see what color of nail polish it is. I gave them to a neighbor and would not consider purchasing them again. Disappointed.
After only 5 weeks of owning this presenter, the laser pointer has malfunctioned. The presenter still changes slides, but the pointer does not work. Very disappointing.
Anyone else have a problem where the screen when pressed upon lightly creates lines that take a while to go away?? Trying to figure out if defective.
Nice craft folder but is bigger than the pocket size travel notebook that it came with. You can't use it with the inserts the cart holder pocket and the folder because there is to much over hang. Just not very happy.
Absolutely terrible, no pigmentation, tons of fallout!
The color is so nice and good, but half of the pens has broken. It is so sad.
I will not be recommending this product to anyone.
It would be OK if the light worked. The light went on and right off permanently.
It's ok but my bf pops the latches quick he opens it everyday so it doesn't last. It would be nice if it had a steel latch or something that will hold up
The markers were packed in a padded shipping envelope with other items (which is fine), however, all of the markers were out of their package and 3 of them had lost their tops. I had to search the envelope to find the 3 marker tops. Not very happy about the way I received the items.
I don't know how to judge these I know they're not original but from the description I understood they're supposed of work just like the original. I don't think the quality is the same
Color cartridge ran out quicker than expected
Nice but they took 3 weeks to get here and I needed them for a mass mailing so stressful
Does not erase thoroughly. Disappointed!
Color cartridge is rejected by printer due to printer cartridge error. It does not work even after removing and replacing numerous times as recommended by seller. Black cartridge works without any issues.
The colors are really hard and not wary to cover areas.. more like for kids
My own mistake for not reading the measurements. But much smaller than their advertised pictures portrayed.
When you look in the mirror, the image is not mirror image. It's is messed up. It's like looking in a concave mirror.
Three out of the four cartridges are functioning just fine, it's too soon to comment on longevity, however one arrived damaged and I can't find any way to contact the seller to arrange for an exchange or replacement of just one cartridge and not the whole set.
They advertise that they are selling you 328 ft. Of twine. The package says that it contains 300 ft. Wtf.
Don't recommend this product ... it's cute and a sturdy case but there is only one position it can stand in and that's super frustrating!
I love the layout and the size of the planner. It is perfect for what I needed. However, the bottom 5 plastic clips immediately broke off on the cover when I first opened it. While the planner is still usable, and I plan on keeping it, I will have to be careful for the next year while using it so the remaining plastic clips don't break off and the cover won't be able to stay on.
I really like the cover but it cracked on the side the first day I had it.
It is not stable, and impractical
very heavy and bulky. The "pretty" part just flips over. Too bad these are not returnable items due to the producer return policy.
I thought warm white would be a light white, like not a pure white, but more like an off white This is more cream color than white. Very disappointed. Update: They refunded quickly without any problems. So, I added another star from the one I had previously added.
The notebook is sleek and looks nice but the interior binding is flimsy and comes loose quickly. You get what you pay for.
I have owned other Kaweco pens in the past, and loved them. Recently lost a cherished Kaweco Sport and sought to replace it with this. This pen feels incredibly cheap, the plastic is light and flimsy, unlike the one I had in the past. Not sure if this is not an authentic Kaweco, or if they've just downgraded intensely. Really disappointing and not worth $20. Will not be purchasing again.
After installing the 1st one there was an error that the cartridge isnt compatable. How ever the 2nd one works fine.
Paper jamed on second print Will not work at all
Blue tooth is not possible unless you use a transmitter which is difficult to figure out.
These are too long for products. I have to cut them down to fit and it is really annoying.
The top brackets on this unit extend beyond the width of the door, colliding with the door header jamb and keeping the door from closing. I managed to hang the unit from two garment hooks that were already on the door, and I used the wire tray in another place, so I am using them, although the hooks are higher than optimal on the door.
The V600 does a great job scanning, but it is very slow scanning film and slides.
They are light weight but I guess I thought they would be better quality for the price
Does not work as intended...the attachments that came with the gun keep jamming up...I only got it to work twice before I gave up and tossed it in box ...file it under another useless tool
This tiny box was shipped with a little boys rash guard in a huge box and resulted in me having to pay $144 Trinidad dollars to have the item shipped and delivered to me. Please be more mindful of the packaging choices. Even though it's free shipping in the US, we still have to pay to have it shipped to our country 🙁
Feels cheap. Not what I expected. I was expecting in high quality. Not even worth the wait
The pages are very thin.
These boxes are just cheap all around. The cardboard is weak compared to other similarly priced boxes, and the corners don't match up which causes the flaps to not line up and they hang off the side of the box. If you are using these for shipping it really affects the first impression of your product. With that in mind I can't even use these boxes.
I wanted this printer because it was wireless. However, the quality of this printer is horrible. It can rarely ever recognize that the paper has been fed into it and will say there is no paper, and takes me multiple tries for it to actually read the paper. This happens every single time I print. I also experience a paper jam every time I try to print. Low quality, malfunctions often. Do not recommend.
I order this paper for our office. It arrived out of its packaging and very messy in the box. There was little packing bubbles with it. Some of the paper was wrinkled.
They have a logo on the front that isn't in the photo
Got 4 of the same print and the other two were very boyish. So she will be able to use 1. Would not buy again
The suction seal is way too hard - the magnet is way to weak and the putty inside the two bases is a great idea but gives way after a few days and trying to break seal with the insanely strong suction making it annoying to shut the door. I tried putting a HAIR of powder on the pad to soften the suction connection and just rely on the magnet - that was useless because just under the weight of human thought the door would come free and shut again. This is a slick idea - just not how it's executed.
This is an ok pen. It does write nicely, but the pen itself feels very cheap. I was expecting a slightly heavier weight, more substantial pen as well as better construction. It does not come apart and go back together very well, again feeling like it was constructed cheaply. The pen feels a bit more like a plastic pen than it does brass. The pen also came with a few discolorations and scratches, which I understand will happen with raw brass but is disappointing for a brand new pen. For the price, I was expecting a much nicer pen.
The telephones, themselves, are OK and easy to setup. However, the screen which shows incoming callers, stored data, etc is close to impossible to read and you can't brighten the screen to improve visibility. I have good eyesight but can't easily determine, fo example, incoming caller unless I shine a flashlight on the screen. Unfortunately I can't return these phones for a refund and so will dump them and purchase a set that has a screen display that easily can be read.
I would describe this as medium duty rather than heavy duty. Also, as you use this tape, it has a really bad smell. I would presume it is the adhesive. Hopefully the fumes have no harmful effect.
Geez, I so wanted to like this scanner since I figured out I could use it watching TV and scan family photos. The view screen is fantastic and it's really easy to use but there are 3 issues with this, first I didn't get an SD card with it, second the scans aren't great and third it is a dust magnate! I couldn't keep the dust off even when I cleaned it and I wore nylon gloves.
I am very disappointed in how fragile the product is. Each one broke after 4 months of use. The wire snapped apart where the small cylinder for your o-ring attaches, on both of mine. I attempted to reattach both but the spring in the inside is weak and is difficult to tighten.
Though the case was efficent it was not put together well. I had it for about a week and it fell apart.
Works well, just don't drop it. I opened the box and one was already cracked open. Another one fell out the box and split in two.
Technical is everything when I buy electronics. I just purchased the printer and the set up it not as easy as it seems (at least not for me). I have been trying to talk to someone in tech support for two hours but I keep getting referred to online support. Online provides more literature to read through to get the problem solved. I will return this product and go back to Canon. They gave me great tech support and the agents are American so there are no language barriers to frustrate and prolong the process.
Buy a headset, you are better off.
Every single page is the same writing call mom. I was hoping to have different quotes. But to my surprise every page was identical. After using a couple pages I realized this is just repetitive and not really serving it's purpose, so I just had to return it.
I was trying to get a decoration for a bulletin board, and I thought these were inspirational sayings with adhesive on the back, just slightly smaller than another product that looks very similar on Amazon. Unfortunately, it's just an overpriced pack of regular 1" stickers. My fault for not reading carefully. They are too small to be read on a bulletin board. More like what you would put on a child's homework as encouragement.
They are barely holding together and one piece was broken. They're the only affordable option I could find with the dimensions I needed so I'm making the best of it. It is also annoying that the shelves slide out with the paper and don't fit securely.
Super cute and shipping actually wasn't that long. Loses points because within a week both of us had lost our halves. Please make a better keychain.
Its nice for the price you get what you pay for but deffinetly cheaply made
These pens are fairly priced and write nicely out of the box. My 4th grader was super excited to use them for school. But the love affair didn't last long. After a week of use, his first pen has already run out of ink. Very disappointed that these pens don't last — because otherwise, I'd be buying them again.
Most of the cards had a yellow or discolored area in the middle of the card on the side with writing.
Arrived broken & missing pieces. LOTS of wear on the outside of the case, as if it had been scraped along a rough surface for a prolonged period of time. Wish it had arrived intact, was really looking forward to using this!
Great to use in a bind. Not sturdy. Some actually broke during my move and I lost some dishes.
I am very disappointed in this set. They don't work like they should. Not easy to use.
Corners were all dinged up
Im not a fawn. You have to have it on a specific desk type and my desk is not that type.
The product is a good idea but needs to be make a little more durable. Can not hold much weight.
Disappointed. Ordered twice and both same issue the gold from tag was pressed into the case. Something I don't expect nor should tolerate from a brand like Kate Spade. Hopefully that gets fixed
Wish I had purchased a printer with larger capacity ink cartridges. One more like the HP printer that I needed to replace.
My mother wasn't able to use it to hold her paperback books.
Product was damaged during shipment and arrived unusable. Wasn't protected in a cardboard roll. However customer service was great with refund.
When you write on the paper with the pen it keeps skipping.
Smaller than expected but I guess I should've read the description more thoroughly. I just assumed since it said resume portfolio that it would fit standard legal documents. It'll do for now I guess. What bothers me most is that it came with white stains. Like a waxy residue. Great QC, could've at least caught that and took care of it before shipping but that would require "maximum effort" I guess. Then when the package was delivered the notification says it was "left with resident" which was a complete lie. It was left in front of my gate in the open instead of behind my gate which the driver could've easily done but again that would require "maximum effort".
The plastic inserts are nice but the clasp on most of the lanyards will not close all the way. At least I didn't spend much on the whole bunch.
It was supposed to have 9 birthday cards and it only had One.......I needed the birthday cards the most.
Terrible cheap material. Harsh quality and the cushion is not comfortable at all.
This model is a little bit small and slightly uncomfortable to use. I'm a male but have relatively skinny fingers and I have to make sure to get my fingers on the widest part of the remover. The corners at the widest part of the remover are a little sharp and can make it hard to apply enough force to remove a staple without poking yourself.
To remove the double-sided rubbery clear tape from the red covering tape is an ordeal. There are no instructions. I had to put the roll in the refrigerator for a few moments so that it would not tear while being removed. I installed a solar light on a brick wall with the entirety of the back of the unit covered with tape. The next morning there it lay tape and unit on the ground in a mud puddle, bye-bye 25 dollars. This may work on very lightweight applications but I would not trust it on a picture. One of the worst purchases,whose own bullet points oversold it resulting in a scathing review which I almost never give. A good idea with more bugs than an infected download. Sorry to the company but I tell my real experiences.
Great concept for a mini calculator. When stored in a wallet or purse, they don't see much light, leaving no battery charge. The buttons are not made for adult fingers.
I received one correct order out of two. I checked my receipt which I had received from the company ,it had the correct spelling but that is not what I received . They do not stick even through one washing too much trouble to return. I feel an apology is in order. When I ironed the names straight onto the fabric, they all stuck. If I order again please check invoice spelling before sending. The E was left off of the last name. Easy to iron on.
The strap ripped within one month of possession. Do you accept returns or exchanges? Otherwise love this wallet!! This is my second purchase.
not happy how bills are tuck and cumbersome to place
metal tape cutter continues to fall out every 8-10 times i use it. you can screw it back in but very inconvenient, especially when you're moving and it's easy to get lost. it got stuck in the tape of one of my boxes and was missing for a whole day. poor quality design.
it was very hard to put your keys on and they were hard to use. I wouldn't recommend.
Screws holding the two arm rests constantly become loose. Despite tightening properly once a week, they become loose over and over. Back rest also becomes misaligned and uneven at the seat joint. This makes chair unsafe, particularly if one falls asleep in the chair.
Binding came apart after 5 months of usage and I'm only half way through it.
The first cartridge worked great but the second malfunctioned. The yellows printed green. I discovered this just outside of the return and customer support window.
Item arrived with scratches and chips, in poor condition. I will be looking for a similar item to replace it with.
Not as squishy as I had hope and the cloth started splitting from the rubber the first day I used it!
Really hard to get clamp on
Only works sometimes. I recommend buy the individual bigger glue dots.
Ordered US Letter but received European A4.
Although these have some color, it is not like the regular highlighter tape I use in my classroom. They are all very lightly colored and you can hardly tell that you've highlighted anything.
the dumb thing is the receipt does not identify what item is being insured by the policy I bought.
The ink packet had been used and didn't work right off the bat. Very disappointing. Had to purchase a new set for it to even work.
The ink cartridges worked fine, but should by no means be considered XL. I don't do much printing, but these cartridges ran out within 3 weeks and I ended up buying HP products again because they are much more reliable. Very disappointed.
They are tiny, even for my small hands.
At first I thought these cartridges were fantastic, but then, the color cartridge was good for about 2 dozen pages of normal word document printing (we did not print photos or any other mega color stuff). So far the black cartridge is doing fine but if there is anything on the document that is not printed in black the color portion of the document is illegible.
This product works well and I would have kept it except for 1 HUGE glaring problem....THE HOLD MUSIC IS HORRIFIC. It's not even close to elevator music and sounds like closer to dial up internet service booting up from years ago (If you are old enough to recall that).
They seem like perfectly fine clipboards, but each one is wrapped in its own plastic bag. In addition to the waste of plastic this represents, it's also a gigantic waste of time to unwrap each clipboard. This company should reconsider its packaging.
The cover came in damaged. Was disappointed in the quality of product
These work but are a little more painful than others.
Expensive planner doesn't impress. The 2017 planner had two ribbon place markers that I found very useful and had a solid binder (not coiled) that I liked better. I am also not a fan of having the last few days of the daily blocks show up in the next month...
The tape seems to work fine! The thickness of the tape, is thinner than I expected! My main issue, is the very strong, chemical odor coming from the tape. Not sure if it is the adhesive they used on the tape or the tape material itself. I don't consider myself a odor sensitive person.
My 6 year old has struggled with fine motor skills and we thought trying these pencil grippers would help with his grip and control and help improve his Handwriting. But honestly they were cumbersome in his little hands and he felt like he has less control over the pencil while using them and his handwriting suffers because of it. So it was worth a try but ultimately unhelpful for us. That's not to say they won't be helpful for your child's specific needs, and they're so cheap it's worth a try!
Four legs, only three legs with the little rubber protection - means using this will scratch and mar any nice furniture that's wooden or glass.
I tried to open the button on one of the folders after it arrived and it immediately broke off. I don't even think super glue could fix that kind of problem...
The big document holder was bent.. everything else is cute though.
I bought this to draw mandalas so the tic marks around the circles are important for placement. However they are inaccurate measurements. When you rotate the stencil the lines do not line up anymore and you trace a circle offset to one in the same spot. A little disappointed with this item.
The projector has a nice picture if it is perfectly centered to the screen. If it is mounted to the ceiling or set on a table you cannot focus it. It will be blurry either low or high. You have to choose which part you want blurry. This is very aggravating especially when reading subtitles etc.
The motor is weak. If you press with any force, the motor stops. I tried another brand from Amazon that has a much more powerful motor.
Pens are great, but I ordered 2 for a specific color I needed that is pictured. The product received was different than the one pictured and the color I wanted was not included.
The black cartridges work fine but the color cartridge does not . Colors are bad. Just bought a Canon brand color cartridge and it works fine so I know it is not the printer. Very disappointed in the quality. Will not buy again.
I ordered identical signs from two different Amazon vendors. While the other vendor included 4 signs and 4 sturdy stands, this one included only one lightweight stand and one sign. The price was only a few dollars more for the better signs X 4. Would not buy this again.
Well it is a good amount if clips for the money. Although they often don't stay snapped together well and many times the snaps come out of the band.
I struggled to open the film holder. And succeeded only twice. Because you have to open it each time you want to change the strip of negatives, I give up. I want to see what's on all these strips of negatives so I can only save what I want. The resolution was not helpful. I probably should have hooked it up to the computer screen, because the screen on the scanner doesn't help much to distinguish what's on the film. Not for an amateur like me. I'm returning it.
I love this badge holder! Clip is solid and reel is very strong! Comes with several color felts, so you can match your scrubs. Unfortunately the reel line broke after just a couple months of use. :(
This stuff is so thick, you can't even pour it out of the bottle. It works fine once you get it out, but it's just not user friendly. We even tried putting the bottle in a pot of really warm water, trying to get it to flow better, but it didn't help much. It seems to secure the puzzle pretty well once you use it, but it does make the puzzle curl up some. We put them into poster frames from Walmart, so it didn't matter to us, but if you wanted to just hang it, you might have to do something different. We didn't try putting it on the back, as I've heard suggested. Personally I prefer the sheets that you stick to the backside of the puzzle instead. Much easier to work with, and no drying time.
They are large and they came with a greasy silicone coverage. I had to soak them to get the grease out, would have been bad on my new hardwood floors.
while it does do its job, it is a hassle to get out of the packaging, and it sticks to my skin more than I like. It also has a bit of an unpleasant smell to it, but that might just be me.
Worked as should but we ordered green and received red, white & blue stars and stripes, nothing against the American flag just not what we intended for our event.
The one refill doesn't work at all.
They are super small, smaller than expected. I was going to give to students as part if xmas gift. They have no magnetic in them. They only reson I gave 2 stars fast shipping
I bought these to use in my daycare to dig for bugs in a bucket of rice. These require quite a bit of strength to close and a lot of my 3 and 4s can't do it. If plastic was a bit thinner, they would be perfect.
Product came used. Was not happy about this considering I order from amazon all the time.
i was hoping for a good quality binder but these have proved to be very light weight in construction and do not look like they will last very long under use. i store music for jams in them and they get used frequently. The rings are light in weight and have the sawtooth end where they join together, indicative of cheap construction. The clear inner pockets on the binders tore the first time i tried to insert anything in them. All in all, i should have bought more substantial binders, and paid more, for my application. It these simply go on a shelf and are seldom opened, probably good enough.
It was a lot smaller than I expected and honestly more of a hassle to lug up the stairs than 6 bags of groceries.
It worked well for about 5 months then curled on the edges. I have to replace it because it has become a tripping hazard in my home office.
I love these pens, but I've had a lot of problems with the ones I've purchased on Amazon in this multipack. Over half of them malfunction and leak. I've ruined a few shirts, and have had black ink on my hands too many times.
Only half the batteries took a charge. The other half drained ridiculously fast
These are very sturdy envelopes, however I ordered 3 different sizes all advertised as 50 per pack and there are not 50 envelopes in the pack. Cheating vendor!!
Just FYI - this does not come as advertised. It is a blank white page - no pre-drawn calendar lines on it! We are not happy with this, as we were expecting a monthly calendar with boxes and lines already done - as shown!
While these do work (to an extent), I'm hoping to find better ones. For me, these give a clear field of vision but only partly. The left prism is set too far to the left so when I look thru them a good 1/8th to 1/4 of my vision is obstructed, which also makes the view look like theres a ghost image in the middle of my vision. Also all around the clear view is a ghost image (reflections) which are tolerable but annoying. If it wasn't for the above, I could get past this.
I was hoping to love this because functionally and the size is just what I needed. However, it's not very stable and is pretty wobbly. Also, there is nothing to secure the drawer, it easily plops out when you pull it out, spilling contents everywhere. Pretty disappointed, especially considering the price point.
Disappointed because it said 52 count and only received 37. I needed everyone of the 52. They are cute and fun colors just wanted all of them. ☹️
I have already mailed the Ink order back to Speedy Ink. and do not have it any longer
The units concept looks great, but the image is not as described on website, it's blurry.
Too small alot of work to put together not made for large monitor
A lot of the chalk was broken! We received the box OPENED inside a soft, padded envelope, with the chalk spilling out, with a lot of broken sticks.
The blue cartridge wasn't sealed properly (and was a different brand than the other cartridges) and has leaked all over the inside of our printer. I contacted the seller but have not received any response. I'm giving them 2 stars (rather than 1) because at least the other 3 work.
The correction pen has its purposes when in the field and other, better forms of erasure are not available, but it's ultimately a dud. It barely erases the colored markers and will maintain a film of color from the previous erasing. And I used mine less than 15 times and it dried out within months. I wouldn't purchase this unless it's required for a packing list.
The pencil sharpener is fine, but when I bought it, it said it would hold up to heavy duty classroom use, and it does not. You have to hold the pencil perfectly upright for it to work properly, and impatient students jamming pencils into this thing will certainly wear it out quickly.
I have bought snap frames similar to this one from another manufacturer here on Amazon, and had no issues. This one came is soft cardboard packaging, and was kinked at the top. It was left at door, but even if I had been there, I would not have noticed at delivery. I will reorder, probably a different brand. Shucks. I really wanted this one.
i mean really? I wonder how old this tape is. It looks like it's been in a wet basement. I know it's just tape. But I'm disgusted that someone would even send something marked NEW that looks like this. Hope it still works. I won't be purchasing from this seller again. Disgusting.
Not easy to adjust position, and not near bright enough. The magnifier is almost useless, and the LED does not point where I need the light. Overall not a good purchase for me.
Received this printer from Tech Guru, but color cartridge was defective. I sent them a message through Amazon and have received no reply in 2 weeks. I cannot recommend products from this vendor.
I used these for a newsletter mailing and found two major problems with them: 1) they were very difficult to see on the paper, so they were hard to peel and affix to our newsletter 2) they didn't rip at all when people went to open the newsletter, therefore ripping the paper completely!
The bags are not durable. They are very thin and can tear or become dented very quickly. I don't recommend.
Trying hard to like this projector. Having major issues with remote not working. Picture quality is fair. Can't seem to adjust picture settings since remote is glichy. Very annoying. Also hard to adjust picture settings if there is no picture! Seems like a dumb design for picture settings. How do you know if you have the right brightness or contrast if all you can see is the setting menu,?? Since you watch in darkness not having a backlit remote is also a minus. Sound quality and build is good. Compact Design is nice. Color and contrast not so good. I dunno... Hoped for better. Changed batteries twice. No luck. Even the fire stick remote is off so I suspect it's the device and not the actual remote that has . .device is going back. Too bad.
Ordered in January, and kept the cartridges sealed until I needed to use them. The first cartridge worked fine, but I attempted to use the second one in November (still sealed) and my printer wouldn't read the cartridge. Literally nothing would work. I tried troubleshooting my printer and all manner of test prints, etc. After about 20 tries, I just had to remove it. I'm totally disappointed...
The safety feature on this cutter snags the paper, I would not buy this again.
The finger hole is small. Not suitable for a larger man. Does not adjust at all. Would not recommend or buy again.
I've had these cables for 7 months and they've stopped working. We are not constantly plugging/unplugging them. They stay in the same spot in our house and aren't moved so this isn't from the wires being stretched or bent. I will not by them again.
Not all the ink cartridges would work. When put in the printer would not recognize them so I had to put in a different one and fortunately that one worked. I have 2 black ones that won't work which means I am out that money and more importantly short of ink. I guess I will have to purchase elsewhere where I can't rely on all the cartridges working that were purchased.
They worked well but did not last long ...
No Matter how many videos i watched online, or how many times i unplugged the or Hard Reset my printer, I couldn't get the cartridges to communicate. Spent 5 hours trying to get these to work. I popped in OE Canon Cartridges and it instantly worked. I really wanted these to work.. Ill probably drain the ink and refill my Canon cartridges.
The print quality (black on white) is fine. But removing the backing is difficult and frustrating. Would not buy again.
Desk arrived in a beat up box and one of the top side corners was severely chipped/dented in. Buy one in person so you know it's in solid condition. Would not recommend.
Received 2 packages today, they are not silver color, they are light blue in color! Does not coordinate with the other hardware using in my family craft project, Not happy!!
Calendar pages separated from cover 1 week after purchase. Poorly constructed
Loved the folio, and the quality of the cotton paper and leather. Initially I planned to buy one for each of my two sons. But within a week a white mold developed over the outside of the leather. I had already made entries in the folio that I did not want to lose so I kept it.
This manual sharpener is adequate, but I have to hold it down while trying to sharpen because it refuses to stay stuck. The hole is also weirdly shaped or something, any my standard #2 pencils have marks on them when I pull them out. I would not buy again, it is difficult to get stuck, refuses to stay down, and you have to apply weird amounts of pressure to get pencils to sharpen correctly. It does do the actual sharpening okay, and leaves a nice sharp point if you can manage to hold it down long enough to do the job.
This took forever to get here. Seller never replies and we couldn't even use bc it only flexes 10 degrees. To make it work we need at least 20 degree flexibility.
The black toner is defective. The other colors work fine. I'm so frustrated!
Very disappointing. Poor image.
I agree with the faulty construction of this notebook. I added a picture to show how the rings get bent. I bought 3 notebooks and every single one of them have this problem.
Not sure if I got a lemon, but the battery life is horrible. A full charge to green light barely lasts 36 hours. That is totally unacceptable. Update: I returned this item to the seller and bought one directly from KeySmart's website. The new one has lasted for more than two and a half weeks on a single charge and is still going strong. I believe this is a problem with this specific vendor. I am sure the one I received from Amazon was bad - I charged it and left it untouched on a desk - so I am 100% sure I did not accidentally trigger the light and drain the battery - and it died within 5 days. Based on other reviews there is a clear problem with the ones available from this seller.
Doesn't stamp evenly . Dry in the middle .
Hard to put the pin in.
I'm slowly realizing that glass screen protector's and the new iPad pros don't seem to mix. This is about the third I've used so far and while the cut outs allow the face ID to work properly the touch functionality of the iPad Pro is impacted by this glass protector. The Apple Pencil seems to work fine but using your fingers for anything is hit or miss at times. Swiping from the bottom is especially troublesome which is a big portion of the new button less interface. I would not recommend this protector or any glass at this time. I'm moving to trying out PET film protectors and hopefully the touch sensitivity is not as impacted.
Doesn't erase easily. Using top notch pens and still smears all over. Bummer. Since otherwise fits needs.
The product smells so bad of mold that it is unusable! Which is disappointing since it is very cute. It does look like it would fall apart after everyday use though. Going to try to get ride of the smell somehow, fingers crossed it goes away but no luck yet. Very disappointed.
wasn't expecting the font to be so small
This is a cheap product. It looks good but the way it is built it started falling apart once it got delivered
I purchase 3 of these an after only 2 weeks the lights went out in the p and the e.
The weird thing about these is that the sticky edge flips for each note. Writing several notes at a time requires you to flip the pad each time. Little strange, but they stick well.
I loved this for printing shipping labels. It saved me so much time getting packages out the door. Until I started malfunctioning. It prints out labels half way, don't print at all or most often will print and then shoot out 8 blank labels. I've tried resetting and nothing works. I'm beyond frustrated with the amount of expensive wasted label pages I've lost with this.
Two of the 4 scissors, the spring did not work. The scissors are two tight and wouldn't spring back. Two out of the four work perfect.
The pens themselves are nice, espcially for the price. However, the ink is terrible. I've had these pens for a month and both are struggling to write.
The magnets aren't super strong. Very few coin remain in place on the board. The cardboard is coming apart after multiple use.
when these cartridges reach 10-15 % the print starts to fade badly, I found that I had to change them at 10% the OEM cartridges will print to 0 with no fading
Like another review stated, sometimes you get the purple "smooth" package, and sometimes you get the green "super smooth" package. The super smooth feels significantly thinner than the smooth, even though they're supposed to be the same weight. So yes, professionally, it does make a difference and I wish they would send you what you ordered. I've ordered multiple times and it's really just a toss-up. Completely unprofessional.
support brace was to short. i had to add to it.
The pictured item says Lock Wallet but the items that I received says Block Wallet.
the material for the support is too soft and does not elevate the wrest well.
no color name and difficult to get out of trey also the tips are to soft
I put something against the wall with this tape and it keeps falling off, it's a waste of money. Lately I'm having trouble with those Amazon orders, they often useless.
You send we wrong primary journal , I wanted the one it showed on the picture
Fell apart very quick
The only bad part of this pencil set is that they don't have individual erasers at the end of them ... not very practical for students
Black ink cartridge received and works but it leaked ink in its package. Red and Blue cartridge not recognized by the printer. Won't buy again.
Cartridges worked fine, print quality good. Went to replace the black ink with the extra cartridge we received and it won't work.... We've reinstalled and installed and turned off and turned on and everything we can think of but the cartridge does not work and return windows have closed so buy at your own risk.
Purchased for $15 on sale several months ago. So glad I didn't pay full price! I love the Xacto wall-mounted sharpener, but this vacuum mount one doesn't "stick" to sharpen more than two or three pencils in a row. Also, the vacuum mounting doesn't last, so I have to reset it every time I go to use it.
Very flimsy and it is difficult for the tripods to hold artwork without tipping over.. really disappointed.
The adhesive hasn't worked on these. Every morning I come in to work to find another laying on the floor
Not the best thickness. It's weak bends easy.the look of it is very nice. Marble is nicely done.
These are supposed to stick to windows, but they do not. I used these in my classroom to hand student work on the windows, and the sun melts the backing and everything falls off. :( I do not recommend.
Prompts me to upgrade software but will not accept my password when asked, thus no upgrade. Phone support was no help at all.
not happy with the product, it came missing a feet (skid pad) and now it wobbles. but luckily i have a paperback book i can put under to hold it steady.
So I know I bought an economy binder but after only 1 week of school my daughters binder looks like this. It honestly appears the rings are too big for the frame of the binder and are now digging into the front cover and warping the binder. Now I know they are binders but seriously this is after 1 week. Will update as the school year goes on.
I ship coffee mugs and need 12" squares of large cell bubblewrap. This product is time consuming for my small business since I have to actually cut the bubblewrap even though it is perforated for tearing. I will not buy this again.
I received the product, but the carton the markers come in was torn open and the markers themselves were just floating around the box! I thought I was getting NEW markers but I can't guarantee that's what I got.
Their quality has definitely suffered since the last time I purchased these. They tear when removing the label from the backing, and the printer can no longer print just a single label (after the first label was already used) without it tearing or coming out crooked, as the backing material is too flimsy. I cannot recommend these at all.
Not near loud enough.
Doesn't stick well to anything. Junk.
The hanging strips included with board do not stick to the board at all. Will have to find alternative way to hang board.
Mine chairs, bought 2 had no instructions and they and very comfortable. You will need to buy additional seat cushion to use this chairs
The main reason I bought these is because they are supposed to be scented, but they don't smell at all. The barrels on them are enormous too.
Cute, but these cards don't come with envelopes, so you have to find separate ones that fit. More effort than necessary for thank you cards.
Sharpener works great if you can get it to stick to a surface. I have tried multiple surfaces, making sure i clean surfaces as directed... nothing works.
It lasted two weeks and then ran out.I mean totally ran out,would not print at all.Love the prince,but it's a waste of money if it doesn't do what it's supposed to do. I know of a certainty this toner is a rip off. I do not recommend it at all. I'm going back to the name brand toner that does what it's supposed to do.
Their legs pop off easy, but don't go back in easily.
These are more of a spot pattern then a flood pattern. Bright light if you are only wanting to light up one object, wont cover a large area, have mounted high enough too.
I ordered the clip version and got the belt version. It is very big and bulky, not comfortable.
It was very easy to assemble but it broke eaisly and was not sturdy
Definitely not as pictured. No tags/packaging. Wrong color. Not blue as pictured. Lime green. Not even sure that it is the brand it claims as I have several of the blue. This green has a cheap feel. Not super satisfied.
It's too small to be useful and to cheaply made for a gift or a graphic novel.
Projector screen got a black spot within 3 months of use. Don't waste that type of money on cheap projectors like this. Purchase a name brand projector it'll save you more money in the long run
I thought buying a gel elbow rest would help tremendously but these are only slightly softer than my desk. I was very disappointed and returned them.
Performance wise, too early to tell. They were however poorly packaged. All loose in one plastic baggy with poor quality labels. The exposed electronic contacts on the cartridges had no protection. There are others available on Amazon each individually wrapped with better than OEM protection.
For the price, there are other products like it that perform much better, are less expensive, and are easier to use. The one I purchased is sitting in my garage waiting for a new home.
Doesn't zip well and catches in the edge of the Bible. I had to take it off my bible
The pen feels great, but doesn't write very well. Ink cartridge problems appeared pretty quickly and without much use.
While the order was delivered on time, the packaging was open and missed all erasers. The only reason I did not returned it back that I had an order for additional erasers, but be careful what you are shipping. So, it is probably more to the packing department not the product itself, but I am not happy receiving open/damaged packaging.
I bought this instead of other highly-rated laptop risers because of the adjustable height and angle. However, the adjusted angle would not stay in place over time. I had to keep screwing every few days which is super annoying.
Good product, but only holds keyboard and not a mouse, unlike the last time I ordered this product a few years back.
I love the board and the stand that it comes with along with options of different letters and shapes. I would have given this 5 star but am so upset about slicing open my hand with the cutting tool that was sent to cut out some of the words. Why didn't these come precut like the individual letters?? Caution when using the tool - I actually was sliced by the tension bar in the middle, not the blades. There are multiple pieces that didn't come precut and when you apply pressure to cut these out, the bar can slip and pinch you. In the process of this happening to me it also snapped "December" in half.
The supplied adhesive pads do not stick to the supplied magnets very well. If you use this on your fridge, you will come to find the board on the floor and the magnets still on the door...Using gorilla glue now.
These notepads are difficult to write on with a Fisher Space Pen. It does work, but the writing is rather splotchy. Works great with gel ink (but may smear), and is alright with regular ballpoints. It repels water on the surface, but the edges allow water to seep in, so underwater writing may not be a good idea.
They are beautiful. My only problem with them was that they didn't hold up very well. As we are receiving them back, most of them are peeling apart.
The pens arrived and they look classy but one of them appear defective and it makes a clicking sound when trying to write. Also, the pen with the removable cover feels a bit clumsy in the hand.
Looks good, easy, easy to assemble. Instructions and parts w/ Hex wrench included were shockingly easy to use and assemble. Overall solid parts, arms a little flimsy. Quality overall is very good. Head rest may prove to short even when adjust to it's highest position for people with broad shoulders and 'normal' torso length. Arms not very sturdy, not adjustable (I missed this in the description--my issue). Overall, for the price, will work for the time-being. Comfortable enough, but not a top tier product--quality = pricing so I'm happy.
the pens work fine but the magnets can fall off easily.
Very pourous and not meant for chalk pens
It uses the suitcase method of having more or less space with a 2 side zippers. When the zippers are unzipped the hold space is deeper and when zipped it is smaller or not as deep. The dividers are nice if you are a travel artist and want to keep your supplies in one space. Sturdy materials and clean design. Can hold regular size pens and pencils and very small brushes.
These look nice but didn't really stick that well. Most of mine fell down, with weight of less than two pounds, though a few stayed up. Also I did not see any instructions in the box on how to properly install these
Doesn't work well with staples that have curled up, a claw remover would have worked better.
I've been using this printer for nearly two months. This is my first 3d printer, so I can't compare it to others of the same type. Here is what I have found. The packaging and shipping were excellent, and the customer service has been fantastic. The package shipped with everything that was required to set up the printer. If that's all I was reviewing, this product would have five stars. That being said, since I have set up the printer, which took around 8 hours in total from unwrapping to starting my first print, I have had multiple parts failures. The z-stop sensor was bad out of the box. I contacted the seller and they paid me back for the new one I had to purchase. The temperature sensor for the hot end died within the first month and had to be replaced. Now at the end of the second month both of the board cooling fans have failed, resulting in heat damage to the board and the loss of my heated bed power supply, as well as the connector for the x axis motor. Again, the seller was quick to respond and is sending a new control board. The only complaint that I have is about the quality of the parts that were shipped with the product.
Because of that non messy coating those crayons don't color much with my 2 year old baby's coloring pressure. At least she enjoys stacking them up though.
This is okay, but it arrived damaged and indented. It's not worth it to try and return it so I still hung it, but it seems fragile. Wish there was a more straightforward way to be at least partially reimbursed, but that's the risk of buying online!
I had ordered this magnifying glass several months ago from Amazon. It was very stylish - shiny black plastic, decent light, good magnification, dark satin-like pouch. But I misplaced the glass, so I ordered the exact same one by just clicking "Buy it again" on Amazon. Imagine my surprise when I received an ugly, non-shiny BROWN plastic glass this time! It's not a big deal because it still provides the magnification I need, but it sure isn't as nice looking as the first one. It looks very cheap now.
Fine, but certainly nothing special. Does the job to teach my son about the calendar and how to track dates.
It's just as it's advertised. It's a decent cork board with a wood frame. It's great for it's price. However, despite it being advertised as being able be used vertically, it only has key hole slots that allow it to be installed horizontally. So I'm just going to do it myself or put in my own hanging kit.
The packing was poor, two of the corners chipped
Stops the door, but doesnt stick well in place on pergo floor
Hard to find the right key, has to be marked with colored tape.
I liked the way it looks but too high level. Hard to scratch within the small areas without going over Nothing to intrigue me to travel in any specific area
It is what I expected. However, compared to a different brand I purchased prior to this one, this one took a week to try to get to lie flat. I ultimately put in under a large piece of granite countertop to do so. With this difficulty, I would not purchase again.
Paper folders are very expensive. This one is not and with inexpensive stuff you have trade offs. I have used Yale desktop letter folders before. All have the same issues. If you are looking to just fold a page or two at a time and don't mind a couple of wrinkled folds every 30 or 40 sheets, then this is for you. The problem that I have found with every Yale folder that I have used is that you have to be perfect when you drop the paper in to be folded. Off just a tad and it folds with wrinkles. Sometimes fairly badly. There does not seem to be a way around it. If the unit had guides on the sides to perfectly align the drop in it would be fantastic. As it is, if the letters are personally addressed and you need it to be perfect, you will have a couple or do-overs. For the price, well worth it. Just be patient and careful.
good for carry on packing
like them, fit in pocket comfortably but doesn't last very long
It's nice and large but the front wheels give me a lot of problems. They do not turn like they are supposed to.
Magnets are weak, there's only a few small ones on it. I use it to put plastic name tags in so it doesn't weigh very much at all and it could not hold them up. I just attached a Velcro strip to the back of mine so it's not a huge deal but if you're not wanting to do that or glue more magnets on the back you will not be happy with the product. I also noticed one side of it on mine is not attached.
Great use for my ELL classes. Highly recommend.
When it said All Occasion I assumed there were birthday cards, too. I was disappointed. There are more new baby cards than I will ever use. I debated on returning them but decided not to. Thanks.
It may be my floor, but this mat does not stay put. Roger Long
Neat pens, but arrived crushed. Was shipped in bubble wrap envelope, but a few pens were busted & package was crushed.
Delivery was very quick, but packaging was very poor. 2 boxes wrapped in plastic that offers no protection from breakage, thrown into a box that is too large, with no protective packaging around it. Surprisingly, all broken pieces were in the same box. Chalk is fragile, and is going to break, but I expect it to be delivered intact, so I can break it myself. IMPROVE your packaging for shipping! !!
Cover is very sturdy. Unfortunately I didn't realize the pages would have designs. I prefer ruled but no designs. The description said “full color exterior and interior,” and the pages are slightly tinted. If that phrase was supposed to clue me in to the fact there would also be leaves and butterflies on each page, it didn't. A photo of the interior should have been included. See mine.
It's mainly their slow shipping that I don't like. They promise a date and then it's not delivered on time.
It didn't fit my full-size daughters locker all that well. I wouldn't trust those hooks to hold a coat or a purse. It just didn't work for us.
Just as I thought it would be.
Disappointed. I was first intrigued by the black barrels, but they soon became a pain always looking for the name of the color! And I wasn't impressed with the colors. Might I add that if you don't get all three sets, plus the light complexion set at the same time you are going to be at a severe coloring disadvantage!
I intended for this new 2019 Planner to be an UPGRADE from what I was using last year. But, in comparing the two, I am extremely disappointed. Unfortunately I had to begin using it, until I could find something I like better, or I would have returned it immediately. The sad fact is, that the ink on the daily pages is so faint that I can't even read each of the day's numbers!! LITERALLY...can't believe it. On top of that, the organization and spacing (with lines for writing on the weekly section) are not helpful at all. The covers are extremely heavy, (unnecessary). Sorry, but this one is going on the discard pile. I am just now ordering a planner very similar to my old Mead Calendar which had a bright Aqua cover (light plastic), filled with vibrant tropical scenery.... and organized perfectly for me. much better. For only TEN Bucks.
Well, the lesson plan book is fine.... but the three giant worms crawling all over it in the box were an unwelcome surprise.
This product was just okay.
The lanyard broke. It was nice while it lasted
Design is nice, material too soft. Item came dented and had to push the dent out by hand. Now it looks weird so I have to have the dented side faced away
Functionally it works for transitioning from up to down and vice versa pretty easily, however, it slams a bit when moving it down. The corners are a bit sharp and can bite into your forearms when typing. It is pretty light for easy moving around. It seems smaller than it looks in the pictures.
Like the shape, packaging, twine included. Wood was VERY thin, so quality not too great.
Its more like a cherry pink
Well, it lasted for a good 8 years or so. I guess what more can you want from a scanner? But also I had to replace the USB cord more than once as it seemingly "went bad" during its lifetime. Not buying again for $120, I know that much.
made from cast iron they will rust if left out.
Adhesive needs to stick better to fabric. I'm guessing I'm not the only one being disappointed with this.
It's definitely not leather, but I like it better that way. The style and color is nice, but if you want genuine leather, this isn't it.
I used this to print some black text I wanted to place on homemade paper for a prop. The ink doesn't stick very well and came off at a slight touch. One of the transparency faded after a couple of days and the text wasn't legible. Still, it worked well enough for my project.
Smaller than expected
The ink is ok. Still having problems with the print.
I would say this has enough ink for half the amount of pages advertised
Loved these pens but the only huge downfall was that they ran out of ink too quickly. I literally only wrote one set of notes which was maybe around 7 pages. The pens I was using gradually starting fading. Super disappointed with this.
The lock box seems great. But the weather cover was not with it. If they'll ship just the cover I'll be fine. If not, I'll be returning
It's ok but when you write on it the text shrinks over time like it's drying out slowly. It's strange. I don't know if it's the markers or the board. The magnet works well but since the whole thing is very thin, any imperfections in the sheet are really obvious. Mine came with some little bumps and ripples.
Great product, bought for writing out wedding envelopes and definitely served its purpose but the ink rubs off after a few uses. I like having the ruler on the bottom as a guide but bummer that half of it is rubbed off after a few uses.
In general, they can be used. But I cannot say they are of good quality. Some of them write smoothly, but with some of them you have to put an effort. Personally I would not buy them again.
I'm a bit disappointed with the lack of variety in colors that I recieved. The other times I bought them, I got one of each color.
Good delivery time but black ink cartridge was damaged, would not work in printer. Color cartridge was fine.
Great seller and service.
Don't like the fact that the handle and carrying strap is extremely small. Protects the system and you can add only 4 games, one controller, and cords inside. Along with the ps4 system.
They are good, but the pen's head is so thin and not enough for highlighting!
Not as strong as I was hoping them to be!
This is not my first bottle of this, but it left me disappointed as it is almost too thick to use. I'm wondering if it wasn't starting to dry out a bit. It works great, but I have to use my finger to get it out of the bottle and smear it on (yes, I tried enlarging the tip, which didn't help).
I think I'm missing a part or magnet when I get tape the man comes off his seat.
Great protector but it blocks off the very top when my iPad is in it
Great standard board just know its not magnetic.
very flimsy , not heavyweight at all. but used them anyway, had to clip the left corners of the paper if I wanted it to lay flat. once in the notebook they were fine.
This is the type of calendar I wanted. However the animal pictures throughout were abstract animals whih were Ok but not really what I wanted. When I bought a calendar for 2017, the animal pictures were real animal photos. I much prefer the real animal pictures are much better in my opinion. The calendar description was not clear about the calendar format either.
I wish the was a planner version. Also would love to buy replacement pages. Is there a way to order another pack of pages? Like the paper and smooth writing. Pens are easy to find to buy and inexpensive.
All the reviews saying this is super tacky are questionable. I'm using it to bond 2 pieces of polyethylene sunshade together (between grommets). I was expecting thick adhesive like on carpet tape, but this doesn't seem any stronger than making tape. It peels off fairly easily, so I have my doubts with it in 100 degree heat and rain. I'm not setting it outside until October, so won't know for sure.
i cannot rate the quality of the ink refill as I just received it and therefore do not know of the print Quality of the longevity. The value for the money is still unknown.
I thought more would have come in the package.I will need to order 3 more packs just to cover my bulletin board
Fun for the grandchildren but the inner colors are easily pushed out.😞
Definitely smaller than anticipated.
The stamp print was larger than I expected; I am not sure if I did not read the specs well, but all was printed ok and arrived timely and price was good; I would prefer stamp smaller font and overall smaller endorsement but otherwise satisfactory
I didn't think it was a full size notebook. However, I thought it would be a little bigger than it is.
Works great but battery doesn't hold charge long
these erasers did as you would expect they erase.
The counter works when we put money in but we can not use the add/subtract buttons neither work.
It feels cheap to use, it feels super plastic
I was disappointed in this book. It is obviously self published. There are a lot of errors in the recipes as well as the information. For instance on page 13 in the book published in 2018 it states “When it takes your body more than 72 days to produce a bowel movement...” The error still exists in the 2019 edition. Wish I hadn't purchased both of them.
It came in a nice package just like in the pictures. The keychain looks just as it does in the pictures. One issue I have is that I keep having to tighten the screw every now and then as it comes loose. I'm worried I will forget to tighten it and lose my keys. The good is that you can tighten it easily with your fingernail or coin. Maybe I didn't put it together correctly?
delivered as scheduled. no problems with packaging n shipping. Great 4 pack value. solid craftsmanship. a must buy. will update review once tested.
packing was absolute worst
The file folders are fine, its just that I just opened them to use, and there are no tabs included in this box. It said the plastic tabs and little cardboard labels would be included, and they usually are, but there wasn't any in this box and I don't know how to contact the seller to rectify the problem because I waited so long to use these.
Quality is not good.
We installed this little guy last night. It comes with instructions, several sets, but none for this particular model and nothing really all too similar. So we had to wing it. It's pretty intuitive. However. The final step, once the whole contraption is on the wall, is to screw in this tiny little hex screw with the hex key provided. No big deal, right? Well, when it's against the wall, you can't rotate the hex key more than a half turn. So you have to pull it out, and turn it. Pull it out, and turn it. Over and over again. THAT got pretty old really fast.
Easy to use, I like the portability of the product..
It is usual practice. As soon as you buy thing, they want you to give positive review almost right away. It is wrong. I bought this sharpener almost a year ago. First, it worked good, in 2-3 month it was not so good (did not sharpen pencils as it was promised), in half a year it worked already "so so", and finally it broke down. That is my general experience. And believe me I did not use it too hard.
Box was busted and shelf was damaged. The return process is a hassle. It's a shame that it was damaged in shipping, because I needed it ASAP and now I will have to wait until they receive my return before they'll issue a refund or exchange. That said, it was very nice quality and I will be ordering it again. If this one is in terrible condition obviously from shipping, I will have to find one that ISN'T shipped by UPS.
Worked okay, but had to mess with a lot of settings to get it to print correctly. I work in IT support for a hospital so if it was difficult for me, it may also be difficult for you. It also fed the labels in a weird way, which caused the labels to bend or crinkle as they were moving from the roll through the machine. Never could really get the margins correctly set. Print quality was good, but product was overall cheaply made. I have a different brand now which seems to be far superior in sturdiness. It was cheaper and definitely older but with label printers, you definitely need a reliable product that doesn't just print half of a label and error out. This printer also required calibration on every startup and fed a blank label through which had to be torn off and essentially thrown in the garbage. If you rolled it back in it printed half a label and shut off.
Got this one thinking it would grab carpet with the pointed tips underneath but nope! Need higher quality, darn it.
Had issues setting it up, Finally with the help of a tech. from cannon got it going. I will say the tech. service was great. when i just copy something it makes a really good copy. i still have issues printing wireless from the internet. it will not print at all. then maybe an hour later...out comes my copy!!!! also, i hate having to always select the paper size???? it makes no sense. when it works it is a really nice printer can not beat it for the price.
Not large enough. Thought it was a big card.
I was disappointed t see that one of the ink packages had leaked out?! So that is unusable. It took a bit for my printer to recognize and use this ink? Haven't used this company before, might try a different route next time I need more ink.
The pens work well. I work in an environment where pens are valuable and tend to disappear. I specifically buy unique pens for this matter. I ordered the all black but as shown on the photo it's black and grey. 3 stars due to the product on the photo not being the product delivered.
Packages are not optimized for shipping. Lost parts, damaged extrusions, bent metal elements that fit into each other, slightly dented metal dry erase surfaces. Different painted color base on 1 unit. Pretty much a shipping and quality disaster. The products go together ok, just need a hammer and screw driver to align the bent parts, and tap extrusions into place. Following up with the MFG, and said replacement parts will be shipped in 48 hours. I will adjust this review if they miss the date.
I had issues trying to e-file with IRS. Kept getting error message. Finally printed everything and mailed it.
Smaller than I thought
Used as sleeves in the sides of wallet + Purse. Not sure how to test if it works.
This trifold looks just like the picture. However, it was dented in places despite the large, strong box it arrived in. Then upon opening it, there were small tears in the folds. However, because we needed this asap for my son's project, we just dealt with it
Unit is fine but it only works with PC not Mac. Didn't know that when I ordered it and cannot seem to find any software for it online.
As much as I tighten the arms for the TV and Laptop, they constantly drag down. The TV stays in place OKAY, but the laptop doesn't stay up for more than 5 minutes before sagging down.
If you don't have a good tape gun. Good luck trying to find the end you just cut. once you find the end and start to peel it. The tape tears into a million pieces and trying to get it to come off as 1 piece is a nightmare.
I'm giving three stars overall because there is a design flaw. The legs do not firmly attach to the lower panel. I didn't realize this and lifted the utility cart up, making the front two legs come up off the bottom panel, and one of the wheels fells off (more about that below), causing the cart to fall over. At the time I was trying to clean my large window AC, which was on top of the cart. The AC fell with the cart, hitting its side on concrete. It broke because of this flaw. About the wheels - I thought I had pounded them in well enough but I hadn't. I immediately flipped the cart and smacked them in with a mallet. While that was my fault, the leg supports coming off so easily are a major flaw and something to be aware of while using it. Possibly you could drill holes through the base pedestals and the part of the legs that fit over them and stick a metal rod through both. Maybe super glue would work as well. I don't know but I had to buy a new AC because of this fail.
It's a thin magnet with a sticker front, adheres to the door well but ultimately, if you created something in ms paint and printed it on a magnet, you would have the same thing.
Very sparkly pens, but some colors are hesitant to write/come out. When they work they're lovely.
I've had these for almost a month and after the first week, the ink started to fade. Not in the books but when I was writing. Within 3 weeks, half the pens had apparently run dry. I won't but this brand again.
The open/close sign is nice and came with the suction cup and hook. That said, the business hours sign came warped and melted. In western PA in May it's simply not hot enough to melt on its own so I assume it's poor quality assurance from the manufacturer. If all you are looking for is the open/close sign, it's a good product. If, however, you need the business hour part too, continue with caution. It may not be quality.
Sturdy enough and different sizes are nice but I was looking for something different. If you dont mind not being able to tell really what's inside then they will work nice for you.
Not as nice as others seem thinner but they work fine
Received on time, easy assembly. But, the wood was already splintered on several pieces straight out of the box. So far, it's holding up my few dozen books for these 2 weeks I've had it up.
It's not blocked any calls yet. Maybe someday it will really start to kick in.
Didn't work out for me!!! The printer is beautiful.. well built and stuff... but unfortunately it didn't work out for me. Right off the bet when trying to install software it yelled at me that it doesn't support my OS system Took about 3 hours to set it up.. when finally jumping through 35 hoops got this going and printed out first picture It was a disaster!!! My 60 dollar printer did better job than this one... So tried the second time... Same results.. well after 4 hours of fighting with it and printing unsuccessfully some pictures I threw in a towel... and would not spent the money on these results..... I believe this is awesome printer for whoever would work properly...
We purchased this as an extension for my Mother-in-Laws standard OOMA phone. Her standard phone is a large button speed dial "classic" digital phone that she can manage. The OOMA extension is too complicated for her to use. Not a drawback in general, just too complicated for the technologically challenged (note: she told us once that she "...gave up when the electric typewriter came out). However, where this phone does fail is in connectivity. When my mother-in-law does successfully answer the phone, it ends up losing connection after a few minutes. It doesn't indicate that the connection is lost so my Mother-in-Law keeps talking or thinking the other person just can't hear her.
Good product. Only complaint is the Amazon logo plastered on the front. Wish it was note subtle like the moleskin books. Carrying this to my meetings people look at me like I work for Amazon and not my current company.
WOULD LIKELY NOT BUY AGAIN
good product, fast service.
Breaks easily but looks very nice
One of the wheels would not screw on & a few screws where missing in order to put on the leg rack.... fortunately my room has carpet so I can live without the wheels, the leg rack I'm not crazy about but it would have been nice to have on
Looked good but did not fit some cookbooks. Returned
Anytime I print something black you can see the lines where the printer deposited ink :( Also very difficult to connect wirelessly to a Mac product.. Mine still doesn't work so I have to email it every time.
The cover of this journal is what makes it! However multiple disappointments... - about 20 pages had the top right corner stuck together from a clear cutting error. Therefore detaching them created uneven edges - the spine was pretty flimsy and detached easily from the journal - the pages were wavy as if the journal had been in a wet environment I will not purchase again even though the cover is truly beautiful and just as pictured. Quality is too much of an issue here.
Not bad. Some of the markers were dry, almost too dry to use, but were generally acceptable. My biggest problem here is that the dark purple got a bright pink core, and that is pretty unacceptable.
Expensive for the size. Doesn't hold much more for looks.
It doesn't work on a soft plush carpet it is to thin and flimsy. It would probably work fine on a firm thin carpet placed over concrete but I need something with it's own firmness
Not worth cost. No stakes for posting
Here, again, I have not used the toner, so I cannot evaluate it.
Ironed on my pictures well and was a big hit for my son's first birthday party making shirts for him, my wife and I. But after an hour of wearing the shirts, the pictures started peeling right off the shirts.
texture's good, size is good, overall pretty. But the legs are too easily fold, like when you move toward left or right a little bit, it will fall to one side because one leg will fold back. So don't put your water cup on it while move, and make sure both of your hands grab steady on the legs.
The spiral binding is small and it makes it hard to flip pages. It holds papers fine, but not so great at flipping.
Exactly what i wanted, but oddly enough i only recieved 5, not 6.
they made it seem as if you could connect your phone with cable but have to connect wirelessly
Creases where box folds are rough which makes it hard to move file hangers back and forth. Also box is a little too shallow and file hangers don't fit properly.
Wondering about battery life? Overall, nice lights for gifts and drawers, car etc.
The pens themselves were fine but the packaging was ripped and there were a few of them missing from the box. It would be nice to get the three missing pens back...
The price is good and arrived on time, but dont like the quality of the bags. I ship fabrics not more than a pound in a bag, and still not work for me. Im afraid they will broke. I bought poly bags MANY times and this is the worst i've ever got. I will return the unopen boxes and will not buy again. It might work for very light stuff, unfortunately not for me.
gave them to my grand children.
I loved the pen I had purchased locally, but these pens werent as good of quality, seem dry and uneven when writing
I received the first one and it didn't print correctly it was very dull and had missing space on the labels. I sent it back and the 2nd one did the same thing. I returned both and am waiting a bit but want to try another because they are a great label maker when you get a good one. I don't think my experience is common and I haven't quite given up on them.
Easy to set up. Simple design. Very lightweight. A bit flimsy. Hope it lasts.
Received my order in the mail today, and love it but it was damaged in its packaging. Both top and bottom corners are damaged like the photo.
Seemed like the roll was significantly smaller than the previous one I purchased but maybe it was just wrapped tighter.delivery was done in a timely fashion.
I love that the cartridges are easy to install but I am disappointed that the ink doesn't last very long. The ink ends up costing much more than the printer.
4 stars for the value, 2 stars for the quality. If I let my brother printer sit long enough to cool... the first page of the next print job is smudged beyond use. I am hoping this problem is isolated to just this cartridge. Once I starting using the second one, I may amend my review. Not a major problem...just a minor irritant during a busy day of work.
Looks good but I thought it would be more sturdy.
It's a letter board. It comes with lots of letters, numbers, and symbols. My only complaint is that the letters will fall off when the letter board is on the wall and that's very annoying. This is the only letter board that I have ever owned so I'm not sure if they all do that or just this one. But over all it's ok.
It photographs well but HOLY CRAP... it's basically construction paper. More delicate than a newborn baby. I can literally cut it with my fingernail. But for $10 I am not going to complain too much.
Opened package today and the item is cracked.
Not as many pages as I would hve liked. The pages are a nice size.
This is just ok. There really is not enough weight to it to keep it securely in place against the bottom of the door. Had I not taken the packaging off I would've returned it to find something better.
the photos are a bit deceiving. the quality and look of the badges are of cheaper quality than the pictures they provided. the pictures posted don't show the thick white on the sides either
While its plastic and will protect your document/s and/or electronic device, the clipboard type holder isn't strong enough. It needs some rubber stoppers of some sort to hold pad in place. I notice that it slips out very easy. It's definitely long enough for legal size pads. I like the locking handle and edge type protectors. However, I'm assuming either its defective on one corner or because of the plastic material, its warp and one end doesn't close down all the way. There's a slight gap between the grey protected corner. Other than that, the inside compartments are large enough to hold a couple erasers in one and paper clips in other. While its durable for outside work, don't assume its water resistant by allowing it submerge. It will leak water inside. I do recommend it in all fairness but I wish they'd take note and add rubber stoppers to the clipboard holder.
My daughter needs this calculator for a class in school. The first one lasted a year and a half which isn't typical of a Texas Instrument. My son has a different calculator he's been using for 4 years and it is still going strong. I bought the same one that she had because it is what she insisted she needed. It worked for a few weeks and all of a sudden stopped again. Her teacher even looked at it to try to figure it out and couldn't. I played around with it and reset it a few times and left it out in the light to charge better and it works sporadically now. Won't buy another one.
Not bad but it could be better
One of these the purple was dry
A few of pages were dirty/ had something on them.... other than that all was good!
Their a great case if you never have to take it off. Otherwise be carefully you will break your phone trying to remove
Great product BUT in order to register, you must belong to Facebook. I do not. This diminishes the value of the product for me.
Love my Tom pens, but some ran out of ink quickly
FLIMSY NOT VERY STICKY
I ordered 3. The first seemed to work pretty well. The second was telling us we needed to remove the tape (we already did) and ultimately told us it was the wrong cartridge. We're on the 3rd now, we'll see how it goes.
Since using this product, my printer does not print in black only. Don't know what I'm doing wrong or if it's the ink. barbara
It works. It comes without a cable to connect to your computer however.
Only one of the two tapes worked.
I thought it works as a real telephone
Somehow I did not grasp they were paper.
Bought these because I needed name tags on a tighter budget than the Avery labels would allow. They were okay. At least 8-10 of the plastic sleeves in each box were really wrinkled/warped. Also, I ended up using some Avery paper (leftover from a previous project) for a few tags, and the printing was much better on the more expensive paper. Overall, I was pleased with these -- they fit our budget and were fine for our not-that-fancy PTA event, however, if I was making name tags to impress people, I'd probably spring for the more expensive version
It was hard to stick my cards in it, ended up tearing.
Not very “jumbo”. It didn't make it all the way around my neck to make a comfortable pillow. But it is cute!!! Suggest for children.
Dried up to quickly within the pens. Some could not ever get to write. Some were very spotty and skipped so much that I gave up using them. The colors & ink on the ones that worked well were wonderful.
Keyboard stand is sturdy but the mousepad attachment is crap. Looks fine as long as you don't touch it.
This stapler looks nice but the staples provided jam up every use. I almost tossed the whole thing but then tried just regular staples in it that I had in my office from my old stapler and now it works just fine
The only problem i have is with the picture and the product i received.The product shows no logo the product received has a logo on it approximately 1 3/4" by 1". I was no looking for an advertisement for the company in my office. Picture of the product should show the logo on it. I would have bought another product without the logo.
The second hand set does not ring. Only usable if I call out.
Don't expect to use this mat right out of the box. It took days with heavy objects on the corners and in the middle to get them flat enough to even put a chair on. They also have a textured top surface so the chairs do not easily glide on them - thinking about returning them if they don't flatten out completely in a few more days.
The papers I print have ink dust at the top of each page. I'm a bit a disappointed.
cards are much smaller than I expected
These didn't fit a standard mop pole or broom pole. Great quality but didn't get the job done
Very tiny. Not sure the ink is going to last very long. May send back for larger, wider version.
They are to big to be stock scissors, they good lefty scissor but not stock
i didn't use this product because it wasn't what I thought it was for. I am sure the value was good and the cord probably would have worked as intended but it wasn't what I needed for my device
just needed them to be lined.. I will have to make due.. not returning..
Could be about 5-6 inches longer and wider, I "run off" the pad sometimes but it's still better than fighting the carpet,
I was really excited for this desk because, as the lazy person I am, I enjoy working on bed. This was perfect for keeping my laptop from overheating while also being able to double as a makeshift easel when going outside to draw or paint. I still adore it despite the three stars. Only problem is that the little wedge provided does not fit the premise holes. :( it's a little hard to see in the photos but it seems like the right hole was placed in the correct position but then was moved slightly to make it too wide for the bamboo wedge. Otherwise amazing product!
Honestly takes way too long for the ink to dry on these labels. I am using a OEM HP black ink cartridge and HP Envy xxx printer. standard stuff. Won't be buying these again just for that reason.
I was a little disappointed in item as the black bands inside case which hold pencils in place were ripped. Hence some of pencils are not held securely. I wish I had saved packaging to return.
bought some folders to put in this and they do not fit properly when placed within the 3 rings.
If printer is not used and sits for a period of a week or so ink clogs jets
Not very soft at all.
Dont trust the delivery date. We purchased the product because it was Amazon prime received 5 days later
The ink seemed dry and the colors were very light.
I like the style and all of it but, the snap side where you should be able to add other keys - constantly comes undone. I'm always checking it since I don't want the keys on it to end up on the floor somewhere. Too bad, because its really nice otherwise.
This is probably because of user error, but I thought it was going to be a little larger. It's cute though, and I was able to give it to a friend to use for her actual desk.
Only recd one of five markers from platinum paint. Be careful ordering from there
The first cartridge in my 2 pack was fine and lasted quite a long time. But the second one was empty.
This was exactly what I was looking for - perfect size, professional looking, value for money etc. The only problem I encountered was that they were not very sticky and they kept coming undone, which was very disappointing. If they would have just been a little stickier I would have given them five stars.
Didn't like the size thought it was larger. Frame was cracked when it arrived.
I like the idea of the multi-colored zip closures but the zip closure isn't very durable. I had one or two to come off its tracks.
They are cool, but they loose magnetism after a while.
Does not fuse to paper as well as OEM
Works as intended, but the sponge breaks down super fast. Needed a few more to finish project as they tore up too fast to make them work correctly.
I didn't receive the ink bottles and I ordered 2 stamps. Other than that, it's worth the money and I would give 5 stars.
I would give this 3 stars because I had issues install ink. The printer immediately knew that it wasnt hp ink. Then it kept reading error for ink inhad to keep installing ink in order to bypass error the clear film was hard to take off also which made it difficult to install.
edges chipped on almost every card
My granddaughter loved this. However, it took FOREVER to come - 6 weeks or more - and was not here in time for Christmas. And that is why I ordered it so far ahead! The box was very nice but was damaged in shipping. A disappointment to say the least.
I received my card holder last night and I had chosen the Matte Black color option. The lid is metal, however the base is all plastic. Im pretty disappointed as this color option cost more, and it does not fit the "Heavy-Duty Metal Business Card Holder" description. The plastic base feels very flimsy and could possibly be easy to break.
Not sure how I feel about this. The pen has a very visible and large seam on both the cap and the body of the pen. Not what I expected for a "premium" resin pen. Is it possible that this is a fake?
The 5 squares per inch on the back are dumb. I regret buying
I love the card and my grandson will really be surprised. The biggest problem is on this card there is no where to write a note. Another problem with this card we always give our grand kids money for their birthday and there is no way to put money in this card.
Bags aren't great for apparel, the cellophane is too rigid. Would be good for books or something that doesn't need to bend or fold. The adhesive seems to stick well enough, just not exactly right for my needs.
It's ok. I think I might need to buy a pen grips though.
Stylish, but not as functional as I hoped. The stapler doesn't hold many staples, and it sticks every time I use it. Not worth the price.
I purchased this because I saw it being used in another classroom. Unfortunately, the handle keeps coming off. My husband fixed it once, but it continues to happen. When the unit stays together, it is a great sharpener.
I did have some pain relief in certain areas but pain transferred into others. Unfortunately i feel like i need more support for my back :/
They are nice , easy install but if you do a lot of printing you'll need a larger size. These don't hold a lot of ink
Nothing to dislike. things in order
I was disappointed with this item because the most important feature (the mirror) is made with some type of material that resembles a fun house mirror distorted. Sorry
Says something is wrong with the ink pad and I've not had this printer for very long. Disappointed
Scanner is no longer working and there's no support for it anywhere. UPDATE: I contacted the seller, even though the return window had passed, they were very responsive and got back to me right away and fixed the problem. I will purchase from them again.
I hate giving a 3 star review, but I received this package with only one pencil inside, yet there was no damage to the package itself. When I said I wanted to return it, I was told I cannot. So, the factory made a mistake, quality control made a mistake, the packer made a mistake. It really irritates me, and yet for $3 for two I wasn't going to worry about it, I was just trying to let them know and yet this seems to be the only way.
I like these well enough but wish there were fewer unhealthy food celebrations
As the previous reviewers say... the tape skips a lot. A bit frustrating but you can open and roll the tape a bit and keep going. Still usable but not the best out there...
Papermate pens used to have ribbed edges and feel well made. I miss the old ones.
They're a lot tinier than I was expecting
We always order these phones for our restaurant and they work fine for awhile.
I ignored the other reviews thinking I could use pliers and get them up, if needed. Even with tools my hands are red and I've only made it through about 10 of the 30 that I need. These are way too hard to open!
Bought this in 2017. It died today. I guess it was worth the money though I didn't use it often.
Does the job. But the retractor broke when I dropped my badge. Very odd since I didn't drop it from a tall height or with much force.
The mouse pad it self is great, large size, cheap prize, works well. However! The reason I'm giving this a 3 star is due to the smell... It doesn't go away, and it gets on your hands... If chemicals are rubbing on your skin while you're using it... is it really worth the cheap price?
I was disappointed that there are single letters. I had to order multiple packs which became expensive.
Loved the layout, but I expected this to be an A5, not a full 9x11 notebook type planner. I think that was my mistake. It was nice, but the paper was flimsy and so was the cover of the planner. Need this layout but with better paper and in a smaller size. I can write in smaller lines, I promise! Please make one!
This, while having a nice cling, does not heat shrink very well if at all. That was the main reason why I purchased it. So while it does snap into place after a tight wrap you can't get the air out or mold it down with the heat cause it doesn't work with heat. I've tried the heat roller on it and the air heater I'm thinking of putting it into the heater but because of some of the items I use it for I'm afraid it will affect them by getting to hot. First time I ever had a problem with heat shrink wrap. I won't be buying this type again.
Wondering if it's legit... ballpoints are designed differently and not as smooth as the Hobo pen. Sigh.
Not ergonomic and against common stapling practice. Not recommended
Some pens leaked and now I have spots here and there on my canvas. Should've stuck with a sharpie. They didn't write too well either.
This is the right texture holes but the wrong size . Maybe I miss grad the dimensions but it certainly does not fit the Patricia Nash binder I have
A good pad, doesn't slip and everything. A bit smelly though, and for gaming i'd suggest to have another mouse pad
Some pens didn't work.
This is a nice, small sharpener but we did not realize it does not have a power cord. It only works on a USB. It takes up one of our USB ports on our computer. Since we only have a couple and the cord on it is short, we had to use one in the front. Not really happy about that. It sharpens fairly well, though.
Found it to be a little larger than I really wanted. Was able to use it in another setting so it all worked out.
I could not find them anywhere - so online. I took what I could find. They work, but are not as sturdy as the ones I used to be able to buy in an office supply store.s
Very useful, but when you want to unstick it and move it somewhere else the glue of it is very strong and takes a lot of strength to remove it.
These are great for people who are learning to write like babies and even for them, they do not know where to put the fingers and how to put it on a pencil.
Issue I had was resolved.
This device does what it is supposed to do but the screen is a bit small to see the picture. The directions are terrible but I am learning to use it by trial and error. I tried to find better instructions on line but no luck with that.
Not the pencil I was hoping for.
I like it. Very durable and dependable for the price.
these are our go to barcode scanner, this one had issues, could not scan the barcodes more than a few inches away. sent back for a replacement
It can hold two pieces of paper together, It did take 4 days to receive. Next time I will buy locally.
Was expecting something a little bigger but it does what I'm wanting so it's a good buy if you want something to take around with you and easily draw
I use this for my mac and with limited use the product offers what its meant to. You should keep in mind the table will work in only the direction the wheel arm below is facing. Any other direction will lop side the weight - simple physics.
Not fountain pen friendly
Smallest size allowed by USPS. Simple padded mailers like you would find at Daiso. Good price.
Cleans up very well. Magnets aren't very strong so slides down the fridge unless I have something under it.
I was disappointed they were not fold over note cards. My fault for looking at the price and not the reviews. Nice colors and I will put them to use, but the description and packaging seems deceptive.
It's only magnetic along an imaginary mohawk line. Even though a gag gift, it's useless.
I love coloring with these pens. However, a few of them are missing the rollerball tip so the ink just pours onto the paper. They were pretty inexpensive so not really worth dealing with returning it. You do have to give the pens a little shake sometimes to get the ink flowing again as they will stop periodically while coloring.
Sensivity of the tablet is not high enough. It works fine otherwise.
Pens leak somewhat at the tip but the make up of the pens is pretty good
I bought the espresso brown version and it was darker than I expected, it's almost just black. The shelf came with a big scratch on the top as well but I figured it wasn't worth returning since the shelf is above eye level for most people so you won't see the scratch anyway.
Pretty flimsy. But good deal and value for the price.
The dispenser and labels are great, but packing tape is really cheap and doesn't stick to cardboard well.
I love the colors and how neat they came out when writing. It was amazing not having to worry about dust all over. The only thing I was disappointed about was that they didn't wipe off so easy and stained my chalkboard and the labels that come with the markers. I had to stop using them unless it was going to be permanent on the chalk board.
the map is very hard to keep from getting scratched. The coating comes off too easy if it gets agents something.
I like the brightly colored pictures. I bought it for my 7 great old son and I know he will love it. But I was a little disappointed in the quality. Its pretty flimsy paper and smallish. The price wasn't much so I should have known I guess.
Most dryer out after one us
Thought these were the bigger version. I can still use them but not what I wanted.
The stand did not work
Don't have a lot of space but otherwise that's a great pen case
Not as easy to use as one would hope. Almost returned them.
At least it's not too small or thin
Really like this product, but as seen in the pictures, the screws supplied slipped right through the holes. I made an easy modification by adding washers I already had, but I just don't feel like this should have been required. Recommend for the manufacturer to include washers, or supply screws with larger heads to prevent slip through.
smaller than I wanted but it's functional
Nice notebook but was much smaller than it appeared online.
These are great little scissors. Body is painted metal, blades are quite sharp. The scissors came in little sleeves, but the sleeves were all connected. There was no way to separate the sleeves without tearing its neighbor, so the sleeve quality is not the great. The scissors AND the sleeves were also coated in what I think was machinery grease, probably from production. but it was really gross. Scissors seem to work ok though.
They are good just not what I needed.
I was NOT aware that I purchased a used pricing gun. works fine.
Use it on my netbook which is pretty light but it keeps sliding down.
Well the ones that work have a beautiful release, but three of them had no ink at all. Three!
its ok...looks bigger in the picture
I've only bought brother brand replacement cartriges for my printer. The 3 before this one worked great. This one however, around 50% capacity started having issues printing clearly on the right side of the page. I followed the instructions on their website, and nothing helped. Looks like I'm only getting 50% out of this cartridge.
Although I liked that it came in on time, I really disliked the fact that it came blended. The paper is super thin which makes me afraid it might tear easily, but it is a beautiful color. Would recommend packaging better next time.
Very cute Perfect size Easyly damaged :(
Basic, bare bones calendar. Not all holidays are included. Nice big spaces. Good if you don't care for all the fluff.
Very nice bag. Compact and smart looking
It was great for six months until now that the zipper broke and can't be fixed.
These cartridges are so much cheaper than the OEM version so I figured it was worth a try. The first one was good but the pull tape on the 2nd was broken which made the cartridge unusable. I had to return.
The Paper is, as to be expected from Rhodia, almost perfect. However the biggest downfall of this notebook is the cover and binding. After about 3 months of use in a backpack, the back cover has detached from the spiral and consistently falls off regardless of how many times i try to securely reattach it. If this notebook had the paper quality of Rhodia and the binding quality of something like a five star notebook, it would be worthy of 5 stars.
Haven't had it long. Already starting to tarnish after a month of use. Not super happy about it.
Color coding, room options and write in capabilities all make these very helpful. They aren't large though and I could only put 1 on each box so as not to run out so I wonder if the movers will see them.
arrived with one slot broken, but I needed it right away so I'm using it anyway
we use it for the door to our garage... slides like door is too heavy but it's a regular door. really annoying to put two together to make it work.
this gun is ok. Maybe its the tape that came with it but it is not as easy to use as our other gun. When it arrived the screws were not tight and the cutting guide kept popping out. Tightening the screws fixed that. when I put in a new role of tape it worked better. Still not sure if it is the gun, the tape, or maybe a bad operator.
Phone is fabulous and print is easy to read. Only downside for my 91 year old mother is she can't read fast enough to keep up with what is being said. This has nothing to do with the phone but rather more that she needs to practice using the technology. UPDATE: elderly mother complains of the loud ring and refuses to use this. Major downside that I missed the return window hoping she would give this a chance. I think the phone is good - it's just tough on the elderly to try new things. I heard from her audiologist that this is not uncommon.
Wish it was a little bit bigger, its a little small. Only held 2 pens in each spot.
It works as advertised. Hitting it with a hammer does not work well. The rebound cause everything to jump wildly. A lever type crimper would give more control. I put parts in the crimper and squeezed it with a vise to get good controlled crimps.
These are just "okay". Kinda expected better for the price... not sure if these will actually hold up to my kids. Wish I would have bought plastic ones.
Cute just not what I thought I was ordering
I like the variety of shades. Just wish all the array of the same color were together instead of separated.
Some of the markers tips came broke and dried out. Would have been great other wise.
I bought this as I needed a little more chomping power than my 10 year old Fellow's which had been very good, but wanted more power for going through my old office archives. It likes on average about 12 pages all though it advertises up to 18 sheets. One issue that is PITA, is that about every 100 sheets which is about a 1/3 basket full you have to stop open the basket and clear away all the excess hanging paper underneath the shredder as it senses full. My older Fellow is a lot more tolerant with paper being close to the shredder and dropping away from it. After smashing the bag 3 times you have paper outside the recommended bags as they don't fit all that well if you are consistently compacting. In all it does shred more faster than my old Fellows and hopefully last as long.
Smaller than expected.
I don't want to review the actual product, just wanted to warn others to beware of the size. It is much larger than I expected. I will have to decide what to do with them.
It tends to get dirty too quickly. I ended up ditching it after a few months.
I bought these erasers for my PhD brand pencil. They were listed as a replacement eraser. They do work but are not much more than the stub that was the original eraser. Still searching to a true replacement.
Delivered on time, A little overpriced but not bad.
The quality and selections were nowhere near as good as the previous Disney postcards I have purchased. Would not recommend these, but the Pixar sets are made really nice and A lot of good characters
I really wish 3M would go back to the smaller style that came in a clear plastic holder. These are ok but I don't like such a big tab so I cut off 1/2 of it.
I like it in general... I mean, it's super useful, inserts are cool and the customization potential is HUGE. But it is not so well crafted... as others said before me, you can tell the thing is made from two menus hot pressed together. Aside from this, there is the fact that the platic films are kind of opaque so you dont get the vibrant colors depicted in the pictures, It always look white-ish. It will get the job done, but i will probably modify it for it to look awesome enough for my players.
Ended up returning these. Several didn't work.
I really like that it's unlined. It gives me room to set up my writing as I wish. The pages are thinner that I would like them to be. There is no ink transfer per se but I can see the writing especially when using more runny inks. It's easy to carry around. Overall I'm happy with my purchase.
Great. Printer. but. It. Is. Slow.
The grip is not comfortable, and the mechanism that rotates the lead rotates in such small increments that I don't think it's effective. It's also not that much thinner than 0.5mm pencils that are much more common. I'd avoid this and spend a little more on a better 0.3mm mechanical pencil if you really want one. I only bought it to try because I found 9 tubes of replacement 0.3mm pencil lead in a vacant desk at work.
Disappointed that the cross cut is long.
Like the set up of it
(this was a gift) My friend loves the style of this journal! He uses the strap and says the pen writes great. Unfortunately, I did not unwrap it before putting it in a box for him, and when he unwrapped it, the corner was crumpled. The bend has flattened somewhat, but my friend loves the journal too much to care.
Would be better with a rubber ring instead of metal
The color is good. The dots are not in the same place in every place because the printing was off. The space between them is the same though. It's not very practical because it's a little hard yo keep it open. I wish I could flip it 180°
Nice Clipboard because it is made of plastic and does not rattle while driving around. When you open the storage compartment, it opens from the side, and therefore, if it is not lying on a flat service, everything inside of it wants to dump out in your lap. The clip is not very strong either. If you get more that 3 sheets of paper inside clip they are constantly wanting to fall out. Very nice clipboard if you just want to hold papers while they are on your desk, but not very practical for an active user.
LD is good quality ink. I love this brand but 1 toner after I replace into the printer, The message "Change toner " keep show out. I try to fix and thought I might install it incorrectly few times. Finally I change another brand new one, It works. This brand new toner might be empty inside.
I was looking for something to carry my 11 x 17 architectural drawings to met with clients. It does keep the drawings dry and protected, and it's easy to carry. I didn't realize, however, how stiff the material would be. It makes the portfolio look and feel rather cheap, and the stiffness means that the portfolio doesn't stay open when I lean it on its side. I'll probably look for something nicer.
I haven't used them yet, but they came in fast. Thank you
Typical printer marketing. Bought the printer new for the same price as the replacement ink cartridges.
Very high quality journal. Arrived badly dented at one of the corners though...
This mousepad looks nice but the material is weird- it has lines which throw off my wireless mouse and sometimes make my cursor go sideways when I am moving it straight across the pad. If I rotate the pad so the lines are going straight across, then it works. It's just annoying and I would honestly go with something else
Terrible print quality even after cleaning head several times
For the price they are okay, not much ink in them.
Tested this product out, I let the ink sit to soak the brush for a day so it was 100% coated, but that's mainly cause i forgot about it (it should take only a small bit of time to soak to the brush). Looks like it's made for short, tiny/skinny lines, because when you try to go bigger/thicker/curvier, the brush paints/looks like like a frayed, dried marker. Also, the package comes with only 2 ink cartridges, theres not one in the pen. Yhe entire thing is in a different language(not a bad thing), so if you dont know how cartridges work with pens or any details you'll have to look it up!
This cart is really colorful and I think it will be useful. I was disappointed because it was very flimsy. For the money I paid for this product, I thought it would be much sturdier.
Im not able to measure if the radiation is not trespassing this item, but what I can say is, my computer gets hot while its on this "shield", and it doesn't like me.
Didn't fit my printer, so I had to return. However, I got a full refund.
Love the product itself, but received it damaged twice.
I love these so much! Perfect size to carry around and jot down little notes!
I found this a little stiff and kind of hard to work with.
First cartridge didn't work at all. Just put in the second one today so we shall see, The price was so much cheaper it was worth a shot. Previously tried a different brand of remanufactured cartridge which worked well consistently. Can't find them now.
4 binders for $11 was probably too good to be true. The quality here is pretty poor. 3 of my binders came are probably average quality for the price, but one came pretty messed up. I'm using these for mostly storage but if you are someone who is going to be opening and closing and abusing these binders I don't see them lasting very long.
Its okay. It does the job and all. The board is really thick which is good but the letters don't hold on to or locks. They easily fall out of the board sk you have to press hard make sure the letter doesn't come off.
The silk flowers on the tops of these pens are really pretty and very colorful, but the pens are so long and thin that it is very hard to write with them. The points are fine rather than medium. They make a very pretty bouquet of multi-colored roses as well as pens.
Cute key ring but the tape it trash I used glue I had after that ur good the tape they send does not work
a little stubborn to work the perforations. don't be in a rush. tedious to use double side tape to adhere to our project. should have just bought the re-positionable ones at Staples for similar cost. But they have clean lines, a nice heavy weight. re-usable.
One of my sharpies (the blue one as pictured) cane with the cap barely on. When I tested it, my worries came true, it was completely dried out. The others work great, I have used sharpies before. Packaging needs to be done better to ensure that the markers don't dry out.
...but, my lord, that's a lot of money for ink!
I have a Zebra thermal printer that I rely on for printing shipping labels for my small business. Bought these because of the Zebra reference in the description. My experience has not been good. Although the quality of these labels are not lacking in the least, my printer spits out two labels each time I print a single label. Decreasing the size of the image doesn't help and there isn't anything I know to do to make adjustments that will keep the entire image on one label. The labels from other sellers/manufacturers didn't cause these issues, and what I have found is that my older labels measure 6.25 inches by 4 inches. These labels measure exactly 6 inches x 4 inches. That extra 0.25 inch makes a difference.
I presume they work. Fit easily in wallet credit card slot. It does make it a little more difficult to use the card, as it has to be removed first, but that's not a big deal.
Not a single piece was labeled, which turned a 10 minute job into an hour job. My husband is a contractor and can usually put these things together in no time... not today. I hope this organizer is worth the hassle. And not that it makes a difference but this is made of laminated MDF. Wish it came in white. 🙃
Smaller than I expected !! It will do 👍
Good for a couple of years in Uniden cordless phones.
The cards are really cute, but why would they include the ugly brown envelopes? That just completely ruins the cute cards. To trash or not to trash...
Paper is really good quality, but the “sticky” is not so hot. If it does come off when you remove the sheet from the pad, it won't actually stick to anything, or at least not for long. The sticky part mostly stays on the next page. More like glue. Great as a pad, not so much for sticky notes.
Do t see how this can help
Could be a little higher quality for what you pay for.
Cheap plastic. one was broken when it arrived
I really liked the tips of these pens. They were easy to do lettering with and would be good for practice for newbies like me at lettering. HOWEVER. The ink in the pens was disappointing. After barely writing, the pen dries quickly. The colors also aren't that vibrant or bold. They are almost muted in color. I was very sad about this because I really liked how easy the tips were to letter with.
most of them were very wet and drippy. I needed to layer over and over to get the colors to show. the white was the only one that worked right.
Hard to use, very cake-y, but looks good once it is on.
Very cute product , however they didn't want to stick to my calendar very well as most stick notes would . But my daughter loved scribbling on them .
Some of the markers were already dried out when I received them.
Does as expected. Hard to see LCD as it is not back lit. PROBLEM Does waste A LOT of tape on first or each label. Believe if this was addressed by Brother it would be a 4 or 5 star product. Must either do chain printing to conserve tape or if different labels such as file names, type as one label with a space or two between before printing and then manually cut then apart. If not each label will use inch or two between each label wasting more tape than used.
Slightly thicker than normal paper but not as stiff or thick as card stock. Didn't work out for the invites I wanted to make, also package was a large plastic fedex envelope no issues there however once package was opened the actually packaging the paper came in looked rough torn edges, other than that the product itself was not damaged.
My keychain broke within the first month I had it, but I was able to add it to another chain. Over all, it's very cute!
*Update. I'm going to update to 3 stars as the customer service was impeccable. They offered to take care of the concerns in a timely manner and they were very helpful. Leather appears to be fake to me, has a chemical smell to it. There are 3+ distinct pieces of leather that make up this cover. 2 of them have a slightly different interior color and the larger one really looks/smells like chemicals. The design is very solid overall and construction is good.
The clock works ok but it is difficult to set properly. I somehow set the alarm and can't turn it off. I've tried everything short of a hammer but it won't reset. Possibly operator error but I'm not usually that un-saavy with these things.
I was unimpressed with this set.I was looking for a gel pen set to replace the one I got from Costco that were a pain in the butt to use but had great color options.
Let's start off with the positives of this product , I really like the dark walnut color and the way it makes my desk look and feel more organized and well the price i guess it's okay ..... The negatives would be like the instructions there complicated the way the screws show when you assemble it kind of makes it look tacky , it's like not leveled the material is very cheap so it is easily scratched or chipped .
If you plan on using this to scan documents, expect to have to buy 3rd party PDF generator software. Photo and negative scans work well. The document scanning software that comes with it is nearly useless because it doesn't allow you to change the brightness/contrast or tone curves of black and white or grayscale scanning for PDF generation. This makes documents lose half the text to fading to whiteness. My 12 year old Canon scanner would allow you to set the grayscale parameters before PDF generation, so the new software is a step backwards.
My 6700 no longer works, not sure what is wrong - keep getting messages about toner & replacing cartridges has not helped. I think HP has mastered the art of determining what your printer is using for cartridges.
I really LOVED this when I ordered it. The anchors are ridiculously big and I wrote on the "chalkboard" with a chalk marker and it would not come off. Little disappointed.
I was very disappointed by how dim this light is, even when plugged in and fully charged. That makes the magnification feature that much less useless. The detachable handle is a good idea, but not when your light is burning out in five minutes. The gooseneck arm is solid and very stable, and is the clip. I could go for a longer arm, but if this thing were just brighter and offered color temp changes. i'd be a happy camper.
The hardware (device) it's self is 5 star. Simple, small and sturdy. Why three starts then? The knock off software is awful. 70% 30% for compatibility for adobe flash/reader/publisher and the same for Windows Notes. Tried other scanners and had no such problems.
Ok, we wanted a better compass, but this too has its issues. I wish we could find the right sturdy compass.
This is a pretty cheapskate thing to do... charge me 3 dollars more but include all the pieces to use the printer in the box. It is absurd have to search the fine print of your product description to find out i'm missing some tiny inexpensive piece required to make the device function.
The price is reasonable and the print quality is almost as good as name brand.
I ordered this ink in Sept 2017 and it lasted until March 2018. Ordered again in March 2018 and it lasted until Sept 2018. This time I ordered it in Sept 2018 and it is now out of ink just 3 weeks later! I don't think the date was expired, but I do think the cartridge wasn't full. I'll try it again one more time because it's been great in the past, but if it doesn't last longer than 3 weeks next time it will be my last.
The ink did not last very long, went back to my hp ink
Got everything in good shape...but its a bit heavier than expected.
Larger than expected. Lots of wasted space. I'd prefer bigger day blocks for writing, but the tabs are nice.
The velcro is a bit weak as others have stated. I don't have issues with it holding like some users have, but it definitely isn't as strong as other brands and I'm not sure how well it will hold up over time.
Product was perfect, the shipping was not. I pulled the box out of my mailbox & I lost some of the paperclips. The container they were packed it was not sufficient. Somehow the container opened & all the paperclips were loose & coming out of the shipping box. Cleaning up 200 paperclips is not fun when you clean up after kids all day.
Does not lay well around neck and to short
It's pretty but I had to press it under some books to get the covers to be flat.
The tag says it's genuine leather with simulated leather trim. This Bible cover is plastic-y plush with a polyester interior and obviously fake leather exterior. I got it for my 9-year-old son, who chose it on looks, not material, but I'm not anticipating it holding up to the abuse a young boy will put it through. It does look nice, and hopefully it'll protect his Bible better than nothing. I'm just very disappointed with the misleading labeling.
While I like the overall size of this desk, it doesn't really fit my laptop very well (it is a bit small). Also, I tend to like to use a separate keyboard and the second shelf cannot be pushed in and out, so it is not as convenient as I would like. The main issue I have with this desk though is that it is very wobbly. I have tightened it multiple times and it just keeps loosening back up.
Worked well but was smaller than expected
I've been using this for about a month. The screw that keeps everything together loosens every time you move your keys, so you have to constantly tighten that screw. Other than that, it looks good, it's easy to put together. The leather has gotten very soft. As is, I wouldn't pay $30 for this again, but if they improved the leather quality and screw mechanism it would be 5-star and worth the price.
It's tiny but sturdy. I like the hard cover but mine did not come with the bookmark.
Since I haven't used them yet I can't speak to quality, but the price was excellent.
This didn't work that great on my white board, it left a thick colored smear of residue behind. I assumed it would work great because of the brand but it seems like they cheaped out on the formula.
Item was as advertised.
They took far too long to arrive! Other than that, they are useful for soaking off stubborn glitter nail polish or acrylic nails.
Colors are great, however they ran out of ink too quickly
2 of them have broken. There rest seam strong, and I have been using them everyday I kind of wish I would have gone with a carabiner.
I've had this printer a couple years now. Between the constant updates and expensive ink I can easily say I'll never buy epson again. We do a moderate amount of household printing and it seems like it is always asking for a new cartridge. The print quality sucks compared to my old HP. Smudging and running of letters on documents appear even after going through all the maintenance features, which also use a high amount of ink to complete. It worked great at first but started showing issues conveniently as soon as the warranty expired.
It seems to be as ordered except that I paid extra for overnight air and it took four days!!! Money back for shipping!!!
I bought these as a Christmas present and they feel really cheap. It writes okay though.
Desk feels OK, and is the right size for my new computer setup. I'm able to get 3 24" monitors on this desk, with room to spare for the keyboard, mouse, etc. The desk has lost some stars due to there being damaged upon arrival. There is an indention, as if this desk was used prior and returned, and someone had something clamped on the desk. One of the corner protectors came cracked as well. One thing that I couldn't tell in the picture is that the legs are NOT wood, like the top of the desk, but are a hollowed metal. For the price, I expected it to be made entirely of wood.
It will till over so u might want to buy a lighter monitors. Also the two monitors cannot be close together so there is a big gap in the middle. If u try to put them together they will not balance.
I like the price and the quality of the print.
good deal for the money
They're what I expected and needed. The price is reasonable. Some have been difficult to open which is very frustrating. Other than that they work as expected.
Pencils were packaged poorly. When I opened the parcel pencils were coming out of the box, some tips were broken and one pencil had a split down the side. Not impressed with the quality and even less by the packaging. Hopefully the lead isn't broken inside. Disappointed 😔
The adhesive isn't as sticky as it needs to be. I tried to use it for under-desk wire management and they just fell off.
Didn't erase as I expected using the microwave method.
They don't like to stick to my wall. Might just be my experience, but the stuff I hung up is coming down, slowly but surely one or two things fall off the wall each day.
They served the purpose.
Not the smoothest running machine but then again it is a plastic housing. At times it felt like we might break the thing to get it unjammed. Slow and steady turning while watching for any signs of jamming and you should be ok. Can be frustrating at first. It's affordable and hopefully you don't have to use it that often.
I like how sturdy it is. Well made. Quality fabric. The downside is that it's too tight of a fit for a pad of paper (as seen here) and my laptop.
It's paper. But as other reviewers mentioned, it came with the packaging paper open. I received it with other items I ordered on Prime day, so I have I have no clue at what point the cover came apart. Some bent corners and curled edges. I hope the copier doesn't jam.
Not the best one I've seen for carpet. The ends are staring to roll up.
Like fine point pens but the .4 doesn't write very well will stick with .7
Broke within the first week
This envelope has been all I've expected it to be and more except when it comes to working seamlessly with my printer. It doesn't always go through the printer without getting stuck halfway through causing a jam and I'm not too sure that the paper this was made from is printer-friendly.
It is cool but too tight to retrieve cards from it
I printed a dozen pages of labels for my various jellies. The color was terrific! Three days later, I put the labels on 120 jars. After one day in the refrigerator, the ink had run and I couldn't even read the label. I then ran my finger across the other labels still in boxes and the ink ran on them. I have had to re-do all the labels on my black and white laser jet. Life goes on.
Super cute. I've had mine for a few months now. It did fall apart very quickly but I just hot glued it back together & it's been perfect since. Poor choice in glue used but still worth it for the owl piece.
The labels were what I expected them to be. BUT the software to print on these labels was next to impossible to use! It kept crashing and then wouldn't print. I finally gave up and hand wrote the prices on the labels. If you are hoping to print I would say don't buy these!
Little difficult to adjust he required position
Good palm size. Narrow lines as promised. Paper quality is not bad, but may be a little thin.
These tape flags are smaller than other brand name tape flags and the adhesion is not as good. Will be adequate for one time use where you don't need to re-position them. I thought I had not received the product, but later found the package in the bushes at our home.
Ink wasn't as dark as I'd hoped. Arrived quickly.
It should be one inch wider
Was disappointed to find the pen just put in a large box for shipping and was suppose to be in a pen box as in gift giving , a nice pen just do what you say you are going to do . Had to find a box for it to be wrapped for a Christmas gift.
No box was included and it was just thrown into a mailing folder. Luckily my pen arrived with no damage. Pen is awesome but would find another seller that ships the pen with the original box.
It wasn't very good quality and it wasn't even like it was in the picture
Absolutely beautiful stationery! Very pleasant experience writing on it. However, the envelopes leave something to be desired. They are not as attractive as the stationery itself for some patterns. Additionally, there are no seals included, and there is no glue on the envelopes.
these cut weird lol maybe I got a bad pack but they keep getting stuck
Daily maintenance adjustments are required.
Works well on paper that is not too heavy. Not good on poster board unless you use a whole lot.
Made nice. I thought it would be larger.
I have purchased four of these recorders in the past, because they work extremely well. The only reason I purchased so many of them was because I'm lazy with transcription and sometimes just opted to buy another recorder rather than transcribe the recordings from a previous recorder. The thing is that I bought the previous four recorders from Walmart, which seems to not sell them anymore. I bought my fifth one from Amazon in September 2018, and now, in December 2018, it has inexplicably gone from working just fine to sounding muffled like everything was recorded from beneath a pillow. The recorder was not damaged in any way. I am quite familiar with the settings, having now owned five of these, and I double, triple, and quadruple checked that the mic setting didn't get changed. No. The recorder just fizzled out after two months. I purchased this through Amazon Prime's fulfillment center, and it seems that their quality checks aren't what they used to be when they first started, as many counterfeit and outlet quality items are being sold as originals. I suspect that's what happened here, because my other four recorders have worked just fine for years, and it looks like I'll be clearing them out to start using them again. Not pleased, Amazon. Buyer beware.
The way it read, it was like I could scan larger documents like 12 x 12. When I recieved it, it stated that it had software to allow me to do this and I would have to scan each item twice-not what I wanted and I still have a lot of extra work involved. NOT HAPPY!
Only got 3 of the 4 I ordered
The good: It does work and I like the wide size for my mouse, but it's suprisingly flimsy so I don't expect it will last long. The wrist rest is weird...a big long lump, awkward and doesn't fit well at all. Overall, it's better than no tray, but nothing to get excited about. And don't count on a long term relationship with it.
The pens are good they came in the package nicely and didn't have any broken ones. The one big downside to this is I bought these for my lecture classes to take notes quickly and the ink not only takes a bit to dry but blowing on it doesn't help the drying process either. When writing you're gonna have your palm or part of your hand on the paper so the ink starts to get messy and and the word/s starts becoming unreadable
Pretty big White board... Comes with marker and eraser both magnetic. Magnet on board not strong enough.
One of them works flawlessly but the printer never recognized the second one. After a few reboots the printer then recognized it but now after every single print job the printer returns an unknown error on the display and I have to reboot it again. They work but it's a minor annoyance.
Ink is ink it worked when I used it
Enjoyed the layout better in this one has spaces for seating charts, field trips, birthdays and more.
I noticed that 2 out of 5 pens were previously used as they did not have a small cap on and the ink level was significantly low
After replacement still drum light is showing why?
I really wanted to like these. I've seen other reviews on Arteza products that were very favorable. However, I feel disappointed. I have used these in two different high quality adult coloring books. A Johanna Basford and a Leila Duly book. Both of these books have very small spaces that requires precision. These are listed as pens, but in my opinion they are more like a fine line marker. The cons: some of the pens are very dry, so that they scratch and skip over the paper which results in patchy looking coloration. The Caps and stoppers at the bottom of each pen appear to be color coded. However, the pen color is drastically different from the color indicators. I included a picture of some swatches I did for the greens. Colors G6 to GO are just Small example, but most of the pen caps do not match the ink color The dryer pens are impossible to blend or build color. Also, if one runs out of ink I don't see a reliable way to replace it, none of the pens have a color name or code. And I haven't seen a listing for individual pens. Pros: the ones that are on the wetter side will blend beautifully with practice and skill. I'm not that skilled, but I was able to get a couple of nice blends. The case they come in is a sturdy and a good travel size. For 20.00 there were a good range of colors.
Not having great luck with Amazon orders lately. This one came with no pre-drilled holes.
I feel like should have gotten the $12 one. It feels like cheap plastic ..but it works Cool clipboards for elementary schools
Not sure if it is the ink or just a bad printer but extra ink gets on the paper edges which means when you pick up your pages you get ink on your hands.
“Big” capacity still not big enough for my eighth grader's thin markers, colored pencils, and pens.
So far it's working okay give it a few months from now.
Ball point was great... fountain pen was lacking.
Packaging was destroyed and I'm surprised that the ink cartridge wasn't destroyed also luckily it still works so far.
If there are days the extend past the last week, the put them at the very top which makes no sense. There are little numbers printed on the top right corners of the days which I also didn't like. After fixing those issues I actually like it. It's a perfect size for my desk at work and when others sit at my desk before I get to work in the morning, they don't ruin my calendar with coffee cup rings and spills.
shipping was prompt, item packaged nicely, but these cartridges are not recognized by HP printer. would like return them. please provide followup information. thank you
I loved the colorful pictures but it would have been nicer if the pictures were on both sides of the paper and they were a little thicker.
I was a little disappointed as this came with no packaging and I was not sure I was given the full amount quoted online.
Glue arrive opened and had spilled out
This printer is just ok. It won't copy 2 sided to 1 sided. The menu of options is not intuitive. It keeps printing all docs 2 sided, even when I fix the settings. I would not buy it again, and wish I would have returned it.
Missing one of the four batteries
The toggle fell off easily
These bad boys just slide across the floor. They'd likely work better with a higher door, AKA one with a larger tolerance between floor and door bottom, but 5/16" isn't enough. I've edited my review to reflect tremendous customer service response, which included a couple alternative ways that made them work. One of which improved my application, although still not as good as I'd like.
Product received in a timely fashion, but a couple of the words were broken. I recommend cutting the pieces when removing from the brackets to avoid breaking pieces.
I only received 12 colors and 36 markers. One of the pink/red markers was missing. Also, at least one of the 36 doesn't work. The ones that do work seem really good.
Suuuuper smooth pen! Comes with a converter. Converter is not very high quality, did not take up too much ink. Too tall posted. Good weight. If I were to put in my own International converter in, I'd give 5 stars.
The packets are great. BUT! Half of them are sliced at the bottom of the bag wich makes them useless. I have to throw away every second one of them. Waste of money. See pictures.
They work great for pulling staples and saving your fingernails. I am not sure why it says magnetic because there is no magnet to them.
Works but the adhesive is a little weak/old and it comes up at the edges.
I actually like the keychain just do NOT like that it chips. I've had this a few months and it looks terrible.
Appearance very faded in person.
In about 6 months one magnet came out on a connector half. not sure if glue failed or plastic cover fatigued.
It's neat but the supplies keep falling out. I wish there was Velcro or something to keep the door from opening.
I recently went through a move and bought this tape as an affordable option from a name brand. The tape didn't stick to the cardboard boxes as well as I hoped it would. I would have to double or sometimes even triple the amount of tape used to assure the boxes wouldn't break open. Next time I move, I'll try a different brand.
My slime experts advise the clear glue yields a stiffer glue and they recommend using white glue for more flexibility.
The description says that this item can be hung on the wall or set on your desk. While it is really cute, it does not lie flat against the wall. The hanging hooks are on the top, while the wires that make up the back of the holder stick out further than the top hooks. Therefore, it hangs away from the wall in a crooked kind of way. While it would look great on a desk, I was getting this to get stuff OFF my desk.
Kind of awkward, one part of the week is on one page and the other is on the other page so I can't fold it or else I miss half the week!
i wont dog the product out...i got the wrong thing...when i got some transfer paper...things went GREAT !!!
Nice set but we returned it due to the 3.5mm microphone plug didn't fit into the headset.
I did a lot of research before picking this board. Unfortunately I have a tiny tear on the felt along the border because the insert moves around inside of the frame. Also I chose this board because of the easel stand. I love the idea of moving it around to display at wherever I wanted. Unfortunately my easel is crooked and I cannot use it to display the board like I wanted to. Maybe mine is just a fluke but it's still disappointing.
came damaged. on of the shelf welds was simply not there. but it functions fine.
I bought this markers so I could get into coloring my drawings. This markers didn't work out. They don't bend very well and your art ends up looking streaky. They come with good color options but the quality isn't there. I personally dont care for Prismacolors markers.
There are no labels of the colors and all look incredibly different on paper than the incredibly strong potent smell of PAINT which coats each of the pencils.
the piece that holds the ruler part is missing a part.
It's a great pocket size waterproof notepad. I'm buying it and prepare for basic training. The only thing I don't like about it is the smell. It smells like pvc cement (glue). Hope the smell would fade away in several days.
Basically, hand hand cutout thick leather piece with a stamp on it. The brown tan is an muddy brown. Nothing fancy but the mouse runs smooth across.
Just doesn't last very long when you are printing several times a week. We use this for my son's homeschool work/notes, and the catridges run out faster than I would like. Of course, I haven't found a home printer that doesn't do this, so I'm not surprised.
Image is a bit misleading as the 2 sections do not interlock but rather rest on top.
The ink is inexpensive but you do not get as many prints per cartridge as you do from the Brother Ink cartridges. Disappointed and will stick with the Brother ink cartridges in the future.
Disappointed in the Lamy red. The color is more pink then red. It's not a true red at all.
Print quality etc was good however the ink didn't last long. I definitely went through this ink quicker than I should have
Worked for what I needed labeling canisters in pantry
Package arrived cracked and beads were in package everywhere.
You would have gotten 5 stars if the black ink was full. It was not. I prefer buying recyclable but not if I don't get my moneys worth
The price was great, but yes, you get what you pay for. This is the thinnest paper I have ever purchased. I will not purchase due to that fact. If that is what you want, maybe to trace things, purchase. This is just my opinion.
Material quality and design is pretty good but the adhesive from the back didn't hold the planners weight and fell off about one week after putting it on the fridge
Works but not as self bonding as typical stretch films.
Namely, as someone else mentioned, you have to re tighten it after using it. Not every time, maybe every three times or so. I just use my thumbnail, so It's still much more convenient than a huge mess of keys, but it adds an irritating job to the mix. I would still recommend the product for key organization, it works great for that. Next time I'm going to spend more time with reviews though, and see if there is a product that doesn't require maintenance so often.
The color and print quality of the paper for both my Xerox machine and my HP printer is okay.. The problem I have with this paper is that it's extremely thin. Thus, the cost reflects the quality.
I like the layout of the days in the board and it fits my refrigerator fine. Those are the good points. The bad points are that only 2 of the round magnets actually function. The markers write but won't stay in the board with their magnets (plus they don't mark very well). Overall I'm happy with the board but the accesories are fairly useless. My advice is that if you need accessories don't count on these and be prepared to get some from another source.
The wrist bands were delivered in an envelope so when they arrived the were bent and had creases as they were not boxed. Other than that happy.
these barrels are shorter than the originals, making them poke out ever so slightly less than they should. There's no adjusting them, you just have to get right with writing a few millimeters closer to the paper than usual, and that's more uncomfortable than it sounds.
Arrived bent up in the box. The box was not damaged, but the item was poorly packed.
It is definitely better than sharpening pencils by hand but it shuts off randomly if you sharpen too many pencils in a row. Which can be frustrating at times because I am a teacher and I sharpen pencils in bulk. But good for the price.
The columns are too small to be very useful. If you have really small hand writing you'd probably be okay.
Ordered pink and got a neon yellow in a box labeled as pink. Still works I guess, just not what I wanted
I bought this little guy for work. I thought it was the satin black textured style. I was wrong. It's smooth, shiny and almost has a glittery finish. As far as function goes it is fine. Just a little disappointed in the aesthetics. I ended up keeping it and it is sitting in my garage collecting dust.
It was ok experience.
I didn't want to pay full price for HP toner cartridges so I purchased these. While they work, and quality is good, they run out quickly. Not much ink in them at all. I went back to HP and buy when there's a sale. Works out better!
Sturdy enough to maintain the files organized. Not much to be said, it does what is supposed to do and while I used it for my kids classroom they held strong against those little not so delicate hands.
not easy to change settings and also it takes it a while to print when you push the button, which makes you push again thinking it didn't register the first time, so you end up with more prints than necessary. great on ink savings but frustrating at times.
It's true it does have 4 different scales. However only one is imperial measurements. The other 3 are metric. For some this won't be an issue, however the blueprints I use are not metric.
Its really good at night but during the daylight it is very dim. 5000 lumens should be much brighter.
Works well when plugged in but did not come with a dongle and after purchasing one we can't get it to work via bluetooth.
I like the pens and the colors are wonderful, however; it's not 60 different colors. It's 30 different colors with what seems like a spare set of 30 of the same colors. Not what I thought I was buying. I guess it's nice to have extras but I wouldn't have bought it had I known this.
The ratio of Christmas to New Years was a little off. We ended up for a lot more New Years cards than expected.
The pages were so flimsy because they are made of paper.
Beautiful pens, I received a lot of compliments on them. Write well, too. But the ink didn't last long.
Expenses compare to the quality
Arrived quickly, well made, details perfect... but I would suggest a more quick drying ink. Almost all of my envelopes look like the photo, with smears.
The marker board doesn't work well with my dry erase markers, even with white board cleaner you can still see a haze of the marker. I ended up purchasing markers in a lighter shade to help eliminate the issue, it's still present, but not as bad. The cork board side is fine.
We had hem stored in a cabinet , and when we got a new one out it had leaked inside the plastic wrapper. That has only happened once.
I should have known. These are great for some things. But I needed them for pictures.
The cable was not included Otherwise product is amazing
It's good to have to learn States.
I give it more like 3.5 stars. I like the fact that my "I don't know" pile will fit in all of the pockets. The one downside I am having, I do not how much of a big deal that will be, is the hinges to fit on the door doesn't exactly work. In order for me to close my door all the way I have to lay them flat. So I don't know how much of annoyance that is going to be yet. That my make everything fall down, so we shall see.
It jams way too frequently. When it works, the labels look great!
Set is okay for the price. Magenta ran out in less than a month. Don't remember using that much red. Was there a defect in the magenta? Don't know.
I didn't send it back because it was a little over 2 bucks but it made the item condition go from new to used since it's smashed and torn. I know the product could have been better so I'm not going to give it a one star.
These came packaged in a bag & left in my mailbox. When I opened them they were crinkled in each corner. Not happy with sturdiness or packaging.
Really pretty but it didn't fit on my MacBook :(
I purchased this headset for the over the ear option. Unfortunately, that option does not work well for me. It does not fit or stay on my ear - making this headset not really worth it for me. I am using one of the other options, but that is not what I had wanted.
these pads are not like the ones I purchased before.These are cheap rejects! Will not purchase again!
Broken three months Frequent dropper of iPhone but never broken a protected case just upgraded a new phone case lasted less then 3 months. once it had small crack in case and dropped it again and whole corner cracked and chipped off now not protecting phone.If you drop your phone don't buy but if you're careful with your phone and you like cheap cases that are slippery go for it.
It was easy to put together, but the caster wheels are a bit hard to manage however. Now i dare say that i have not put it through its paces but this is a first impression review. it got here rather fast, a whole 5 days early to be exact! The instructions where a bit hard to understand, the text part but the pictures really helped, could have been a bit smoother but what can you do. it does not stand when folded up though but that is okay, it glides well in straight lines. yes it has two baskets, the one in the back and the one where you put your groceries. i think that the back basket could easily fit a purse if you needed one. I like it, i will give it more stars when i have used it on a grocery run and only if it performs well.
Honestly, I wouldn't buy them again in the color I did. I ordered a silver background, with black letters, but the silver is so shiny and reflective, it's hard to read the letters. I haven't had any issue with the label coming off, or smearing, so I guess they're OK. I'm only giving three stars though, because they are so hard to read.
I love the thin line of marker but ink ran out way too soon.
Didn't like the color quality, it was too dark. If color quality was like it was advertised the product would be perfect.
These don't have a strong adhesive. I have had to reapply or add glue to make them stick to the fabric and tile that I attached them to.
two speaker would be best
okay colors but they don't fit international pens. mine's a german pen, brand 'online' and it's the same size as LAMY fountain pens for cartridges. these refills are too short and just fall out. but i managed to tape a piece of cardboard to the back to make it fit snug. it writes well anyway, and the colors are good.
It's not like most other Moleskine journals, but it works for what I needed it for.
Though the quality of these report covers are good, I am disappointed because they are not actually RED. The color is more burgundy/wine red. The picture and color description is misleading...looks bright red but they are NOT.
tips over a little too easily.
I bought this folder and and I rlly liked it used this for couple weeks and the side ripped. I am wondering if I should get it replaced or return...
I got this too be a quiet wireless printer to print from ipads etc.
just ok not as good as reviews
It's a great size but when I opened it from the box I saw that its hard to open cause it's a little bit bent in but it still works
Not as sticky as I'd hoped. Doesn't erase easy.
Good service from seller and it works.
It's exactly what I excepted it to be. However, I just want to state a suggestion/improvement to the product. It would be nice if you have a quantity of 4 sets of legs. That way you could use an extra set to raise your stand a little higher. So I will have 2 spare plastic platforms and 2 outfitted with all the legs. I needed to raise my monitor just a tad more than what was provided. So, I ordered another one just so I can raise my other stand.
I had to work with a bit before it finally started only recording when someone is talking. I have an issue, when I hooked it up to test it to my computer it would not read it. If you could help me with that part would be fantastic.
The box came smashed - it was delivered in another box, so it must have already been like that (not an AMZ issue). Some of the envelopes were crushed. The self stick on some of the envelopes was not sticky, on others it was fine. The box was actually Office Depot envelopes with stickers over the brand (which is not an issue for me, but might be for some). I did like most of the colors, but they were NOT as shown. There were 2 shades of yellow that were VERY similar, a bright green, a red, and a (really pretty) bright blue.
The product itself works great, but when it arrived, the package was all torn up.
I bought them because I love skulls..for the price they are cool but they came in a little bent..
Not as happy with the fragrance as the previous brand I had.
These are very lightweight envelopes, and the bubbles inside seem to be lighter, larger, than what I normally get from the name brand. The paper on the envelope is easily torn.
Directions were actually wrong. Showed the wrong panel to be assembled.
This metal is very bendy. It won't hold my heavy coat. Good for lighter coats. The hooks can be bent by hand.
I ordered these cartridges for my hp printer but since I installed them I have not been able to print on the photo paper. Any suggestions? Thanks.
The headline pretty much sums it up. Barely visible metallic and the pigmentation isn't very good. The colors are pretty but don't “pop” on the board as much as I would have liked. If you plan on using these in a setting with even a moderate audience people further in the back may have a difficult time seeing the writing clearly. Probably ok for home or office use to make notes. Also, they're very difficult to erase. They won't stain the board but you will need to use a cleaner and some elbow grease to get it off. The eraser by itself won't do.
These tiles are super cute but they are not very good quality. They fall off of my wall at least once a week, it's now part of my routine to go around and press all the tiles back onto the wall, they come loose daily. They are also so thin that a standard push pin sticks out of it and doesn't go all the way in. It makes it very hard to secure anything to these tiles. They are also not the exact same size or shape, so the edges are slightly off.
Super thin and flimsy. Probably does what it advertises but I thought they would be thicker.
One of the set doesn't properly cut, but I only needed three anyway.
I've been buying these for years. They are light and very comfortable, which is the reason I keep buying them, but they have a shelf life. Every single one has stopped working after a certain period. I'd say anywhere from 6 months to 2 years. I consider these low priced and disposable. I'm going to be looking to pay more for a headset that will last longer but just as comfortable.
the screws get loose quickly
I like how compact it is and the trigger to pull up cards words fine I have speculation that the mechanism will not last longer than a year - I hope to be wrong
Not impressed.. save your money
The top cap section that "clicks" down to retract the pen feels sloppy and loose, and it pulls off far too easily. The matte black surface is cool but the feel of the mechanism is unpleasantly cheap.
These are just simple cardboard boxes. Hard to see how they can justify the price charged. The archival material can't be that expensive. They could add some value by providing some dividers, spacers to manage a partially full box or fasteners to hold the lid on.
It looks nice and what I can figure out to work right is good. I cannot understand what the caller ID voice is saying. Some calls just dropped on first ring when I push talk. I know it will take some time but I find it frustrating to figure some of it out.
I loved the colors, however I wasn't able to get them off when it came time to change my board. I had to put new chalk paint over it.
I found these very difficult to assemble. The "bolts" had extremely shallow indentation for the screwdriver which made them hard to tighten. A bit frustrating.
Pieces don't stay in the felt board.
arrived right on schedule with the estimated shipping. The box it arrived in was packaged well, however the tray that is used to support the projector or laptop did come warped so you will have to adjust the project in order to get it close to square on the screen. The only other thing that could have been better is the mat inside the tray could have been the size of the tray instead of a little over half the size but I plan to center it and glue it down so to keep it in place. Also 1 of the 6 clips is super weak and needs tape to keep closed when in use.
Never received the shoulder strap!! Packaging was poor
See the back of the paper after printing by HP printer. A paper is very thin. Price isnt impressive either. I would expect ~$5 for a ream since this is amazon basic brand.
This is my first go at bullet journaling. The pages are really thick. My only complaint is that the binding ripped off!
Some were nice some were poorly constructed
The pen looks great and the ink flows well, but the point of the pen is too sharp and it seems to catch on the paper. This results in it increasing the drag resistance and being harder to write with.
Seems sturdy and will do the job. But when I took the item out of the box, it was filthy. Black marks and had black on my hands, after a few paper towels and sprays of lysol we were all good. This would have definitely stained the carpet if I layed it down right away. Pain wiping the spike side.
A person gets what they pay for...it tips easily and rolling isn't very smooth. I do like the back support though
Beautiful wood but the versatility is unstable.
I stuck this to the back of my night stand. It could be that some cords were too short for pulling them through, but regardless it did not stick to the wood back very long at all. May have stayed 2 weeks.
I wish the binding was better. It's not going to last. The set up of goals is interesting. Buy post it notes, because even though there's a couple pg holding ribbons, there's more than a couple sections you want to be able to skip to. There's a great amount of space for everything you need. The pages themselves are fantastic. If the binding were better, there were more pg holders, and the annoying strap wasn't on the outside, this would be 5 stars. But this is too expensive to rate lightly.
Easy to use but not that durable.
I ship for a living, so this is a professional review. This tape is not as sticky, not as pliable, not as good as it was just a few years ago. Yes it still works, but quality control at 3m is way way down on this. I HIGHLY recommend if you use this, to buy in bulk as cheap as you can, because that's the only way this is worth it.
I did not read well apparently. I was thinking was packing tape. It is the size of scotch tape.
A dozen or so within one of the packs was missing the sticky tape rendering them useless. Some of the pattern prints were messed up on the packages. Overall, decent quality bags.
This product looks OK and seems to hold tacks pretty securely. Rated 3 stars because the grey felt on the front did not seem very uniform in appearance, like it was abraded or pulled away. Otherwise I would have rated it 4. I think it will function OK, but cosmetically at least mine was less than ideal from the start.
The desk is very nice and easy to build but the product did come damaged. (See last photo) The packing seemed very well so I'm not sure how it would have been damaged. Luckily it is in the back and not a huge eye sore. Fits our printer perfectly and provides a good storage system.
They leave a black mark
The planners are mixed up. I ordered the dream catcher from the picture and I received the field garden. Just make you read which one you're buying.
I can't write a review because I just received them and haven't had the chance to use them. I will let you know when I do. Thank you.
I loved the design but it was damaged
Dislike the size, very hard to control
I didn't recieve all of the parts shown.... Why not?? I received SPN and the batteries were dead had to immediately go to backup battery
Image is quite deceiving. Definitely pay attention to the dimensions they provide. I relied mostly on the image (as many other may) but I have a Macbook Pro 15'' and it hangs off of this. Pretty disappointed but other than the size, it's a nice piece.
The instructions are not clear. If it's in the rear window of your car you cannot change the message because the IR receiver does not face backwards, it only face forward so you have to get out of your car to change the message. You need a magnifying glass to read the print on the remote controls buttons. The suction cups don't stick to the glass. Basically this is just another piece of junk imported from Asia.
Love the colors and I think it will serve it's purpose. I was disappointed upon opening the packaging to find that the corners we're pretty damaged. It looks like it had some water swelling and that it may have been damaged in shipping. All in all it will do what I need it to. I just hope it survives the year.
+++ works as advertised
The product is overall ok. In a 100 pack I've used 50 Lanyards, 2 of those 50 have been defective. Overall good and would still purchase again.
The overall quality seems fair. Available adjustments were good, but the comfort was lackluster. I would recommend purchasing a more expensive chair.
Had to return these because the speakerphone volume was not loud enough. Also, the phones are kind of bulky.
They're cute. I was excited to use them but within 2 weeks and 2 of them have already ripped. I didnt use all 12 so I have some extra, but still. I'm planning on keeping them simply because I dont want to go through the whole return process.
Kind of cheaply made. I can't imagine they will hold up long. But for the price it's not bad.
Half of the tabs on top of one set are bent and the tops of the tabs of the other set have several corners bent and whitening on the top. Cheap quality for what I paid.
I would rather have bought a cutter with a lever. This is complicated to use and can't cut fine pieces of paper
I haven't had these long, and only use them to organize the weeks worth of homeschool materials, but the covers are already starting to break. They sit on a flat surface and are handled minimally. Really upset about them coming apart.
These come in multiple colors to help keep my cash in order. While I don't think the envelopes themselves will last super long there are enough for the price that you can change them out periodically. Editing my initial review. Somehow I missed that there is wet and seal adhesive on the flaps of these. We've had a lot of rain the last couple weeks and every envelope I had left is now sealed.
There are no instructions for how to use I hoped there would be much more efficient
I purchased these since they were on sale, but for some reason, the black color doesn't last or write as vibrant as the other colors from EXPO.
Hard to find the poorly perforated lines.
I love how cute and functional this product is, but I could not put it together with the screws that were included in the product. I had to go out and purchase new screws which were longer. This added some cost to my purchase, that I am not happy about, but I did not want to send the whole thing back.
It works for usbs too
It is labeled as 5 mil, but this feels more like the 3 mil pouches I buy. They are definitely no where near as thick as the business cards I've had laminated at FedEx.
they were smaller than I expected
could not find a template to print on these labels and it is extremely hard to see the edges of the labels to peel them off.
The only problem with this is they are plastic. I thought they would have been a heavier material. But they still work.
The designs are corny...
Looks good, feels good, doesn't write very well in my opinion.
Once a Marine always a Marine
These are TINY. Not full-size. Buyer beware! Nothing wrong with them, they're just.. tiny!
I really like it now but it was horrific trying to get to this point. The first one shipped had 2 right clamps, no left one. They sent me another one so I got what I needed. The instructions are on the box and are not good. 2 screw sizes and no way to know which go where. Instructions confusing. It was very hard to put together and needs 2 people and I had to do it alone. Now that I have it together with the correct parts I do like it. But now I have to mail the other on back.
It is not the quality I was expecting. It was misshapen, scratched, and dinged up when I got it. I had to work it back in shape and clean it up. It will do for now. It's decent. Not awful.
Got before time happy about that, but some was spelled out in the packaging.
Its fine as a dispencer but is not even close to the shade of pink pictured. Even the photos on other reviews show the box as being a much prettier and lighter pink.
I purchased these for the school I work for. When they arrived, the shipping box was sealed but the package of glue sticks was torn open and there were 3 missing...
Good, but loose the writing in them after a few uses, There ok
Pens came scratched and some of the faces were rubbed off
I wanted students to move these around to check in for attendance every day, but they are very thin and hard to grab so they won't last. They are the perfect size and look, but too thin for my purposes. If you just want a magnetic label that will stay pretty much in place or not be moved around every day, they're perfect for that.
Doesn't sit totally flat
Priced way too high for the quality of the pen. I just got it but I'm not expecting much. I really thought that, at the price, there would be more than one of them.
Opened package, looked down and my hands were blue! I didn't open the stamp pad, it's still sealed shut. The ink is literally coming out of the seams. I ordered a red and blue pad. Red was great, blue got really messy. This leaves me annoyed and concerned for how I planned to use it. I special ordered a stamp to use at events where I request balloon animals, this is to help me 'end my line'. If this stamp pad leaks everywhere it's going to be useless to me and will probably ruin many expensive items. Probably not worth the risk. Very disappointed. :(
FINALLY! My third attempt to purchase a roll of 100 stamp arrived. My first attempt failed to be delivered. Same with the second attempt. Seems the USPS lost its own product! The last order took two weeks to deliver.
They don't last that long when your using the phone, but then again neither did the original batteries that came with the phone. Batteries of yesteryear lasted a whole lot longer
We have issues with the toner causing streaks on our copies. This is being used in a high school. Depending on what is being printed we have been forced to find another printer because the copies are unreadable.
Bought as a gift and they loved them
Does it sharpen well at all. The art pencils won't last long using this sharpener.
Plan on a solid hour to put this together, it is not a simple assembly as I incorrectly assumed it would be. It also has a sheen on the laminate finish that is not what I expected, although it would be water resistant I believe, so if you need that I think you'll like it. Personally I wanted more of a painted wood look, and this is not that. Solid piece, and if you want something water resistant and are handy with a screwdriver you'll be happy with this.
The selection of colors was great. But, I had hoped for more of a marker type pen. These pens have an extremely fine point, and if you are coloring something with a larger area, they don't work so well. I will only be able to use these for coloring certain intricate designs.
It does the job of coping the slides to the chip but it's a laborious process. Each slide has to be inserted into a holder and then inserted in the viewer. We hooked it up to the TV so we could both view the slide without having to look over each others shoulder. That went well, as long you have an extra HDMI port on your TV. The quality color is adequate for most slides, but if the slide has poor exposure, this device will only make it worst. The left to right and top to bottom buttons work well and are convenient.
There is no dire wolf stamp in here just a queen bee.
The function and size of this planner is terrific. However, I am a tactile person and did not like the feel of the paper. Furthermore, the ghosting is so bad. It's very distracting seeing the ink from the previous page. So great aside from that.
Was super excited to find such a product. I use it to house my mouse as I go from meeting to meeting at work with my laptop. While it's a nifty product, the adhesive leaves something to be desired. I followed the directions for adhering it - using alcohol on the cover of my laptop and ensuring that I didn't touch the adhesive backing with my fingers. Despite this, the edge where the tab sticks up is peeling. I've removed the entire piece, washed it and tried the process again - no luck. Same edge peels. I'll keep it until it gets worse, but wouldn't buy it again.
It's hard for me to review this product. HP updated the firmware in my printer (a feature I've since deactivated) and so the toner didn't work (if the microchip on the cartridge doesn't match what the firmware wants, the printer won't recognize the cartridge). The company was extremely helpful when I notified them of the problem and they'll be contacting me when they have cartridges released compatible with the updated firmware. So 3 stars for excellent customer responsiveness and anything more will have to wait until I have updated cartridges.
I write some ... but not an excessive amount .... and I tend to use various pens, not the same pen the entire time... I was so excited when I purchased this Atlantis pen. It is probably the smoothest writing ballpoint pen I have ever used. It was my favorite pen almost immediately. But, it is way too expensive, in my opinion, to run out of ink within one week of using it. I just opened another package. I hope it will last longer. If not, I won't be buying these ever again, despite how much I love how they write. I can't afford to replace them every week.
This thing is very easy to use.
I just got it yesterday and it's barely on its first outing. The thread is coming undone already. It's cute though.
Have not used them yet, only ordered to have as a backup when the cartridges need replaced.
Nice speaker box but didnt fit my sub, or in my car, the footprint was proper measurement but the height was incorrect, my fault for not measuring properly
Smaller than anticipated
Meh... It's a cool decoration otherwise useless. No volume button, switch or dial. It's kind of underwhelming doesn't look like the picture. I spent hours looking for the perfect vintage phone chose this one. Not worth the 50 bucks I paid for it. Thinking of trading it in for a another. Static, hard to figure out, instructions suck.
Doesn't fit over all doors.
I have had Panasonic cordless phones previously. I was disappointed to discover that this model does not have a light which flashes on and off to indicate a call has been received. This model requires one to lift the phone, turn on and check the dial tone to confirm whether any messages have been received. Also, this model lacks an ear phone jack to accommodate a headset for those needing to occasionally use the phone totally hands free. Otherwise, it works well with good sound reception and good range.
cannot rate, had to return would not work with my desk.
I ordered two of these. The whiteboard side lacks the integrity of a standard board. Once you write on it, the surface will never come completely clean again. This does not effect the functionality of it... it just bugs me. The magnetic side works quite well.
UPDATE - Pay attention to the quantity! I removed a star because when I reordered, instead of 2 tablets, I got one. That was in the description but since I had ordered a 2-pack before I didn't notice. The price is just a dollar or so off from that of the first 2-pack I ordered. I guess they went up. I will look for another brand next time. I was having trouble finding the 5x8 spiral index cards I use to write down recipes and ran across this journal. I selected this size because it's roughly that of the index cards I like. PROS: It has the hard front and back covers & this helps a lot since I use these in the kitchen for recipes The paper is really good quality and holds up under even a semi-thick marker that I used on one page The papers are nicely spiraled and don't stick together at the inner edges the way some cheap notebooks will Even though the pad holds 140 pages, it's not too thick; I can write down to the very end/edge with comfort CONS: The cover was hard to write on in regular ballpoint; it is thick and the pen doesn't roll over it easily. I ended up using a marker instead. I know that the price seems a little bit high in some people's opinion, but I have paid as much for the index cards. The quality of this little journal makes it worth it. This size is going to fit nicely in the cupboard with my other recipe notes and books. By the way, I'm using some lined and tabbed sticky note style dividers to label and organize the recipes in the journal. This makes a great little homemade recipe index for me.
Can't seem to get it to lat flat. Had it on the floor for over a week with weights holding it down. It still curls up.
Cannon customer service is lousy
Game came on time but batteries were dead or so I thought. Changed batteries and it still sounds like something is broke inside. Almost like the one I have so would like to return and get a replacement
This product is used to date misc. items. I liked how cheap the device cost. However we have yet to see how long it lasts. Definitely looks like it was made with much inferior material but gets the job done. The turning/date is a little different than the original but we made it work.
I perpetually have lots of yellow post-it notes by my desk and organization of these important notes is always a challenge. I love the idea of Rocketbook (it can scan your notes which are written in the Rocketbook and send them to the cloud so you never lose the notes and you can stay organized). My criticism of the Rocketbook is that scanning from the iPhone app isn't so easy. It will literally take 30-60 seconds for the app to register the note and then scan it. It is very important to have good lighting, but even with good lighting it isn't a simple snap of your camera. for the 30-60 seconds (and it is closer to 60 seconds if not more), you need to keep steady but at the same time move the phone ever so slightly until the app detects the note. It is a little bit of a hassle and not quick or easy. The rest of the stuff is good. I opened multiple folders on my cloud service- one for important #'s, one for file notes, one for personal notes, etc, and you can designate which folder you want a note to scan to. I love that. The pen it comes with, a frixion .7mm pen is just okay. This is my personal preference. I prefer a wider, darker pen and this is a pretty fine point. Overall, this is a great idea, but with the two exceptions noted here.
Not as useful in an office setting, but helps you be thorough.
My experience with the Dymo label tape has been that the tape does not adhere well to a plastic or metal surface, like the top of my spice jars. It peels up at the edges. I have to put a piece of heavy transparent packing tape on top of each label. My hope is that Dymo creates a better adhesive so the tape adheres well to plastic and metal surfaces. It works well on glass surfaces, such as my glass containers for food, and on paper, such as file folders; however, it does not adhere well to plastic or metal surfaces. A stickier tape that adheres better would be welcome.
We never got it. We went to Walmart and paid their crazy price plz refund to card thankyou or send replacement
I need to contact the seller to try to resolve my issues instead of leaving any negative comments. I would like to talk to them. How do I get in touch with the seller?
The book is cute. It really doesn't meet my needs. It's probably best suited to a young person. You can't see the next or previous month when you're looking at the current month. There's no room to enter appointments. Plus, it's so heavy I can't carry it in my purse.
Does not come with card as pictured.
The double-sided tape that is sent to keep it in place did not work all that well. It is a hard plastic if that is what you need.
I'm excited to have this planner, but it came in a bit damaged on the corners. While I'm still looking forward to use it, I'm a bit disappointed that it already looks used before I've even had a chance to break it in. :/
Very nice quality but didn't work well with the amount of chairs I said it held. Our chairs are heavy and high quality. We put 32 chairs and 4 very light tables and it was sinking into our plank floors, indenting them. Not sure if wheel design could be different to help with distribution or it is just not good to trust their weight capacity specs. Fine with cheap chairs I imagine.
Was not as sturdy as I hoped, had one rip before I cold even pack it. Price was good
You are sending me emails about extending this warranty. I purchased and paid for a 4 year warranty. Can you not see this? I gave as a gift and do not know if he has tried to use or not. If he has a problem I gave him the warranty copy and he will contact you.
Does the job, but eats up too much tape!
The paper is super thin and if you're using a fine pen or sharpened pencil, highly likely it'll rip when your write on it. Spend the extra few dollars on regular brand pads.
I thought I was ordering letter sized photo paper, with a glossy finish on both sides. Alas, no. This is an odd-sized paper that's about 11 1/2 " long. Why? Who uses that size? I was disappointed that it was only glossy on one side as I intended to print newsletters with it. The size and the one-sided finish nullify that plan. I'll use it for printing photos and small projects. The photos and images print out in crisp, clear resolution. You'll like it for printing art, photos, or posters. Just know this is odd-sized paper. I'm glad I have a paper-cutter.
They work as intended. Feel as though half the tag is useless. Other side has the tag company's name. Which no one cares about. And you cant use a pen..which is another issue
While this was a great picture, the black drills were a mess, had dark blue mixed in with the round black and also had square black mixed in too. I finally got out my leftover black from other diamond paintings to complete it. There was also an area of glue that went up the picture that would not lay down. Will take better picture later, I have it sitting under a book to try to keep the part down that keeps popping up.
This pencil was good while it lasted. I was looking for a metal mechanical pencil to avoid plastic. This pencil was great for the first year I used it but it recently jammed and stopped working. I tried taking it apart and putting it back together, but it didn't fix the issue. Disappointing.
Poorly made, but very attractive case. Weak magnetic closure.
There ok boxes. There not the best quality but there are really cheap; that the trade off. Side note, the women in the picture is incredibly short; the boxes where much smaller then I was expecting.
Description says quantity is 2. But I received one Mileage log. Please clarify the quantity which I should have received two instead of one. Thank you
I don't use it anymore
Did not receive product due to damages in transit ; did receive a full credit from Amazon. Will close out existing orders then try again?
There were only 5 cards printed the other 5 were just plain..
I am very impressed at this deal for so many reams of paper! But one has to be careful of multipurpose paper because it can affect ink or laser quality. I've assumed that it would be great for printing my reports (both front and back). Unfortunately, this paper happens to be so thin; I've tried printing on back of a printed copy and ink shown right through. Also, paper made ink look a bit smudgy. Maybe it depends on printer as well but I have no choice but to use for now until all reams have ran out. Overall great deal, good paper and okay quality. Thank you !
Does not work so well, at any given time.
2 of them came out of the package as duds.
Needed for a prop in a play, however when it arrived, the handle was cracked and partially broken. It probably happened in shipping since it was not shipped in a box but in a padded envelope. I repaired it and it worked for our needs.
works good except I was disappointed that it didn't slide out better, it kind of catches unless you pull it out just right.
Weird surface to write in with gel pen
I expected more for the price I paid. The calendar is large as described, but is very hard to unroll and adhesive provided does not help. Markers are cheap and don't show up well on the board.
This pen set is huge, which is what I wanted, but what I don't like is that a lot of the pens are not the same color as the cap. Some pens have a darker shade color cap, but the ink is the same color as the lighter shade caps. I have to test every one of them before I begin coloring with them to make sure that it is the shade I'm wanting to use. I also struggle to find the right shade even after testing them because even the lightest colors are too dark.
The memory foam is very hard, it doesn't feel very soft or cushy.
If you intend to make notes or throwaway printout using 24 pound paper is a waste.
It was hard to set the film in the system to get a full screen without jumping.
This is good for small cords like a phone power cord. But the power blocks do not fit in it as well and it becomes bulky.
Nothing of detail to report on this item.
Easy to connect and mount. However, even at maximum sensitivity, it won't turn the lights on unless you cycle the light switch several times or you get 3-4 feet away from the sensor and wave your hands!
The straps kept slipping, so I couldn't use it very well. Don't know if mine was just faulty. Great idea, though!
Hello I'm givin my honest opinion about this product. Technically, I only used the black so far. The black has not given any issues or problems. It does not bleed and prints well. Once I have used the other colors, I will update on those. I'm rating it three stars because of the use of the black toner (not complete set).
Fits well for a regular sized phone, but does not work for a larger phone such as a iPhone+.
Update. One of the hooks fell off. I've owned this less than a year. I absolutely love this coat rack!! It's very well made and looks great in our home. I love that it came with a piece of paper showing where to drill the holes. I wish more products came with that. Set up was very easy. I immediately ordered a second rack after receiving the first one.
Very sturdy and easy to assemble. We loaded shoes on the bottom since there was empty space. 2/3 just fell apart after a week of cross country travel in a semi. Not sure if it was heat or humidity, but was disappointed that it just became very flimsy. 2/3 isn't bad I guess!
They really don't fit the machine that I bought it with
Got them for my company. Work well
I'm sure this would be great for others. It just wasn't sturdy enough for my use.
The product is awesome....BUT....when you receive them, they are very hard to untangle all 50 of them. It took me almost 1 hour to individually separate them. Owner of product: It might be easier to batch them in multiples of 10 instead of 50. Super difficult to untangle all of them. Also, when placing the hook on the badge, some of them were super hard to push in place. 2 so far were defective.
I ordered the silver pen for a present and got the teal one! Won't send back, too much hassle to a different color.
Some of the parts did not match up. It was a slight difference but enough that it bothered me. I did cover the imperfections up with the leaves and the finished product looked good.
A lot smaller than expected.
They work... They do not seal as well as others I have used. They are padded, but a bit flexible.. I wish they were a bit more sturdy. The main thing I do not love is the fact when you seal it the seal is not all the way to the edge of the flap so a piece is left unglued and can be ripped open without much effort.. that concerns me with shipping to customers.. that if it gets hung up on another item it will open, I have reinforced them with tape and that's not convenient . I will switch back to the other brand that cost a bit more.. but i felt sealed stronger and closer to the edge
I think it works well and does the job.
The product concept is great. However, by placing this on your neck, the back piece on your neck gets hot, which makes you hot. Perhaps, you can re-design this and place gel on the back part to keep your neck cool.
I didn't realize that it was held together by glue and that made me a little nervous.
I really like the size of the point, and appreciate that this pen doesn't bleed through my journal. It also dries really quickly and does not smudge if you trace over pencil and then erase over top. However, they seem to wear down really quickly. I've always used micron, and haven't taken notice of this until this particular set. To be fair, I was exclusively using these pens for about two months.
Really nice stickers; however, the whole books smells HORRIBLE. You have to hold your nose before opening this book. Please tell me, what is that smell in this book?
The con part of this item is that it does not work with sheet protectors. But that my fault. I did look at several of these dividers, but it came adding it my cart, I clicked on the wrong product. So for the low price, It would more to send them back. So I guess I will someone who can use these. But for the price, it's not a bad deal.
The pens are ok, but not as high quality as I was expecting. I was trying to use these for sketching, and that didn't work very well.
Not worth the money. Very disappointing... Would not recommend. Not ok.
It says plush doll stuffed which most of it is but the head is hard plastic not real cuddly other than that it is good quality
One of the cartridges didn't work
The product is not 12 inches, more like 11.5. It Will do the job, but I won't order this again, I like to maximize the use and typically stretch designs from cut border to cut border, just have to be a little more mindful on this one.
easy to use but hard to read once on jars depending where they are put.
Ink print on shirt very light
Very hard to handle feels like it's going to shed everywhere and loose it's shape overall very good for the price
after 2 weeks of heavy usage, it started to break. not the best item but still useful. just a little glue and tape and it's working again.
Was ok cheaply made, lettering is difficult
Beautiful notebook-I adore the print! The only issue I had with it is the paper is really thin and gets stuck when I try to turn the pages
They look good. Outstanding price. Once I use them I'll update you.
This arrived rolled up in a box approx. 1.5" x 1.5", and was very difficult to unroll and lay flat; it took my wife and I and a bunch of heavy books on it overnight to get it to stay flat. I doubt that I would purchase this again.
The caddy as pictured looks nice and white and clean, but IRL, the glue and foam inside makes the edges look BRIGHT yellow. Returned, as it's not as pictured at all.
Pretty blurry. It's like looking through a giant transparent fingerprint. It's textured way too much. Not clear like the picture shows. But it does blow things up, seems like the center only works. No wonder they are so cheap. Still using them.
I loved it until it broke. It's great for looseleaf paper but the quality is meh
Product was ok. Broke pretty easily
Paper was too thin. Shows bleed through. Otherwise well made
These are cute crayons, my baby loves playing with them more than drawing))). Drawing is a bit challenging because they just don't draw too well. They are a bit too hard. On a bright side, they don't fall apart when thrown on a floor. They are not very good for learning how to hold a pen, but comfortable to baby hands.
The sound is too low and Caller Id doesn't work. this was a bad product for my business
I received this and thought it was damaged, but the border just came off a little. I took some glue and fixed it. Markers write easily on it and erase easily. Good enough for the price.
First one need broke after 2 months. Was just sitting down and the connector from the cable to the badge attachment broke.
Great printer - fast first page even after setting idle for weeks. Good ink contol. However scanner is terrible. It has missing pixels and totally inaccurate colors. Can't use it at all.
Not impressed. It kept shredding the tape as I was sealing l boxes.
I received this item promptly but have not used it yet.
I delayed putting this printer into service for almost six months while the supply of ink for my other printer was used up. When I finally put the printer into service, 2 of the cartridges were out of ink and printing was not allowed. I was forced to buy ink from a retail store in order to get the printer operating. However, the features incorporated in this printer are terrific and the price made it a good buy.
Jammed up after 20 uses.
We have had this time clock at work for a couple months now. While I love the feature of the date and time being super specific to prevent double punching, I hate that we have to manually adjust the time every two weeks or so. Super inconvenient.
This product color is not gray like the picture. It's more of a tan gray. Not what I was looking for.
Most of the sharpies work and they're bright in color .
Does the job. However, one arrived with a dent in it. Doesn't get in the way of it doing its job, just annoying when you paid for something and its damaged.
I bought this for a customer service job at home. This does work and cancels noise fairly we ll. However, I ended up having to buy another one within 4 months due to it hurting my ears. Working for hours, you need a comfy set. This once hurt mmt ears within one hour and I found myself having to lift them off constantly. Cheaper isnt always better, but if you need something to get started, this will work.
product falls short of expectation
For the price, I can't really complain.... It works on my Toshiba 50" but the holes don't fully line up in the back on the bottom, so I had to screw it into the long oval openings, which took away from the sturdiness. But unless you've got a toddler shaking your tv, it holds up just fine!
In just 1 month of use the clip's coating it's wearing off... Very nice design and lovely to write with
So far, I like it BUT there arent enough weekly pages to finish the year! The last week stops on December 29th, which probably wouldn't bother a lot of people, but my daughter's birthday is December 31st and I like to have a full year in one planner. Other than that, I like the monthly/budget pages and how the weekly pages are setup. The paper is thick and good quality especially for the price. The size is perfect to throw in a purse or backpack and I like the pen loop that is attached although I'm not sure on it's durability because it is attached underneath the pocket that is glued to the back cover, but only time will determine that. I really like the hardcover and how the pages lay flat, like I said, I just wish it fit the entire year.
It did what I wanted even though it was cheaply made.
These products are well made but it arrived without instructions so I wasn't sure which ones to use first in the training process.
The printer prints quite well but it will not print double sided when run through a wireless network. Seems rather strange in this day and age but it is what it is. The economy of the ink may off set the extra paper:-))
The size is perfect for what I wanted. I love being able to use the cork board and magnets for holding papers. The white board would be great, but the markers they send are not great quality and didn't fully erase and stained the board. The eraser also is not high quality, either. There are scratches now on the board from it. Overall, a great board but I'd not use the things sent with it next time.
so far having problems getting the ink in the pen.
This table is very heavy and not good for a portable table. The table is very sturdy.
For the price it's a decent toner. Pages are light from the start. But it works and i would get one more. But if you need dark print this is not the product for you
ok for keeping a few papers separate but not the document storage envelopes, that I thought i was buying.
This doesn't stick as well as I was hoping...one side of it continually comes up, so I can't really use the entire space.
The white board does not fit in a locker.
While these cards are cute, they're kind of small. I thought they'd be cute to write my grandchildren notes, but the pictures are really aimed at preschool age children. They were just too cutesy for kids in early grade school. The quality is good. I guess they just didn't seem to be what they appeared to be.
Sir, it can't work after I test. I installed black, blue,pink and yellow ink. I want to return. Tell me the address for me please.
These markers arrived next day which was great! Unfortunately, 4 of the markers were not completely capped and do not work at all as a result. The ones that do work are great! I drew on a whiteboard with them, left it for the weekend, and it erased with no leftover 'shadows'.
These are really pretty, but don't last long. I've owned them about two months but don't use them often and they're mostly dried up already, and some frayed almost immediately despite using incredibly smooth paper. Pretty colors and very saturated, but they just don't last. They also took forever to get delivered, coming so long after the expected date (almost two weeks) that I had already sent an email to the company asking if there was a problem.
I love the style and how it looks. It is difficult to add business cards to the slots. They are too small.
not as bright as i would have liked...but OK
Not the most opaque pen so it takes a few times tracing over to get the effect. I love that its a fine tip though
It's cute, but looks like a teenager notebook.
Got scratched s soon as we out the wheels of the chair on it but good enough for what is for.
In the message I wrote on the two available lines of text the word "don't" was written "don\'t". Close but no cigar. o Other than that they are very nice. I guess I'm stuck with them.
It's ok but puzzle ring is too all so it sticks out.
Shipping was as quick as described. However, 3 of the pencils don't work. Seller has offered to replace.
Excellent product, very strong adhesive. Only reason that I would not rate 5 star is because I feel product is very overpriced for such a small piece of double sided tape.
I made wax seals for my wedding invitation envelopes and originally bought wax from Michaels, and then just bought it online sine I didn't feel like driving back there to get more. This wax would often melt with big ribbons of black that I didn't want in the seal. Also, it wouldn't melt evenly and I would often times have to hold a lighter directly under it to get all the residual wax that didn't melt. Very tedious.
The notebook fell off the magnet within a month of having it. ☹️
Very well built. Although I was expecting plain stainless steel not colors.
I really wanted to like this stand. I wanted something that could travel with me when I wasn't working in the office. I wanted something that would make typing on a laptop for extended periods more comfortable. I have a really nice stand in my office but it is a bit bulky so I liked this slim design. Shortly after I received it I realized this was not going to work for me for several reasons. 1) the pieces that hold your laptop on the stand at the bottom are poorly designed. They dig into your wrists as you type making it impossible to use your keyboard correctly. I had to purchase a separate wireless keyboard. 2) issue with these same pieces. They randomly pop off, I've almost lost them several times and finally this morning it popped off and I can not find one of them. This makes my computer lopsided and unsecure on the stand. I was willing to overlook the fact that the height wasn't adjustable but these other two design flaws make this completely not worth it for me and I wish I would have spent the extra money and gotten an identical stand to the one I have in my office. UPDATE: I will say that my original opinion stands true that this stand is not compatible with the way I type. As I stated above, I was able to fix it by adding a keyboard and mouse so I'm not actually using it to type on but just a stand. The customer service however was very good which is why I will increase the stars. They did send me a new stand since mine was broken and missing the bottom piece. If you just need something to hold your laptop at a workstation this would work with no issue.
While I received six rolls, they were not individual colors. It was 2 rolls of 3 colors. I wanted the 6 colors for use in moving; color coordinating each room, so I had to go out to buy more colors and now I am left with rolls that I don't need.
Im in the minority among reviewers. Really liked two designs and the rest will be sent to penpal or donated
I loved this planner for my 2018 year. It was the right size and sturdy. Thinking that I would get the same design with a different color, I decided to order this monthly planner again. 2019 however does not come with 2 pages of stickers, a ruler OR a page with a pocket, so that really sucks. other that that, nice planner. May have to change the brand for next year to a more expensive book.
It scans photos fast but I am not all that happy with the quality of the scan.
Well Amazon stated it was the last battery I purchased, but it wasn't. I purchased a smaller one to fit my landline phone. This one attaches to my phone, but won't fit into the cradle. Ive kept it, due to needing a battery for my 2nd phone.
Only got 5 in a package of 6. Ugh! Otherwise they are cute.
The outer carton was intact but the product wrapping was all torn. There was no damage to the papers themselves except for few small indentations on the edges but after flattening the defects the papers should feed through the printer without jamming. The bubble wrap inside the carton were totally flat. These comments were true for each of the three cartons I received.
Paper is super thin and the pattern on the front is super grainy. Not great quality, but serves its purpose.
What should have been ridiculously easy turned into a monumental task. When I finally figured out the problem, it went quickly. The instructions are way off. There is no "A" piece, yet "A" is shown as part of assembly. Pieces "B" and "C" are backwards, which pretty much screws up the whole thing. Anyway, much harder than it needed to be. Pretty flimsy, but OK for the $$. It will serve its purpose.
Not as big as I though and ok quality at most. It was useful when I packed but certainly not what I expected
The product came in a timely manner and was easy to assemble. After assembly, it appears that the item is uneven and doesn't stand straight...it constantly wobbles..
So I thought this vinyl was awesome, until I printed anything with black in it. BEWARE black will NOT dry, and it will smear everywhere when touched. Other colors hold up well.
I tested out both the green tones set and the earth tones set. The pens write fairly well, color chart shows both sets. It is hard to get a good picture of the glitter tones, but they are all indeed greenish or brownish, some are just so glittery that they read as silver in the picture. Strangely, the green tones set has numbered refills that match the numbered refills in the pens, but the earth tones set has no numbering at all. The cases are really crappy, the one case split open and the pens fell out just from the slight pressure of putting the pen back into the case. For me, this is not really an issue, I rarely keep gel pens in the case they come in, but mentioning this for those who do. If all you want are green and earth tones, then I guess this might be worth paying the higher cost to get only those colors. Honestly though, all of the colors can be found in any number of other sets that are only slightly more expensive and which have as many as 100 other colors to boot. I can't recommend these sets because of that. Just makes no sense to pay a lot for 24 colors when you can add another 5 to 10 bucks, get all of the 24 colors in one of these sets plus 100 more. I give three stars because the pens do actually write well, I take off two stars because I was expecting something in the quality or the colors to set them apart and that did not happen.
Ink ran out very quickly and finding refills has proved impossible.
I am not impressed. Too drab colors.
Color are off when printing. Not doing anything that I need to worry about it. So I can live with it for the $$
The product was missing screws required to assemble, so I had to buy them separately. Overall a pricey desk for the relatively low quality and missing pieces.
This printer has very good quality of printing but the ink didn't last very long for the cyan and magenta cartridges. I haven't done a lot of printing so I hope that it has something to do with them being the ink supplied with the printer. Initial setup of the printer was not very user friendly. Also photo paper/photo printing is from the top loading slot and not the cartridge tray for multiple pages.
This product was nice bt the color doesn't change and it doesn't show too well. The images online are misleading. Other then that it's a great doodle pad
This item STINKS! LITERALLY!!! It is made of some kind of synthetic/plastic and it has a horrible smell. I turned it inside out and washed it by hand in a tub of soapy water, and that helped some. But, it has a very weird, very strong odor and anything you put in the pouch will likely soon smell that way also. Otherwise it was really inexpensive, so, there it is. You get what you pay for. It is made alright and advertised appropriately.
Hard to find the edge and peel. Not good for a high-volume check-in line.
These dividers are pretty short - I couldn't find any drawer in multiple dressers. If they were longer they would be fantastic.
I have the board up on my kitchen wall with the Velcro tape it came with - the board falls frequently.
I wish that it were possible to change the inner pages once these are full, as the notebook isn't very large and will fill up quickly. Also, it's not really very special of a product in person, the saying is cool, but the quality isn't any better than something picked up at office max.
It's definitely not as pretty as the picture. Okay quality.
I really thought the Magnifier was pretty nice. Until I put it together. The goose neck is so weak it will not hold the magnifying glass up. It just keeps dropping down to where it is unusable. I'm not sure how I will be able to strengthen it enough to hold the glass up high enough to use.
The quality is not so good... I put mine in the car for about three days and then when I use it, it broke.
The only reason this is not 5 star is because last year as well as this year I order this calendar and I love it. HOWEVER, you send it in a box large enough for the width but never stuff it with anything. The results, crooked and bent. Does not lay flat and one corner turned up. Very frustrating. Not sure I will order next year.
It was fine at first . I think it broke to fast.
Worked but range was very short compared to the red laser that we had
I love this design of the panda but I wish the key chain was attached to his butt and not his head as it is cumbersome to use when it is attached to my keys since I can't hold the keys in my hand while opening a bottle and have to let them dangle over the bottle. I may replace the ring with a mini carabiner so that I can remove the bottle opener more easily.
it's been really raining a lot. The box came torn apart. (It looks like it happened to get caught in the rain when it was sent out. And, it was let dry (all ripped apart portions shriveled up from drying out! ) I'm just so happy this one at least made it. Don't count on reusing the boxes! Good value, I think!
So, liked the idea for a work white elephant (nobody I work with is offended by things like this). But I open the box the crayons were shipped in, I was annoyed to see them out of the package and just rolling around free. Then realized that the box they are supposed to be in is all ripped down the back. And several crayons are broken!!! The crayons also are those cheapo wax dyed kind.
It works well but quickly gets spots that blurry. We have another one with a different brand and it seems to work better.
The shelves do not hold very much as far as weight, so they wilt downward. In the second picture you can see the shelf sinking in the middle.
The product is great for what it is. It is a huge label that prints on inkjet & laser jet and you can cut it down to any size that you want and in any shape . . . which is great. I was able to print with an inkjet printer with no issues. I used it to create smaller rounded edge labels, and it was easy to cut down. I was just a little disappointed that it is not a true clear, it is clear enough, but i used it on a kraft brown tag and it comes off as milky in color. It's fine, but not the final look I was going for with the tags.
The adhesive works well, but the magnets aren't very strong. Not even working through a piece of cardstock.
They are smaller than I require.
Order early as shipping from China takes a long time. Case was wonderful. Soft silicone for impact resistance and ease of grip
This really wasn't what I was expecting. Not very sturdy. It also didn't work well with the plate I wanted to display. I think it would work best for light weight/smaller items.
These are glass cleaners but there is nothing special about them. I purchased these as I wanted OU dry cleaners but it is both. The drug part cleans only moderately. Will NOT but again.
Unless the surface you intend to prop the tablet with this holder up on isn't perfectly flat and level it'll flop right over. This can be frustrating as not all screen time is done on a table of sorts. Material seems durable and the weight is slightly less than comparable denser plastic models.
Only works for some airplanes
This is ridiculously overpriced for what it is. I only bought it because it was small enough to fit in my small purse. For ten bucks there should be at least a nice cover. It's very utilitarian and does have 72 weeks, but I would have preferred a smaller, thinner, better looking product for ten dollars.
Everyone is trying to save money by changing their product but not the packaging, fooling the buyer. I buy these cards all the time and use them for many things, mostly recipes. The last order I received was only different in one way - the cards are thinner than they used to be. Not in size, but in thickness. Not as sturdy and bend easily.
DO THESE ITEMS ACTUALLY WORK? WHO KNOWS????????????????????????????????????????????
It feels very chunky and loud but does the job
They are smaller and you have to stick the magnets on each one
No user friendly. Had a great deal of trouble getting my Epson printer to recognize
These credit card sleeves are too tight for the actual card inside. Had to make incisions at the sides to slide the card easier.
The ink and color is bold but the lettering was placed on the stamp crooked.
Ordered 4 boxes to try them out. Not that easy to line up the bottom of box to engage the lock. All 4 boxes use different keys. The boxes themselves do not seem to be very sturdy. Will use in our animal shelter but will not use offsite in businesses around town as I don't think they will hold up. They are cheaper than previous boxes we used and look nice, but next time will purchase the sturdier boxes we have used in the past.
Love the quality and the pocket for staying organized but had to use sharpie in order to see what I wrote on the tabs so unable to erase and reuse.
These are thinner than I thought they would be. Probably just fine for non fabric items, but I was afraid of putting my handmade Kitchen Towels into them to ship for fear they might get ripped during shipment. Just did not feel comfortable. Will need to go with bubble mailers instead.
The product says to wait at least 24 hours after opening and "flattening" - which entails using books to hold the corners flat. I waited two days, but sadly, the very first time I used it my chair created 'divots" (for lack of a better term) which negatively impact the "rolling" feature. I need to replace this product - but with something that is made of a stronger material.
This is a nice printer for regular stuff but when I tried to print small pictures I couldn't get it to load the picture paper stock. Otherwise I really like it.
Every good and not cheaply made to me!
I love these pens, so I ordered two 5 packs for me and a friend. Received the package, and it was a 12 count box with 10 pens in it. The box was pretty much destroyed since it was just in an envelope with no packing. I got what I asked for I guess, but not 2 individually packaged products.
It will pop off of the wall with nothing on it.
I was so excited to receive these pens...but on my first time using one them (the bright colored pen) it snapped in two pieces. The product writes fabulously but has poor quality.
I replaced color and black cartridges but the black one will not work. Pretty disappointed as I really needed this today. No time to reorder now.
1 cartridge worked I did not
This product is good just for cutting paper nothing stronger. I was planning to cut leather and it doesnt work(((
I cannot comment on battery life, but overall this device is good. Unlike some cheap air fly mice I used in the past, the mouse pointer of this one moves quite accurately and I would have given it 5 stars if it wasn't for the annoying fact that each time I need to move the cursor across the screen, I need to click the laser pointer button to activate it.
Came in a different color than what I ordered. What's worse is, it came damaged. I needed a desk and I didn't want to bother to put back in its packaging so I didn't return. I also think it's excessively priced for what it is.
You get what you pay for. The price point on these needles is great, but they seem to not dispense insulin the best. When you pull the needle out of your body, there is always a few drops on the end of the needle. They dont hurt and feel like your using a BD Nano needle
the latter and size is perfect. took a couple stars off cuz the elastic is hard to life up on the inside and there were A LOT of loose threads hanging off-season inside and out. I'm keeping cuz it's functional but it should be put together slightly better for the price
These mailers are exactly what I was looking for. However, the package I received contained about 5 mailers (those closest to the top of the bundle) that were very obviously sliced by a box cutter. Not worth the hassle of replacing them. I sometimes double bag my packages, so I'll use the damaged ones that way.
Fits my labeler and prints very nice labels. They seem to be a different type of material and don't seem to be sticking as well as the dymo ones.
It worked well for a few weeks, but came unglued.
I think if the stamp didn't have this large block lettering "CONFIDENTIAL" in the middle of it I would like it better.
The white has sort of pearl sheen which is okay but I'd rather have a gloss white.
For some reason I thought this would be a hard top, plastic surface kind of mouse pad. It's just floppy and the printed image is a little dull. It's still cute on my desk but not exactly what I was looking for.
Could not find it in me to keep up, I'm still using it but as a general Notebook nota following what is supposed to do, it was not easy to keep up with the structure for me
They are super cool but not very sticky
This pen is ok short term use. It does skip a little.
Did not return however it was bent and I had to bend it back into shape
Wrong item arrived but they were quick to replace
Works ok, but magnet kinda weak.
I bought these to assist with cable management and they are well designed. The issue has been that the adhesive doesn't not seem strong enough, especially if the cables are moved very mich
The cover is great but the pages inside are too thin and too small.
Great quality for the price but my set was missing the gray cartridge.
Smooth writing , and comfortable to hold. Received .7 rather than the 1.0 thickness I ordered/prefer but ...oh well still a great pen.
Unfortunately, the volume was too low with this model. I selected a different Panasonic model that was greatly superior in sound quality!
Not as good as I thought it would be
The envelopes are a bit see through. I can see my product when I hold it in the light ....
The calendar came damaged almost like a scratch on one of the dates. Not a huge deal but kind of a bummer since this wasn't exactly the cheapest calendar I could have purchased on amazon .
Inkjet cartridges are a complete sham. Bought these and didn't even get the print heads cleaned before the printer reached it maximum pages printed number and just gave up printing. The inject scam artist should be jailed.
Of course I love the glue but the packaging when shipped was less than stellar. If this had been something for my house I wouldn't have cared but this was for a classroom donation to our school. So the box looks horrible and I had to count them to make sure I got all sixty glue sticks. Other than the packaging this deal can't be beat.
Love the product and dont want to send it back in to replace because it was a gift but it has a tear at the bottom of the folding corners already. Still love it but wish it wasnt ripped
As others have noted the rings on this key ring are extremely small. I bent two of them just putting my car keys on them. as with most car keys these days, the top of the key is quite thick. On the plus side, the keys are quick and easy to remove. I rotate among three different cars and do not want to carry all the keys all the time. This key chain allows me to only carry the keys that I need. It will meet my needs, but I am buying the larger rings to see if they do a better job than the tiny rings that come with the product.
It's a decent printer. We have had it for almost two years and have only used it lightly. However, it is now telling us that the black ink is low and we have only printed 300-500 pages max. I was unable to find any information in the users manual that would explain the huge discrepancy between 2400 and 500. Customer service was no help- just talked in circles with no good explanation of why the ink is already running low.
Leaky in package, but functional.
Wish the connection piece was just a wee bit longer
The product is fine - nothing special and does what you need it to at a very low price. These arrived pretty late after much run around, which lowered the rating.
Some of the markers were dried out, which for the price they should ALL work great, but not the case.
The metal is very flexible. When you place your hands on your laptop/start typing, the whole thing bounces up and down. It's very annoying.
These work really well for adult coloring when you need to apply gamsol to a blending stump. However, I had to superglue the sponges because they kept falling off.
They are not as good as the original.
After two weeks,it broke.Don't like it
This is a medium sized bag at best.
I THOUGHT THIS WAS GOING TO MUCH MUCH BIGGER ITS GREAT FOR A SMALL DESK.
Extremely small envelopes!
Item is a little flimsy and didn't come with instructions.
The size is too small l have to squeeze the remotes
These write quite well but one of the markers has already exploded I suppose. I put the cap back on and it bled everywhere. It's disappointing!
One of my interest is watches and this device seemed to be a good solution to my monocular magnifiers. I was a bit suspect which I saw the price, and looked at all of the negative reviews. For $10 I took the chance. Just out of the package, I was impressed with the quality of the optics. The one thing that I could not use was both of the lenses at the same time, due to the fact that there was no possible way to achieve binocular fusion of a single image. Personally, this was not a big deal because I have always used a monocular. I simply put different power lens in the left and right optic and used them as flip down monoculars. This is not the way this device was intended for use, but I works for me. It was worth the $10 that I spent.
Not the most sturdy cabinet. Good for the money
one of the clippers has alignment issue
Yellow and green would not work no matter what I did.
Been through many projector mounts and this one is on the bottom of the list. If you are using the pole in addition to the mount it is not good. It wobbles around. I'm sure without the pole it's pretty sturdy.
Arrived with damaged corner. Item was not packed well on sides. I saw wear on the opposite corner but this is the only one damaged.
Love the paper and brushes ....the pencils not so much. I bought this to try out the pencils. I love working with watercolor pans and tubes. The paper and brushes are decent and work great for general art supplies. I would say they are good for beginners. The pencils were not my cup of tea. I have tried using them multiple ways and am not happy with them due to using pans the most. I do like the range of colors although, I had to re organize the trays. They didnt come in a layout that was sensible. I found that I like to use the pencils to outline my pieces that I dont want any regular pencil marks to show. The packaging of the pencils is also pretty lame. The trays inside are really flimsy and you have to be careful removing them or pencils will go a popping out. This is very annoying. I am probably gonna just bundle them in colors.
Like the idea of the product, but the pen comes loose too easily; therefore, it doesn't hold the product shut. The pen can also be lost easily.
It's a great looking Keychain. I really like its weight. The Clasp broke after about 6 months when I was bending and it was in my front jean pocket. Was dissapointed, but I still have it because I like the way it looks.
So you get the 24 pieces of 7 to 8mm washi as advertised. You also get 22 3mm cuts of half one design and half of another because it seems they can't cut these things straight down the middle. I think the little tapes aren't supposed to come with the product. The tape itself works fine. Of course, coming from an inches/feet world, I always under-estimate the width on these things and they are smaller than I thought they would be. But that is me and not the product. The 2 star deduction is for the cutting. Although you get these great little 3 mm pieces of weird looking tape, they are not completely cut through on the roll, causing the inner roll to come apart. It doesn't damage the tape, but it pulls out the inner hard ring making the roll soft and it won't hold the round shape. And the 8 mm tape has this weird piece of roll hanging off it that you have to cut off. I don't know how else to say it.
Cover is thin. Lower quality then I expected.
The color on the keypad cover wears off fast.
We are returning this printer. It is great if you are just printing text, but it is not good for printing pictures which is what we needed it for. The lady at Brother told my husband this would be perfect for printing our manuals. I completely disagree. The images and pictures are blurred and it alters the colors.
It had colors or my printer wouldn't handle. Those that worked were fine
It has taken some finesse to get this to work, and I'm still kind of figuring it out. Finding the right grind setting and packing the coffee into it is still a balance that is kind of eluding me. Nevertheless, it seems like it is improving and I think it will continue to do so. One negative thing is that you have to be very careful with the boiling water, if things are not screwed on perfectly, it will leak onto your hand.
These tape dispensers are OK, but the plastic core that the tape pushes on to is a little small. I have used two different quality rolls and the tape is constantly creeping off the core. If I don't notice and push the tape back on the dispenser it will eventually malfunction. Otherwise a pretty good dispenser.
Did not work properly and could not use it
It cuts good but the button you roll to change the size and put on lock gets stuck a lot!
I love these notebooks, but I'm sad to say this one came damaged. The pages of the notebook are also indented where the back spine was broken.
Did not hold up to repeated use. One plastic divider has broken and the piano hinge pin is coming out.
The idea was cute so I bought one to see if it was as great in person. Turns out these are ok.. I am pretty sure you can buy a full box of folders with lines to take notes on them, and without the risk of ripping the side when you take them out. Also my pad only had 11 folders, the 4th set in the pad only had a middle and bottom tab folder. overall I like the idea.. but just not sure what the overall benefit of having them connected in a pad is.
It works ok. Kind of hard to move up and down. Not as easy as other models I have used that go up and down. It's good not great.
Take gun itself works fine and as expected. 3 rolls of the tape it came with were unusable due to splitting. Get better tape and you'll be set.
Need thicker foil to counter stronger signals.
I bought this as a keyboard stand not for a laptop so keep that in mind. The mouse platform is not very sturdy and i had to fold a business card and stick it under the area it connects to the stand so it didn't flex to much under the weight of my hand. The area that is suppose to fit a laptop is a tap small for a typical dell laptop. Legs are sturdy but not the best but at least the angle clips stay in place.
Shipped quickly after I ordered. Easy to install and seemed to be accepted by my HP Printer. I have yet to do a color job with it, but the test print was satifactory. Color is runny and messy
Is made for and functions well within my old HP D110 printer.
I'm not going to return it, but it arrived a bit damaged on ¾ corners. The wood doesn't seem well finished in general. It's kind of scratchy. It looks nice, and these are I guess nitpicky things. It seems kind of like there was no quality control. It was packaged well, and there was no way the corners could have been damaged like this in shipping. About the letters: the gold ones are a bit browner than I expected. It's fine, but I was expecting them to be more cheery. You do have to cut the words out which was a bit confusing to me as all the regular letters came precut. It's fine. I was happy to only have to cut out a few things. It was just odd. Another odd thing is that it came with one drawstring bag for the letters. There's no way all of them would fit in that one bag and stay separated, so it's confusing as to why they bothered to include one at all if they weren't going to provide enough for each separate color/type. One last thing: It fits a bit too snug in the stand, and it almost seems like I'm scratching it when I put it in there. It fits the best on the two sides that the lines are going vertically on (so the words would be sideways when I put it in there like that) which is not what we're going for. I know these are small things, but they detracted from my overall experience. Knowing this, I wouldn't give this as a gift, nor was I planning to. I bought it for myself which is why I'm willing to overlook these things and keep it. I wanted a functional, double sided letter board, and that's what I got. Albeit, with shoddy craftsmanship, but I guess it was only like twenty bucks. From far away, you won't even be able to tell.
It was a good product, just didn't fit my ergonomic keyboard comfortably.
I bought this type of folder because it looked sturdier than most. I use them daily and carry them in my oversized purse when traveling for work. They haven't bent or ripped. I am very happy with my purchase. Updated review. Ive had the folders for 5months now and the metal prongs aren't holding up with frequent use. Some have already broken and others are feeling very fragile.
The paper itself is outstanding. However, despite the price you get 24 sheets that are simply folded in half between a recycled paper cover and held together with two staples. Because I've been shopping this kind of product, Amzn wants $10 for it now. For that money, you can buy a hardcover, bound book of comparable size elsewhere. Even $1 composition books have better binding than this. However, the sheets were shaped heavily so it does pack relatively thin and lays relatively flat. I use these notebooks professionally and are occasionally viewed by clients. Again, the paper is outstanding (the right amount of contrast and little to no bleedthrough with pens and highlighters) but the cover and binding really tweak me for the asking price. I bind books as a hobby, so if I could get this paper separately (and at a reasonable price) I'd just bind my own.
Haven't used item but disappointed in the delivery packaging choice as the box inside was damaged and markers were falling out when I opened the delivery packaging.
Please double check the item before send it out. Not what I expected. Need them urgent so do not bother to send it back for a replacement.
The quality seems good. I ordered this particular one because of the large size offered but then was shorted one and that threw a monkey wrench in my program. If i got them all i would probably give 5 stars. I asked amazon about requesting it but wad told i would have to do a return. That was a bigger pain than whats its worth.
Not what we were hoping for. You will regret buying it. Unreliable.
I got this for my children to use as a fidget. They play with it some but don't like the texture
Wanted to cover finger tips with moisturizing cream to soften calloused cuticles
These are more permanent than I would like. Doesn't erase fully when fresh. I left writing on my whiteboard for a few weeks, and had to use industrial cleaner to get the ink from these markers off. (note: a colleague was using an expo marker on the same occasion, and that erased fine after a few weeks) Maybe I'm doing something wrong. I don't have dedicated cleaner spray so maybe people are having luck with that. The color is very clear, not smudgy. Opaque. That's a plus.
I wish that the spikes on the bottom were a little longer so the mat would not move on the carpet as much.
I use this product for everything. I actually bought it bc it's nice looking and heavy duty. No more crappy scissors. But also I hand wash them and noticed if i don't wipe them down afterward they rust. That's sucks.
Arrived on time, in perfect condition. Easy to use. But we agree with the reviewer who remarked that "Didn't look if it said how big they were. By the picture I thought they were bigger than what they are. But still pretty."
Package was broken and some have stain on it
As the label in the picture shows, I ordered 8.5 X 12 inch Envelopes. As the ruler shows, envelopes are only 11 inches long. I cannot wait for this to be corrected so I will make do with envelopes which are clearly smaller than advertised.
Not what was expected. Kind of clumsy to hold and read print at the same time.
The product itself is Awesome. It came in a badly damaged box and the product was bent. That could have happened during the delivery.
Basic penny rolling paper. Does the job and doesn't fall out
The item is well package and useful for different occasions. However, it's not easy to cut all the letters and some pieces don't line up well on the board. Lastly, the seam for the storage bag came apart upon received as showed on the photos.
This is the second set of these micro points I've bought. I thought the first set, being dried out, must be a fluke, but no, the second set is also dried out. These are not a worthwhile purchase!
I gave this cover for a friend of my because she wanted to protect her phone; yet, able to find it her bag. She said the cover is ok but it doesn't have protection for screen.
I was expecting this passport holder to be a bit more durable than it turned out to be, but you get what you pay for in this case. It is quite flimsy, but would probably serve it's purpose. I'm undecided on sending it back for a refund.
This projector was purchased to replace a six year old unit. Its picture quality is second to none -- gorgeous, sharp and clear with any source material. BUT (deal breaker for me), the noise from the cooling fan is a bit too obvious and mildly obtrusive IMHO... enough so for me to return the unit and purchase a quieter Epson model. If you can put up with the fan noise, it is a fine projector (and mine might have been defective for all I know).
Pretty good but the battery is pretty bad on them. If the calculator isn't directly in the light it doesn't light the screen. Works well other than that
Do not expect it to be very good.It is fine,but you need to be patient with it .I look up for words meaning in English-English dictionary but it's not that good but okay though.Try it first then decide.
Didn't dim the lights nearly as much as I'd hoped, and the magnets need to be a little stronger, but they look and function as advertised.
The manual is extremely small font. It is so hard to read.
Cute gift, however, 3 out of 4 that I ordered for gifts do not have eyes.
They came in a convenient booklet.
You get a good amount for the price and the variety of colors is perfect for my use but they are not nearly sticky enough. I use them on my white board and many of them have already fallen off. They seem to stick a little better to other pieces of paper, but not by much.
The ID holder did a great job keeping my middle school son's ID from getting torn up. Unfortunately, the piece where the lanyard clips to it broke after 3 months.
While the canisters work as described and last a good 30 days, the fragrance itself is a bit cloying, even when using the smallest dose possible. I wouldn't personally describe the aroma as "fresh and clean", but rather almost like a flowery perfume. I have since switched to their MUCH MILDER citrus scent and am happier with the result.
half the number of rolls I was supposed to get
They work fine the only problem I have is that it came with 3 plug ins. Only 2 will work.
I'm new to Fountain pens and did a lot of research into "intro level" options. The Platinum Preppy showed up on a lot of people's lists, and costs next to nothing. So, it easily made my list of initial pens to buy. Unfortunately, of the 4 FPs I currently own, the Preppy is my least favorite. I like the line width. But, at the same time it seems "scratchier" than pens of comparable Nib sizes. That, and I seem to get more hard starts and skips with the Preppy than any other pen; by a considerable margin. In short, it's not a bad pen. It's just not as enjoyable to write with as the other FPs I've tried. I did recently purchase some bottled ink, so I'll reserve full judgment until I do a complete flush and refill. I figure using the same ink in all the pens is the best way to compare apples to apples. And, it's entirely possible the ink that came with the Preppy was the weak link. One note about the included ink. Or more precisely, the poor packaging. The whole thing came smashed, and all the ink cartridges (save for one) had exploded inside the package. It was a royal mess, and I nearly just tossed the whole thing altogether. But, I took some time to clean everything up, and was happy to find one salvageable cartridge. I provided feedback to Amazon, and hope they'll resolve the issue. I just can't understand why they'd think it's OK to put a ink into a envelope mailer (non-bubble style) and think it'll survive the shipping process.
Super small and not a lot of space to write.
Works well just waaaay bigger than I expected
It stayed put for 3 months. At first, it was VERY "stuck" which was great. Maybe the tire isn't supposed to touch it?...ever? Idk.
Very small but cute and sturdy.
It gets the job but could be much better quality. The markers it comes with are pretty useless but I didn't really mind that since I have plenty of markers and mostly wanted the white board. It came well package, but somehow still came with 3 dents. They were pretty small so again I didn't mind. About a week or two in, the coating off one of the dents have come off and you can see the mental underneath. The entire white board sheet is also moving inside the frame....so disappointing overall but does the job for now...I definitely suspect I'll need to replace this soon
It not worth your energy. You will regret buying it. Waste my time.
Ok but cheap looking
It works but it's more bulky than it should be and magnets are way too strong. Every time you have to close the door it holds so tight that it feels that the stop will be ripped from the molding very soon.
It's a stun gun. It hurts. It was less than 15 bucks. The case that came with it arrived torn and is useless (see attached pic). It arrived quickly and is brand new.
These will work ok if you have a very small roll of wrapping paper like for birthdays. It doesn't work for larger rolls like Christmas paper! That's why I bought it and was very disappointed.
ARRIVED QUICKLY, WAS NOT FOR US, WAS VERY CUMBERSOME TO SET UP
Great for helping get organized for a move but, use on cardboard, paper or plastic moving boxes, not on items themselves. Stickers are hard to remove from furniture or leather surfaces.
Smaller than I thought nice !!!
It is a lot smaller than I expect and feels like it's made of plastic
I had an epson 3000 lumens projector and thought I could replace it with this one but unfortunately its not bright enough and not 3200 lumens. I would guess its about 2000 lumens apx. I will be returning it.
Way too much work and some areas too tight to really make it work. Do not recommend.
I needed this because I am short and do not like it when my legs dangle. It is soft, but it moves round quite a bit. Also, it gets dirty quickly.
Material was too hard
Jammed my printer. I tried to print double sided and they got stuck inside. They are okay to test out designs, but I would not hand these out. The program they send you to printed them misaligned so some cards had the image cut off.
Connecting latch in the back broke very easily
The design is cool and it looks fresh but the metal is cheap and snaps easily
Functionally the pen writes well and I am satisfied with that. The cap rattles a bit when the pen is closed and it does not post well. The cap continuously slips off during extended writing. Body was in good condition and it writes smoothly.
Sturdy,need tape to shut
The colors are great and I love the subjects! The problems start with the sticky dots... they stick to the wall well enough, but don't stick to the posters for the most part. They either fell off the wall (within a few hours of being put up) or the dots stuck so hard that they actually peeled some of the lamination off of the back when I tried to take them back off. The laminated layer is really very thin so it doesn't offer much stability to the card stock. This makes them easy to bend and they hold crinkles from bending really easily. That's fine if you can put them up once and be done, but after the fussing with the dots and when several fell off the walls they hit other things below them leaving edge damage and crinkle marks. Really a bummer since they were really well packaged and looked great coming out of the bags. We ended up just using some painters tape rounds to put them back up and so far so good.
I like the color but it's so thick its hard to work with .
Not happy with this product. I don't like it. Not the quality you would expect.
Ok, not made as well as I thought but durable enough.
The adhesive on the envelopes does not stick
Giving these three stars because while they're amazing highlighters, they leave that typical sticky gel texture behind which makes the pages I used it on stick together. Luckily I only used it on a couple of pages, but I use these for my class notes now.
Pretty nice. Don't love the app but the actual notebook works great. YOU MUST BUY OTHER PENS. The pen they give you is crap. Non-erasable pens will ruin the notebook. Get other pens and you will save a bundle on traditional notebooks.
I love the quality of these gel pens. They write so smoothly. I'm amending my review, although the pen writes very smoothly , the ink had run out on all three pens!!
I was hoping the magnet would be stronger. It will hold my keys but won't hold my garage door opener...
the ink was dry when I received it. purchased refill ink
Used 5 of the 10 cartridges and have had one bad color cartridge. All others have worked great. Price is great.
Some work some don't . It's a very fickle one it works when you want to print something all color but when you just want to print black and white it don't print.
They work decent enough, but the material is a bit thicker than I was hoping for and the interior of the lining is a bright blue that can be seen. I cut one to fit under my patch on my Recycled Firefighter Field Notes Wallet, and it holds just fine. The 3m though, I would not trust alone. Even on an ipad or something. I have given thought to stitching it on permanently to avoid future deterioration.
not the best, so long are you are not trying to print photos or anything for professional use, it works alright. We home school, so buying inexpensive toner is what we can afford. The last stuff we purchased was awesome and lasted a year, but that was a different brand that's no longer available on amazon.
It's decent for the price. Good looking pen and relatively smooth. The nib is not really extra fine and has a good amount of hard starts.
Not the highest quality but perfect size and price.
Disappointed in quality
Smaller than expected
This is NOT white as advertised. It is off white.
The pens write good but just not as pretty in person.
These markers are easy to erase from the board but they do not show up very dark when writing.
I ordered these for chalkboard details and so far I am not that impressed. When you go to the sharpen these they break.
Feels cheap but it works. I hang my phone from it. I have also used it for USBs
Too small & the slots are deep but not wide enough. Very slim remote controls can fit in there, only. I also wanted to store the remotes for my lamps but I would have to try to put my hand in to get it because slot is deep. Cannot do that other than turning unit upside down. That, obviously, is not practical. The color is ok. Sort of a grey. For the price I definitely would not recommend. They take a long time on their refunds, too & you have to pay for the shipping back. I suppose you could put this to good use w/something else to store but I don't know what. They say it TURNS but it's not on a little pedestal or Lazy Susan. You would just turn it with your own hand.
Doesn't print well doesn't print all colors
They look great however very tedious to apply and there were 5 sheets of stickers and only 3 pieces of the transfer paper.
They did not work for what I needed, the pins were to small.
Didn't come with instructions of how to build it.
These were great for organizing my move. The only reason for the 3 stars, they don't come off surfaces very well. I wouldn't recommend you put them on any surface other than a box, they do. It come off furniture or totes very well. I have white remnants on many pieces of furniture i now need to scrub off.
I PURCHASED A THREE PACK OF TONERS, AND THE FIRST TONER LASTED FROM SEPTEMBER 25 UNTIL DECEMBER 25. WHEN I CHANGED IT TO ONE OF THE OTHER ONES IN THE BOX, IT LEAKED. SO, I TRIED THE SECOND TONER WITH THE SAME ISSUE. I USED CANNED AIR TO CLEAR OUT ANY INK POWDER, IN CASE THAT WAS THE CAUSE, BUT IT DID NOT WORK. I DO NOT KNOW HOW TO CONTACT THE COMPANY TO SEE IF THERE IS ANY WAY TO RESOLVE THIS OR TO RETURN THE DEFECTIVE ONES SO, I AM WRITING A REVIEW.
This worked well in our office- we put it on our office door that was made of metal. It did need caulking or latex around the edges to stop the air from coming in from the outside. Also, the back where the key opens the box is a little loose- so it almost doesn't close all the way. It's still secure since you cant open it all the way or stick anything in there but be aware. We would have returned it but needed it ASAP so we went with it.
The lighting on the display is impossible to read without another light source shining on it. It's has a real problem establishing a wifi hookup. Sometimes it works but then it forgets and you start over but don't forget to turn on the lights. Just turned it on and don't have my flashlight. Darn
Very flimsy and poorly put together. The one tray on one of the two of these I purchased keeps coming off.
They're ok. Don't expect them to stay stuck on. They eventually come off.
I have had cartridges not last long. Also HP would report the cartridge is not HP when it was.
After reading reviews of people receiving there products damaged, I thought twice about ordering, I decided to go ahead and order pray I was lucky, I wasn't! I Received 2 of the items bend! Called Amazon and expecting a replacement soon, will update my review once I receive my new item. Hoping I don't receive a damaged one. Update: Returned old dresser and received a new one, Amazon customer service is awesome, they made sure they put notes down to please inspect the dresser before shipping new one. Received it perfectly fine and I love it.
I was originally extremely pleased with the product. However, I had a few issues that have yet to be addressed. I contacted customer service originally with a concern. The concern was the projector does not read sd cards over 4gb. I tried 256gb, 128gb, and 64gb sized sd card and the projector would acknowledge the card but failed to read the card. Customer service referred me to the seller but i have not received any feedback. My second concern is a major one. The projector goes from great display to a distorted black and white display. It seems like something is pressing against the projector distorting the display. If I turn it off it returns to normal when i restart.
it works ok but it could be a bit higher as I am a small person
Really wanted to like this projector. Image has good colors and I wasn't expecting HD Image so it was ok. However after watching a show for 30 minutes it would lose its focus. Speakers are ok for a small room voices clear. Not super dynamic but great for portability. Auto vertical keystone worked well.
Its smaller than I would have hoped.
Not the best I've every used. Doesn't slide easily.
I liked the product but two things to keep in mind. 1. The cork was very thin and standard push pins did not work because of that so we glued in thicker cork. 2. Color on photo makes product look bright white but its more of an off white. Other than that product was fine.
Pens are good, I've had them before, but it's been months and I don't have my shipment
Cuts out sometimes, or the sound gets weird & falls apart. When it works, it's great. Fit is comfortable. But the inconsistency with the quality of the sound means I can't really depend on it for important calls.
smaller than expected, but very cute.
This item was packaged great for the description was a bit misleading as now of the cartridges fit my style printer although it said it was for it. I would recommend a relook at the description and add additional details about the actual printers these cartridges and the printers they would work in.
Doesn't glow that bright but still illuminates a little to see the steps on our camper a little better.
I was able to unclog my printer nozzles using this, but no thanks to the included directions. The directions suggested I go to the website to view a video, but the website address was nowhere on the packaging or on the instructions. The instructions were poorly written.Also, the video on the website was old and the inside of the printer didn't look like mine at all. You also have to look around on the internet to find how to open the area that contains the print cartridges.
Had to glue the rubber bottom on as it would not stay attached. Ordered 2 of these and it was the same for both. Someone is NOT inspecting the products before they are shipped to the consumer.
Relaxing to fidget with. Would like it to be more flexible and turn/twist in multiple directions.
A nice pen, very solid. Combined it with a Zebra 401 and Fisher space pen to make an awesome pen.
Nice organizer. Wish the binding was a bit more flexible.
Bravo, this purchase was a win for sure. Usually I'm a subscriber to "you get what you pay for" but in this instance you get more. I have a 17in MSI Gaming laptop that I bought this for. This desk handles it with ease. It is really adjustable and easy to use. This is the first Chinese made product win for me. I have used it all day today gaming, surfing and as a text book holder while I wrote a paper. Pros: Light, sturdy, metal components, quiet USB fan, adjustable Cons: Fit and finish could be better ( great for the price, I would pay more for better)
Love it! Everyone at the office loves it too.
Lighter duty than previous printer MX 922 which we had for years. Paper tray capacity is smaller. Annoying that it forces you to use the rear paper feed for large format photo paper. It automatically changes the setting if you try to say you are printing 8 1/2 x 11 on photo paper. Main reason I chose the model is for the independent color ink cartridges. So many printers have a single cartridge for all colors resulting in a lot of waste when only one runs out.
Frame isn't wood but looks close. Sturdy board for the price.
Works great and reasonably priced.
These cartridges are a great alternative to the OEM at a fraction of the cost. The only downside is you are guessing at what color you are opening unless you find the sticker of what color it is through the yellow bag that they are each individually packaged in. The shipping box is solid and the foam fits great. All 4 are in one box and arrived perfectly.
It worked for what I needed it for
Would have given five stars if this included the labels.
This is a good sized screen but is not lined in the back however this dosent appear to be an issue if theres no light coming from behind the screen. My kids hook the xbox up to it and play video games on it and we had outdoor movie night and it worked great! It is a light frame and will need to be weighed down a little if its breezy outside. I am very happy with this purchase!
Likes: great design, well built. Dislike: I have a tendency to want to lean slightly on the table but am afraid to with the 20 pound capacity.
This product is such a great idea, being able to write on the magnetic strip. I used it to assign tablets at work to employees for each shift
I love the way the journal feels, and the pages are thin, but still sturdy enough to hold up to markers, glue, and whatever else you want to stick inside your journal. There's also a nice pocket at the back for holding inserts. I've gotten a different color of this journal before and have been overall happy with it. The journal has a Key Page, three index pages, two pen test pages, and a mindfulness page. the key and index pages are before the journal and not included in the numbered pages (which is perfect, I find the index very useful). The pen test, and mindfulness pages, however, ARE included in the page numbers. they're located at the end, and not terribly obstructive. But slightly annoying. According to the product description there should be 201 pages PLUS the pen test and mindfulness page. I've gotten their journals before, I have this exact one in a different color and it has 201 pages plus the extras so I'm not sure why the burgundy one doesn't. Not a huge deal, but frustrating considering I'm using this specific journal for a project and I want to use all 200 pages.
I purchased these to use in a home office. They are made very durable and look nice. They hold markers and erasers nicely. They are designed to be mounted by screws, which are not included. Overall, I am happy with my purchase...
My mom received cart yesterday. Very happy but could not find the cloth that comes with it. Will someone please send the cloth?
Does not look like the pic online ok for the money
Works ok, didn't hold up as long as I figured. Used to hold a Cobb accessport. Help up for about a week in cold weather. May work better in the summer time
I like the phones a lot. They were very easy to install and set up. Sound quality and many functions, including intercom and transferring calls internally are good and easy to use. I had one base with a charging wire out of place, but it worked after I bent it a bit. They offered to replace everything, but I didn't want to take them all out and send them back, especially since I got the fifth base to charge.
Very sturdy and looks great.
I like the product. It is sturdy and serves it purpose. I like the storage compartment also. I am disabled and homebound. I use the tray in my bed. I like to store a silver ware set and napkin in the compartment.
The design of the fan is great. 3 speeds. Easy to operate and not only can you wear it around your neck you can use it as a small desk fan. However, after a few weeks one fan stopped working. I tried a few things but couldn't get it to work. I emailed the company and within 2 days I was given a full refund. So, in my opinion, if you're on the fence about buying these there's some peace of mind that the company will do the right thing if you are not satisfied. I used my refund to by another pair.
This wallet is pretty cool! I have had it two weeks. It was a little hard to open the wallet to put in cards. It eventually got a little easier. The keychain is nice make sure it is screwed on there nice and firm.
very helpful for receipts
I purchased these pens and I do love them. However, the dark green pen came completely dried out.
These cards are lovely and quite sturdy. The envelopes, while cute with their stripes, could be a bit thicker. The small sticker strips are sometimes hard to remove. Overall, good product I would buy again.
Comfy seat. Wish it was longer to better fit my car seat.
The flavor of these capsules is surprisingly good. They could maybe be a little richer for my taste, but definitely a good substitute for Nespresso and much more cost effective. The most impressive is the crema! I think it's better than most Nespresso capsules. I only wish the capsules were made the same way as Nespresso. They sometimes don't give a consistent brew, but they are better than the last Nespresso compatible capsules I purchased.
good customer service
Doesn't ring very loud. Have it set to high
The pens work nicely enough, but unlike most pens, the pen caps won't stay on the back of the pen. As I suspect many people do, I tried to place the pen cap on the back of the pen so as not to lose it when writing, and it doesn't fit snugly and just kind of wobbles around there.
ALL IS GOOD, EASY TO INSTALL, MY ONLY ISSUE IS WHEN I TRY A CUSTOMIZE PICTURES IS NOT UPLOADING? PLEASE HELP ME HERE, DO I HAVE TO CHANGE ANYTHING BEFORE I UPLOAD? HANKS...RAMON
Got the job done, and was fairly easy to use. I would like more information on all the options.
I wish there were more to the roll, but works great for protecting poster, needed to figure out how to apply with out too many air pockets
Its pretty good but wish it was a little bit more wider
my wife love it just the assembly sucks . overall is good.
my only concerned about this problem is that the hinges are on the top instead of on the side like a book it would be a whole lot easier for me to have it open from the side and I feel like the product would be more stable in terms of latching. Outside of that it's able to hold report sheets and has a nice place to hold a pen on the bottom which I store an emergency pen because in healthcare pens disappear just as fast as pain medication :)
I ordered this when my daughter turned 6 months and it game with multiple dvds and flash cards for each set of dvds and books for the stories on the dvd. I will say at first I didn't think it was all that but my daughter started trying to say the letters about 2 weeks into showing her the videos, I did slack some days. I can only imagine where she would be if I did it everyday . It's proving useful so far
Very cute and clean looking. It was easy to assemble but not as thick / sturdy as I would have hoped
Good product I wish the chain was longer though
At first unable to get code to download app to my email or phone number. Have contacted the company via email. Now corrected. The notebook itself is more attractive than a similar product I got a year ago. I like that pages can be removed and returned to the notebook. The company responded promptly to my email.. App working with Google drive now. I'm pleased!
Great for organizing for cables. Good amount of pockets and straps to store things
Great size for price
good price waiting for it to be instock.
I enjoy "adult" coloring. Definitely a good source for colors. The only draw back is the packaging. The pens fit into a thin plastic tray which is difficult for me to use due to arthritis in my hands
It is true that it pays itself. it matches my coffee shop's theme which is retro. It is bright even in broad daylight. You can only imagine its beauty at night time. Definitely worth it.
Really nice magnetic calendar. It looks great on the fridge and I love the layout. The way the calendar was packaged, however, left dents at the top where the markers were pressing.
The slots for files only really allow for one file folder, and I was hoping to have a wider slot for at least two file folders. It is great for those of us that have limited desk space for files, but if you need easy access to more than 5 thicker files, I would order more than one. Other than that it is perfect.
Nice Scissors but they were huge and thirty with scuffs marks as if they were laying around the floor. Not happy about that.
Used it for the first time yesterday. I was very pleased that it went up about ten steps without any difficulty . Good product.
For the most part, these are fine. The first 2 on the top of the stack has small tears so I couldn't use them. I wouldn't say they rip easily so I'm not sure what happened to the shipment. The others all appear to be okay. The adhesive works well and seals properly. Bummed about losing 2.
Perfect little clover stamps about the size of a nickel
I like to use as a night light
Really cool, sometimes you need go over a couple times
It cuts cardboard with ease. I bought it for my child that likes to create stuff with cardboard. He likes it. Even though it looks extremely big on his hands. He uses both hands to use it. But he is able to cut with ease.
Very Cute!! I got this to send to my mom for Mother's day. it has a slip in the side blank card to write your message on, if you dont want to write by the 'vase'. My only wish - that it was a little bigger :) but it is really cute.
price was great. Fast delivery!
They serve their purpose
Super cute I do wish they each had a little bag or something to gift to individual teachers
make sure you keep them in a plastic bag. the poor cap design leaks every where if the bottle tips even a little.
I'm using my organizer in my classroom for my yearbook students. It holds their press passes and all the documents they need for their class.
Arrive on time very pretty. It is a Christmas present. So I don't know about the cold or hot statics yet.
Very cute but gave it a 4 because of the spacing of the hooks. I use this for 3 leashes and cant really but the leash on the hook have to loop the collar. Would be better used probably for coats or keys.
Paper isn't the quality I thought it would be, but nice layout.
Awkward, not like a rubber stamp but.. yes it does make a stamp. Turned a photo of my cat into a stamp
I like this tape but do find it flimsy. This is fine for my card making and is a good deal.
I don't like these as much as the regular Ticonderoga pencils as they feel a bit rough. The eraser doesn't work as well. But they write just as good.
i really like this mechanical pencil. i use it for writing, sketch and construction type activities instead of a fat pencil
Nice item, fast shipping, good seller Smooth, but I changed writing tip to .5mm and using the cross ink! Can't find micro point refills for this one...
Arrived quickly and works as advertised. Packaging could be better.
I've only had it for a short time, so i can't speak to the durability. But I love how this budget planner is laid out. It's been a big help in keeping track of my families expenses and deciding which financial goals are important to us
This works as expected but I'm rating conservatively until I re-ink this stamp to see how easy or messy it is. It says unlimited re-inking using an ink tube inserted into the side of the roller. Obviously this stamp doesn't work so well on glossy paper but works ok on the Amazon labels. You have to let it dry out a little before touching it and it does become slightly more legible when dry. If the letters you are inking over are large, I find the coverage isn't as good despite multiple swipes. The width is pretty decent and would cover up most items with 1 role. If it's really confidential, I'd suggest just shredding it for safe measure.
The ink cartridges work well and give satisfactory Print Quality. The HP Cartridge Design leaves much to desire as removing the shipping mechanism does tend to spill ink in its removal. A strip os sealing tape would probably work better.
Some were crumbled and broken but still tasty
Miscalculated price. Could have gotten them cheaper at post office. The immediate delivery was convenient.
The map is nicely sized and seemed sturdy enough if taken care of well. I do wish that there was a little bit more support on the backing but overall, it makes for a nice gift for friends with the travel bug.
I bought this to take to a rummage sale held by an animal rescue organization where I volunteer. The only problem I had was trying to feed thin paper tape into it but finally figured it out. Calculator held up perfectly through 3 days of a busy checkout. Very happy with purchase and the fact that this machine is compact.
Product took a while to be delivered. This may have been due other items from different sources combined with this one in the shippment. Instructions were not the easiest to follow but with multiple video sources and repetitive trial and error I got it done. All heads were clogged. Persistence yielded success.
Perfect addition to my corner desk. My only problem is that you can see the screws which is the reason for my 4 stars. If they had covers or anything to hide them it would be perfect. It took me 6 minutes to put together with a screw gun. You can do it with a screwdriver but it will be double or triple the time.
These are a great set of pens. Glitter gel pens are fun to color the adult books with. Keeps my hands busy. Washes out good in laundry too.
Good product. The squares are a little smaller than I am accustomed to, but I have managed. I should have taken the time to implement the measurements given.
My only dislike about this product is that it can't really be used to store the staples after it is opened without them spilling out. Not a big deal and wouldn't affect a future purchase however. I have also had a problem with staple jams but since the stapler is new, I cannot say if it is the stapler or the staples. Visually the staples appear to be of good quality without burrs or things that would obviously cause problems.
Absolutely love them!!! Just takes forever to get them started and the purple one could be more purple than lavender.
They were exactly what I was looking for, shipped quickly
Great for calligraphy, outlining, and various pen and ink styles. Rich black color, and tip stays firm and sharp after almost a year. However, runs out of ink fairly quickly.
I was able to purchase more ink for the same cost as the name brand inks. They work just as well and produce quality prints.
Was a little too thick for my Car seat as intended I'm short and it pushed me too far toward steering wheel for my liking, however works well on my recumbent style exercise bike.
Perfect size for the desk are a, easy to read
This was exactly what I was shopping for and at a reasonable price. Delivery was much faster than expected. Very satisfied.
I purchased this tablet for my granddaughter for Christmas so I haven't used the item yet; however I opened it up to inspect it and to make sure the item was as expected. It kind of reminds me of a modern day etch-a-sketch, I loved using mine as a child and I hope that my granddaughter enjoys drawing and doodling on this just a s much. I believe that this item will perform exactly as expected giving her hours of fun because you can use this item straight out of the box; however, I am a tiny bit concerned about the durability of the tablet. I know that it is designed with small children in mind; however, I am very nervous that may not hold up to really rough usage so I am searching now for some type of case to alleviate that fear. I am sure that I am probably being very paranoid but I just want make sure, time will tell. Honestly, I got this tablet at such a great value that I won't be terribly heartbroken either way. My granddaughter may feel differently however. LOL
I guess that for the price they ok not what I expected they are super small unless your plan is to send spr small items
Just bought a new car and bought some new accessories with this being one. I placed my 3 keys after some assembly and used the ring for my car key fob. They give you 2 different size screws in case you have more keys which will make it too thick for the standard screw being used. The leather is nice which seems like it will hold up for some time. Since it is a screw it is wise to check it every so often and give it a quick turn to tighten it. Moving you keys days loosens it out slightly, but still firm. It's nice because now I can place my keys in my pocket and they are all neatly placed in the key holder. If you have other things in your pocket you don't have to worry about keys digging you in your leg.
just what i needed !!
These were a good bargain for the size and quantity I needed.
Fits on smaller desk
Not quite what I expected. In the front there are 12 blank monthly pages back to back, then around 150 daily pages at the back. There are stickers you use to make tabs for each month but they are difficult to align and fold. I would have to continuously hunt through all those back pages, flipping back and forth to figure out my appointments for the week and they would be nowhere near the monthly calendar pages. There aren't even enough daily pages to get through half the year. The pages are thick as described and the cover seems to be good quality, overall it's decent for the price. I'll probably just give it to my son to journal in.
Although I prefer padded envelopes, these are very tough containers.
Perfect for small projects.
It's ok for the price , I use it everyday and support heavy loads .
I love the functionality of the product, however, it feels as though there's just a piece of cardboard in there. Something a little more rigid would have given the product a longer life span
This mouse pad came in today and i was super excited because ive been going without a mouse pad for a few weeks now. First impression is that for the price, its great quality! I love the options for colors and not needing any drivers, just plug and play. My one concern is that the lighting is not very bright. With my ceiling lights off, it looks good. But with them on, its noticeable but nothing that sticks out, per say. Either way, i love this mouse pad and for the price, its a real competitor!
Doesnt come with bolts
I travel and have to set up a small office for about a two week period. This stand gets my laptop screen to a good level so that I am not looking down all the time. It is compact and perfect for travel.
I will let you know the results and see in the printer doesn't reject the computer chip
Writes smoothly and cleanly. Does not dry up and clog between uses. I use it for drawing. I have the extra fine and just ordered the medium. It arrived with the barrel snapped in three pieces. It was shipped in a flexible bubble envelope which probably got bent during shipping. This item is not returnable, but when I contacted Amazon, I did receive a refund. So I am going to order it again and hope it arrives undamaged.
A little bit bigger than we thought but it works very well.
Cute! My students love them.
These paint pens tend to bleed when using them on wood. The color spreads where you may not want it.
Ample space for appointment details.
Fair deal on backup phone batteries
You know, I've used Pilot's G2 pens for work for about 6 months. Their black, blue, red and pink pens are beautiful to write with. I like using the ones that are not as common as the blue and red so I can distinguish between my writing and others. However, my last purchase I decided to go with the orange in hopes that they would be as vivid and bright as the pink pens but to my surprise they lack saturation. They are a very light orange that is sometimes difficult to read; depending on the light of course. 5 stars is adequate but the orange color threw me off.
I really like this notebook but I have noticed lately that highly rated products get immediate price increases. This will keep me from buying more. I was going to buy 10 but now I will buy another brand.
The graphics are very nice
Good price for the amount you get. The only problem I have with these is The labels seem to come off too easily after you put them on. Not like my old roll which once you put it on it was ON. So be aware you will need to either place on center where it will not be pealed off or add clear tap to make sure it does not come off on you. FYI.
I was disappointed that I cannot use this paper on dark fabric but further research revealed there really is none that I can use on dark fabric unless I want to pay $2 or so per sheet. I switched fabric to white shirt and I was amazed on how the image came out really nice on the Gildan white shirt. You do have to be aware that the rectangular shape of the paper can be seen a little bit on some of the shirts but not all. I used 400F and 3 minutes.
Longer lasting ; so many more prints are possible.
Nice product, easy to carry
Love the liquid chalk, but wish some of the markers were not so big and had a problem with one of the markers leaking a bit when I shook it. So...when you shake the markers, make sure you leave the lid on. Other than that, the markers work good.
I love these mailers! They are easy to use and nice and rigid for mailing certificates.
The markers are very good, they came in excellent conditions. My only remark is they are little markers i would like they came with more product.
This is a decent package. The ink doesn't print as dark as I like, but it is usable. The quantity is sufficient, The quality is not as good as the previous package I ordered, but like I said it is readable and that's what counts. It is excellent for the price. Will order again.
Seems to be good quality and roomy enough for everything I need to carry.
You have to pull the drawers straight out or they get stuck.
It is a little flimsy but it does exactly what I need it to do! This is a small alternative to larger compasses that don't fit in my on the go art kit. I would recommend and repurchase in the future!
They're good envelopes, no complaints.
The sheets are bright and colorful. It's exactly what I needed for daily organizing. Unfortunately due to poor packaging it arrived crinkled and bent about halfway through on the top... which will drive me crazy that the Pages arent straight 🙄
I really like the magnetic calendars. They fit nicely on my fridge and will get a ton of use. I love that the eraser also had a magnet in it to stick on the fridge! The markers have magnets on them as well as eraser ends. The only minor recommendation I would have for the manufacturer is to make the background for the month white instead of black so you can actually see the written month. I would have given 5 stars if it weren't for that.
Love this product! Use it every day. Very universal and can be used for multiple purposes and ways.
It works, but you really want to use it in a dark room. it is not very bright, but the remote control come in handy and that fact that it has youtube install already is a plus.
I would have given this review 5 stars if the plates had come with a name template card inserts. They are lightweight, and stick to glass, drywall and cubical fabric with double sided sticky tape.
Needed it and any thing to reduced prep time in the kitchen.
Good product. As expected.
A good product for the price. Some of the perforations could be stamped a little better for easier separating of the 12”x12” sheets. For the low price I can deal with this small issue.
This is a nice set. Bought it to organize my desk stuff (duh). The only thing I'm not crazy about is the size of the holder for the post-its. It's a bit larger than the actual notes. Otherwise, it serves it's purpose.
This screen is pretty much what we expected. It is very light which makes it easy to move around, especially since it's so large. The set-up, however, was a bit challenging. It requires you to snap the screen into place on the frame, but it took us two strong people to pull it tight enough to fit to the snaps. We eventually got it, but are worried about how long it would take to put it back up. If you are purchasing for an event, make sure you leave enough time allotted to assemble the screen. Otherwise, just as expected.
Product as advertised
The price for Green was a premium over black, blue, and red. What's that all about ?
They are hard, flat, and brown!
They have to come rolled up to ship, but they are hard to flatten out. I left them straightened out and under heavy books for 2 weeks and they still have a definite curvy. Other than that they are great! I will be ordering them again.
The package is a little shabby but the opener itself is good
Great pkging . Very secured. Fools everyone who looks at it. A bit larger than expected and that's a good thing.
Stretch wrap set arrived as expected Used the stretch wrap roll to wrap my luggage to protect them. Stretch wrap is useful for protecting the luggage from the baggage handlers. Handle is easy to use and roll around.
I like this journal but I took a point because the useable paper is a bit narrower than I prefer for a sketchbook. The paper quality and the price are excellent. While I do not think this will replace my go to travel watercolor sketchbook, I would not hesitate to pick it up again in a pinch.
These have been very helpful during our move. I do wish they were more durable though.
I like these highlighters, only thing is the outside casing is made of cheap plastic so they do crack easily. One of mine came with a crack in it and it was dried out when I received it.
Love this book. I felt the boxes were a bit to small but there is just a chance I am using this for a younger writer than its intended purpose. It really helps explain spacing and letter shapes
Ordered these for a family cruise vacation to hold IDs and sail cards. Works very well. Cheaper than buying on the ship.
I loved this case. The stand broke yesterday though and it's kinda sad. It was perfect. Kids are rough..
They arrived on time. I had printed cards to insert based on the dimensions given and when they arrived I realized the dimensions were the exterior not the interior of the badge holder. I had to redo the badges.
I like these little things because they're small and cute and I work in vineyards so it feels personal but they aren't perfect. if you stick the bottom point into the crease of the book hoping that it will sort of wedge itself in there and stand upright it just falls over. basically the rubber is a little too thick so it doesn't tightly wedge in there but I mean it's a place holder so it is what it is. I'd recommend them.
This is the first label maker I've owned so I don't have anything to compare it to, but I thought it'd be better for the price. It makes nice labels but the process to do so is a bit frustrating. The software you use with it isn't that user friendly. It does provide lots of font options though which I like. It uses bluetooth and the most annoying thing is that I have to reconnect the label maker to my phone each time I use it. But overall it has made me happy because I can label everything! I just wonder if I cheaper model would have been enough.
Just what I needed for holding books open to find references, etc. Think it will work great on cookbooks, pattern books, etc.
I ordered these phone because of the call block feature - tired of being swamped by telemarketer calls. The call block feature is very simple to use.
This is my 2nd one. Wish it came with a power charger
These are very small hooks (about an inch tall.) They look like the picture and come with short screws in the same dark color. Easy to install and quite sufficient to hold up a robe or belt. If you are planning to hang a heavy coat with them, you will want to screw them into a piece of wood. Because the screws are short, they aren't going to hold much weight unless you screw them into wood. They are small enough that you can put it behind a door without the door banging them. I originally bought these to make curtain tie back holders and it should work great for that. I like that the price was so reasonable.
They are as described...could be about 1" longer as if you sharpen them, they will be almost too short!!!
Looks great, won't feel bad if I lose it. Doesn't write as smoothe as a waterman, but as a daily use at work this will be safer
Works on hardwood floors but slides a bit as you move around. Not a lot but after a couple hours you'll need to readjust slightly.
This would be better if it was on thick paper. Easy to tear off
I purchased these cards after my grandfather passed away to say thanks to all the people who visited and sent kind words to me. The cards were really nice. What you see in the product description is really what you get. The only down side was that I got a couple cards that looked like they'd gotten a bit of makeup on them. Other than the few cards that were unusable because of the stains, the cards served their purpose well.
Just received my cannon color printer. Easy to setup. Cons: touch screen doesn't work well having to have to triple tap everything sometimes. I don't know if there is a setting to fix it but the printer works that is all that matters
just as good as name brand
I like the value of these for 10 dollars, but the major issue is that the folders aren't deep enough to not have some of the paper sticking out at the top, blocking the topic heads. It's not enough for me to return them, but I'd probably go in person to a store and look at files to prevent that issue from happening again.
Really like the stylus pens, just wish they came in color black too.
Work well! They are a little slimmer/flimsier than ones I've used in the past, but that did make them easy to slide not only on the key but also on the key ring. The colors are definitely a bit more neon than I would have thought, but that's fine! They do their job of easily distinguishing my keys.
I don't use these as much as I thought I would, but they look cute on my planner
It has helped with some wrist pain. I just wish it stayed in place a little better. It is constantly falling off my keyboard tray.
Fast delivery, as described
My printer does not recognize the gray cartridge which make no sense to me.
These work well and installed easily. Only complaint would be that they are not deep enough for larger power bricks.
This is really cute. Seems pretty sturdy. Can't wait for my son to give to his nana on mother's day
I bought this case because I noticed I was carrying more cords and doodads than I could keep organized. I thought it would be small and it is so no complaint. Definitely get what you pay for. I do wish there were a few more movable compartment dividers with different sizes but overall it seems pretty adequate. I've noticed high priced cases with a few more bells and whistles, which may be what I need but this will do for now.
If you are looking for a laptop computer desk, this one offers some nice options and is priced well. I like the cushiony bottom which stabilizes the "desk" when on my lap. The "lip" which acts as a stopper to avoid the laptop from sliding is effective. I also like the idea that it is adjustable and can be tilted up to a fairly sharp angle. Good purchase
We're very helpful arrived on time
Very cute and seems to be sturdy.
Its size is perfect!!
rapid shipment and reliable product form an function The TAPE that came with was noticeably not very sticky
My son, who has autism, uses this to record his homework assignments in class. So much easier than trying to get him to write things down. I just wish it was rechargable.
Very thin and tear easy
I only liked the soft type brush pen. Hard brush didn't give me the best line variation.
I am a nanny who focuses on education. I bought this for our little circle time, I do like the product. It hasn't held up super well though with a pretty handsy two year old. I wish the days of the week were a little bigger but great for kids starting to learn about calendars!
Works well for printing
actually have 3 mats now. love them.. one caution, if you are switching to a standing position, do it slowly and not all at once.
I use this projector as a home video projector. I use it in place of a tv. While it does come with speakers, they were very tin sounding and gave me a headache. Instead, I ordered separate $20 computer monitor speakers and the combination work great. This projector did have a wear frame skipping thing going on with one of my laptops though because the FPS match was 1 off. My projector runs at 59 FPS which I cannot change anywhere. I have to use a separate laptop and change my laptop's core settings to be flexible with this and to force it to stream up to 59 FPS. Other than that, the picture is good, focuses well, the planing is good, nothing else to note!
Fine but didn't actually come with a cord...
Works well enough. The speaker is not loud enough to compete with the fan but connecting the computer playing the movie to a bluetooth speaker overcomes that. Great for the money
We like using these, however we've had 1 envelope mess up with the zipper with using it for a short time.
Not what I thought I ordered my mistake
This is a nice cash box with a sturdy outside. The blue is a fun color! The closure of the coin compartment arrived broken, even though it appeared to be packaged well. I didn't bother to return it or contact the seller, as my kids needed it the next day for their lemonade sale.
This printer takes up a small footprint so it is perfect for the minimalist. It works very well on our network so is shared with all the computers. It does take a long time to "wake up" but eventually it does.
Cute but feels like cheap quality
I bought this for messages and reminders for our family. This is cheaply made but very cute and it does the job we bought it for. We use this daily and I would buy it again if I needed another one. the only thing I don't like is that it doesn't have a big enough place for the chalk to rest on this. besides that we really like it.
Good product for home printed projects and cards. Printable on both sides. Not too thick for even less expensive ink/desk jet printers.
I live on a Sailboat and need a minimalistic organized environment. This organizer and Book Ends (not shown in pic) worked perfectly for me. The only downside was it was damaged. So we pulled the frame back where it was bent and it worked, the slot is able to hold paper. I needed to get this organizing going and sometimes returns are difficult. So I am happy with the product as is.
For as outrageously high priced as these are, I definitely expected useable, not-completely-destroyed packaging because I need a way to actually store these. The markers/paint pens work nicely, the darker colors, strangely, are very streaky on the first coat, and textured watercolor paper tears up the nibs horribly, but they are very pigmented and bold. As a whole, they just fell a bit short of my high expectations of them considering how hyped up and highly promoted they are on YouTube.
It's great and I love it I just wish that to the markers didn't come with the caps off so that they were dry and don't work
I purchased these S hooks to hang orchids in the new shade house. They are well made and sturdy.
Not as fast as your corporate office printer but handles print quality well
I'm writing an updated review after having issues with leakage from the first set of markers I ordered. The seller reached out and was so polite about my concerns that they sent another set out quickly to me. I was excited to try them out with no issues like the first set. They work great and I plan to buy more as I've been using them for wood crafts quite a bit!
We use it for weekly schedule and chore responsibility's.
Smooth writing. Cost effective.
I purchased these to put on frozen foods and they stick but they curl up so that is why they didn't get 5 stars.
Pencil Sharpener arrived timely and worked as described
I've used it to scan 35 mm slides. it is fairly easy to use but since it is one at a time manual, each slide takes 15-20 sec to scan, rename, and store on my computer.
Perfect size and I loved how quickly they came!
Works great and my daughter love it! There is a large variety of letters in multiple colors. The changing background colors makes it more fun to mix and match.
Buying prior to running out of toner. Have not put into use yet.
Very nice. Stick good !
Very convenient in the cockpit but sometimes I did a color I am not expecting wish the tips were color coded for quick identification
Great little charger. Charges quickly, is lightweight, compact and provides a few hours of charge for my devices. I like that it charges two devices at once. I have other devices that provide longer/more charge but not at this price point.
Very nice Journal with lots of pages to fill. Very quick shipping and friendly service!
I constantly order from Better Badges for all my offices and staff. The only down side is that there has ALWAYS been a mistake made on literally EVERY order I've purchased BUT they are VERY good about fixing it for you and replacing those that are incorrect. Some have lasted years and some break easily. I always order the ones with magnetic back.
Liked the card, thought that it was neat.
Seems to be working as expected. Once in a while a call seems to have a delay or echo.
Easy to use and works but needle is very large that it comes with.
These aren't great for writing on, but the paper is durable & the cover is classy.
I am pleased with these. Price, condition, and packaging were all good.
does what its supposed to do.
GREAT TONER BUT TOO EXPENSIVE AND DOES NOT LAST LONG!
good price for the cards - very handy and useful for all types of tasks.
We have been using these for the last few month with no issues. Well worth it.
okay to install, many options for sizing.
The stand is nice, but we wish it had a sticky bottom. We wanted to use it in the car.
I like them a lot I think my packaging was a bit off one of my pens leaked in the package.
Doesn't hold as many corded and chargers as exspected
there are so many of these stickers in this pack... with pictures of things that I never even think about and it is fun to add on my calendar on a daily basis so I do not have to write anything on the page which makes it look messy.
I would have liked just a couple more patterns and fonts maybe but the ones included are really cute.. Made lots of newly labelled cubbies for the kids at my daycare. Worked like a charm.
These are nice push pins and more interesting than the usual ones you find but a whole row of them were crushed during shipment and were so bent that I had to throw them away.
Half the price in the stationary store for the exact same thing
Does the job...strong
Previous purchases of this item came with a ready-made label for return shipping the old, empty cartridge. No longer. It was a little confusing figuring out how to recycle (go to a website, answer some questions, print a label). Would be nice if that info came on a bright yellow card.
Does what it's supposed to. Great value. Works fine with our toner printer. Good adhesion.
The image quality isn't as good as I'd hoped it would be. Everything works well and I am generally happy with the projector. My only complaint is that it's a little blurry.
great but scratches easy
Really cool product. Spent a lot of time trying to research the best projector to get. I opted for this as of the android system with google drive. Airplay and miracast too. Although the airplay glitches whenever I try to use it. So I use the hdmi instead.
Good in different colors, but the brush is too easy to drop hair. use once
Recieved product in a timely manner. I still have ink in my printer, have not used the new product as of today.
Good value compared to other products.
Beautiful and easy to use
I needed red take to label my baby's baby bottles for day care. It's nice to be able to find red tape but it's not as sticky when used over the cold bottles.
Beautiful, has a lot of desk space while the L shape design make it so it won't take the whole room in small places. Had no problem assembling
The Franklin planning refill is classic traditional. I still use planning for noting meetings, personal appointments, tracking most important tasks and work activities/duration..
Really liked it, while it claims to support 32" screens they have to be fairly light and can't be turned inwards at all or the middle screen will block a good portion of the side screens. They essentially need to be set up facing forwards side by side. Maybe good for presentations but not for working at a desk.
i havent actually used this cartridge yet but it is a genuine replacement at a good price.
Great price for this toner cartridge. So far, it works as well as the original HP cartridge.
Excellent value card pockets! I was using them on the front of some Journals to personalize them for my kids, and they worked perfectly. Thick vinyl, and a full adhesive back that makes me feel confident of them staying secure and outlasting my kids. Great price value pack of different size options!
It works well as a memory device of where I went and where I still need to go.
it's lightweight and very durable.
hard to find the edge and get started using each roll. The starting edge should have a non-adhesive section at the beginning to make it easier instead of taking over 5 min to get it going. Other than that, pretty decent and a good value.
It fits a 13 inch fine with room to space, however it could not possibly fit a charger and an extension in the box with it.
The product is great and allows you to insert bills without bending. It helps maintain the new dollar bills. There are so many of them - I may never have to buy them again. Great quality and price.
Just what I need. Hard covers, a place for a paper pad and pen, and looks like it will last. Small and easy to carry. I just wish I could find one like it in letter size.
Look good. But feel flimsy. Not worth the price
good/different pics daily
So far we haven't used it as much as I thought we would. But it is easy to use and compact.
Nice board and fits the space in my home office. Mounting instructions were not very clear and I did not like the triangle hanging hooks, one broke so I used the hidden mounting hardware along with heavy duty velcro. Could not get the marker tray installed, so I am using an Ikea magnetic square cup that works perfectly for the markers and an eraser.
Got it earlier than the delivery was stated and fast. All was enclosed with packaging and instructions were included. Business card and a thank you note. I did my conversion and almost done. So, far it appears to be doing properly. I contacted seller with question about the yellow ink, but so far pleased.
Great calendar! It was exactly what I was looking for to help me keep track of daily routines and monthly goals. It is a bit weird with some months showing the last day on the top row but nothing that really bothers me.
Great cushion. Little small pieces of nylon come out on the inside though.
I needed this very dark green for a bulletin board. It is very lovely and just what I needed. I thought the price was very high, thus the 4 stars not 5.
This item was perfect for my calculator.
Definitely good quality and it feels good pulling it out. Stays very securely to my belt and I love that aspect! Only problem is like I saw on other reviews, the cord actually cuts into the casing. I noticed a small notch after only pulling it a few times, so I definitely wish the case came in either a metal option, or they put a protective ring around where it comes out. If it lasts long enough though I'll be buying another one.
Worked perfect for my work brick wall ! Absolutely love how easy they are to use .
Great value and beautiful cards. Would like more variety - ended up mostly birthday cards. Still good value for the money
This heel is very cute, but it was actually a lot bigger & heavier than I expected. I took a few other chains off my ring to make sure it wouldn't be too heavy for my ignition. I took one star because I don't know when or how but at some point one of the stones fell out & ive only had it a couple of months at the time I'm writing this review luckily it's not very noticeable.
A stylish way to carry around your items in a very affordable manner, you get a bit more for what you pay for. It's a very clean and useful piece of equipment I've been using for school daily. The fabric isn't the strongest and you'll notice a few strings coming apart from the zipper locations but thats after its been in my backpack for a month traveling back and forth through school home and work. I personally suggest buying this its a great product for its price, and if you're mindful and at least try to take care of it I can see it lasting a very long time.
Didn't work at all on either on batteries or USB connection. Returned. Seller tried unsuccessfully to resolve problem. Amazon refunded money promptly.
Product seems all right, but the Allen wrench that came with the product just wiggles around and doesn't do anything because it's too small. So hopefully I can find one that does fit.....
seemed nice but a gift and not sure how they held up.
These are great! They don't bleed ink and they are extra fine for detailing. I only wish color assortment was better.
Awesome! Absolutely perfect!
Loved this personalized stamp, but was a little upset when I realized how small the lettering was!! You also kind of have to put a little pressure down when you use it, only so the letters actually show. Otherwise it was a great product. Bought it to send letters to my friend at basic military training!
This printer has all of the basic features that most people would need for a home (non-office) printer. It's wireless, easy to set up, and it has just two ink cartridges. Overall, nice to use. I initially reviewed this lower, but upon support from HP Customer Service, realized that my printer was shipped with an ink cartridge that was old / dried out. So the poor printing was simply a bad ink cartridge. My only criticism is that this was clearly aged inventory in Amazon's warehouse - the printer showed with a sale date that was a year ahead of my purchase (and HP nicely updated that with the warranty information) and the ink was close to it's expiration date. But with that fix, it's been a great printer for me.
A little hard to read but nicely done.
I'd previously purchased ink replacements from another (Amazon) vendor (they also were just fine). I've encountered no problems with these either. It's challenging for find ink cartridges at an affordable price for brother printers (I LOVE my Brother printer/scan/copier). This is a good option.
So far, so good! The first couple print jobs were not as bold as the starter toner that came with the printer. So far, I'm thankful for this less expensive option for toner!
A rainbow of colors ,have gun.
This is not a bad chair for the price. I had some problems with the wheels but they were promptly addressed by very helpful customer service. So overall I can give the 4 stars to this product.
Husband loved it. Looks just like the real thing. He was confused when he thought he got a tea for Christmas lol. The only thing I don't like is lid. It's hard to put back on and I feel like it could break if you push too hard
Not very good on round surfaces, but you can make do. Pens write well, and pieces stick nicely but can also be removed with ease. Perfect for my spice rack!
This was not what I thought I ordered. I had thought I was ordering ones I could put through my printer. The fault was mine, I didn't fully read the product information. That being said these were fantastic to hand write for a different occasion.
Yellow wasn't as clear in the beginning but once we cleared the head it worked nicely.
These work well for artwork of all sorts. I color mostly small images (3.5 to 4 inches square) which I use for card making. I'm very impressed with the range of colors and this is a great value for the money.
It isn't anything crazy just provides protection from finger prints and smudges on screen it didn't come with anything to prep it so I ended up having one tiny hair and it shows a bubble my ocd hates but it comes with 3 and was not hard to install just align with camera hole.
Very helpful for my new work-from-home job--helps keep my wrists elevated, and they are so squishy/comfy. Love the pattern too.
Love dogs and this is so adorable. Am happy with the order and the humor it provides. Just wish the cards were easier to flip. They get caught up on the wire ring. Looks like it is bent, but looks like it is intended to be that way.
Perfect for my needs, only challenge I have is that they are slightly larger than expected. What I mean is that because they are wider than I was expecting, they don't fit into my file lock box any more. But the for the price, they work great.
Portable little recorder and works as it's expected. Buttons make it easier to operate than just menu options like some other models.
The pens where great all except the white pen I couldn't get it to work. Other than that , the product work great. Will definitely order again.!
Seem to do what they are supposed to do. I have only used one so far.
It was a bargain buy
This is very specifically for a certain sized photo but does a great job at it. Easy to set up with WiFi. It is more economical to get photos developed at Costco and doesn't have the choice of sizes but if you want instant photos it will do the job
As described, holds cards pretty well
This is a much easier purchase to stomach(compared to original manufacturer) if you go through a lot of toner. We have had a black toner print with lines in the margins, but for the quantity we've gone through it seems reasonable to expect a dud.
Have not used it yet
Got these stickers for my kiddos and they all love them! Great adhesion and the color is awesome!
Everything arrived on time and as advertised
It keeps coming off the lanyard. Other than that, it's fine.
Easy to use skin tones. Nice assortment of colors. Reasonably priced.
They are cute for work.
Great price wished it there was less ghosting and bleeding
Worked Perfectly in our Zebra printer! Fast shipping
The only issue I had was not being able to move the hanging hooks as described to hang it from the different positions, so I ended up having to mount it to get it the way I wanted it. It also doesn't tell you the size bit you need to drill, so that took some trial and error, but after figured out it was not a difficult task. Works just as expected and comes with everything you need to start using it, markers, eraser, magnets, and push pins. I would recommend it.
These worked well for our workshop
great buy, sold printer before used, would like to return if possible
Looks the same as HP ink and a great value
Just be careful if you're writing on the left side of the card - the paper is thick, but not thick enough to prevent the pen from sticking a hole through the paper where the design gaps are. Otherwise, this was a wonderful gift.
I like but i still haven't use it
We never got to use them! We got them while we were in the process of moving and lost them! We were going to use them on our USA map.
I like this desk. It has a lot of nice features and is well made of good materials. Needs improvement with the latches that are supposed to keep the legs from collapsing. The do not have a mechanism to keep them in place, so they constantly come loose making it too precarious for, say, breakfast in bed. I use it as a computer desk.
Beautiful for decor... a little small and not to strong for the price.
Adorable flowers and the pens write very well.
Not nearly as solid or as many features as the previous unit. Works well, good value
So far, I am enjoying these markers for my school calendar. I love that my board looks neater and easier to read compared to using the thicker marker that my board came with. The reason why this product is not 5 stars is mainly because the markers did stain my board a bit. I have the U Brands whiteboard that I purchased from target, and I use water to remove what I need to change/update. The staining isn't too bad yet, but I can tell that with constant use it'll start to be more noticeable. I'll include photos of my board with the standard thicker marker, then with these markers, and the staining.
Really good option for replacement toners. Sometime you will get a bad one that leaks, but contact the seller and they replaced mine. Beats paying premium price for toner.
Have High volume needs to print and toner can be a bit expensive. Good alternative
kind of small tho, could be a larger size
Movers loved it. Could have used more that said Living room and Kitchen, less of the bedrooms.
My daughter loves that it does not look like a big black 'family' printer. She loves the teal! I was disappointed in the shipping as the product box had a large shipping sticker on it and being a gift from Santa, this was not acceptable. I had to tear the top layer off the box off to get the decal off, and that was tough to explain to the girl.
I liked the look of it.
Definitely have more of a marker design but the writing is very clear. It runs out quicker than I like
It goes from Monday-Sunday, rather than Sunday- Saturday
Really good value. I didn't need many of the inserts. I am fussy about my day planner and make my own calendar pages. I would prefer only three rings - lots of holes to punch! Cover is thick ( it is nice but I would like a thinner one). Great value. A little smaller in size than I thought - as I said I make my own calendar pages which is half a sheet of paper 4.25 x 5.5 (half of 8.5 x 11). I had to trim them all down to fit.
Work as expected but there are some smokes coming out after heating up but before use.
It arrived on time and will fulfil its purpose. However, some of the hardware was crooked. Nothing I can't overlook but may bother some people.
Great for grabbing something to eat in the car and a note table for conference calls
The seal of my refrigerator door was gone. Dealing with a non closing fridge was not easy!! The seal for this refrigerator was discontinued. I got the idea of placing some magnetism to the existing seal. It worked so good that it took a little effort to get it opened. It worked!! Saving a a fridge that looks new and works great was a no brainer. The only bad thing is that after a month the adhesive has started to wear down and magnetic strip falling off. Now i need to find a glue that can adhear to rubber from the magnetic strip backing.
I've actually already purchased a calendar from this company for my desk because I like the style and that they aren't that expensive. Is it the most highest quality paper ever? No. Does it come with fun bonus stickers? Yes. Honestly, its decent for office use. I've found that buying calendars at a store are way more expensive and not as cute. I like that this has a little checklist area on the right side too so that you can plan stuff out.
I think these are great markers, they work well (except the orange) - I've been buying these for the last 2 years and like them for the fact that you don't have to shake them, but the colors are a bit weaker than the Quartet markers (which you have to shake). Overall I used them on a glass board (high-end glass writing board) and the colors come out okay, but they are a bit duller than the quartet (see the photo). Overall they are fast, easy to clean up and work for a while. Get the Expo neon if you want fast, no shaking, a bit less work Get the quartet if you want brighter colors and easier to see (but you have to shake before each use here and there)
I bought this ink for my printer at work. I go through a lot so I was looking for a good deal. I was worried at first that it wouldn't last as long or be as vibrant as higher priced ink. Boy was I wrong! Win win
Good product for the price
The bags were great. The only thing that was really aggravating is when you peel the strips off the adhesive, the strips cling onto your hand or your wrist (static cling) and you can't get them off. You have to stop what your doing and physically pull them off with your other hand. Very annoying when your trying to work fast and get things done.
Very nice. A little too narrow.
Very cute, wish it was a little bigger and heavier. Good for the price though.
The only negative thing I have to say that the operating instructions aren't easy to following.
Works great. Thought it was a little larger.
I purchased these oil-based Sharpies to make mandala rocks in an art class at my daughter's school. I got exactly what I ordered and they arrived on time. I did not have any issues with the ink running out too quickly or the pens being faulty as others have indicated. My disappointment has to do with not realizing the Sharpies are not returnable. Once they arrived, I realized I should have bought the fine point not the medium point. In the end, the projects came out nice, they just lacked the finer detail I was hoping for. I mention this so no one else ends up with the wrong item and then are completely stuck. They are expensive so make sure you purchase the right ones the first time around.
Great product actually works. Front and back covers do warp though.
Working as intended.
Very Nice folders. packaging is good. None of the tabs were bent.
I think this set is great when first learning. It was priced well for what you get especially since Tombow seems to be a great brand (from what I've read). The only reason this doesn't get 5 stars is because the markers are poorly labeled. I was trying to figure out which pen is meant for what and in very tiny writing, it says the kind of pen it is.
Smaller than i thought, but good quality
Smaller than expected.
For everyday use in our office and warehouse.
Great little pencils. I used these for games at my daughters bridal shower. They were the perfect color and size.
the box was bent, but it worked.
Very happy with this bag. Thank You.
Works great for the price! Had some issues getting it to fit correctly at first but my printer recognized it as a non HP cartridge & went on it's merry little way. Would recommend!
Nice and thick. Hangers on them fit the rails of file drawer perfectly.
This has been great for our son and his weekly chores. It is a good size and heavier than I thought it would be so it holds up well to the kids. I bought a pack of chalk markers to fill it out and check the boxes. I will be purchasing a few more for my younger kids just so I have them for when they are ready for chores and a chart.
not the best pens in my opinion. I like a more fine point, but this is a great color variety.
Great ink! Just wish it came in larger quantities.
A decent binder at a very good price. Holds a lot of paper - reports, etc.
Nifty planner. I've used many different daily, monthly planner brands over the years and this one is the most interesting one by far. Pros: This is an unusual structure in how it's forces the user to plan, review, and reinforce/amend behavior techniques to accomplish overall goals. It also allows a creative aspect to spark the user's imagination. I like the bold colors and the three, practical bookmarks. Nice sturdy cover. Cons: As previous reviewers have mentioned, it takes some time to write out all of the dates, goals, and ideas. Also, the ribbons are already starting to fray, and there's a slight lean in the binding (possibly due to leaving the back pocket empty?). This is from using for almost 4 weeks. So I'm curious to see how this holds up for a year.
I don't print heavily but this has been a solid performer for me. Downside is it's a bit large, but I guess that's expected when it's also a scanner.
So far it looks good, matches the desk set up in putting together for my home office. It should be able to adjust to hold two monitors in the future.
Very dull looking wwas disappointing
I received only one. But seller corrected issue and received the described amount. These folders are great quality. They fit into a file cabinet.
Does what it says and no fuss. Replace my earlier HP laser jet that lasted many years but had wifi issues.
I like the size of this planner, and it has plenty of room for notes. I would have liked tabs for each month, but those can be added easily enough. Good product, would buy it again.
The size and quality of the product is great! The packaging was also professional and beautiful. My only negative is that the color I selected (Grey) has more of a blush / pinkish tone to it. It's a warm grey, almost a taupe, beautiful but I was hoping for a cooler grey (with more blue than red). I will keep it because I love it and it wasn't advertised as any specific grey. I'm probably pickier than most as I deal with color daily in the business I am in.
Looks great. But with it having displayed at the bank I work for. I had to spray paint the frame which I think looks better. Only problem I would have with this is the pieces have that little plastic that needs cut off. Such a pain. And that they are all out of order. Hard to find what your looking for with all those pieces. I went through and organized them and labeled which letters and numbers were.
Super cute and very sturdy set. Looks great on my desk.
A little smaller than I thought but I got the collection and it's cute
Dispenser doesn't stay together
Good quality. Smaller than I thought. My bad for not getting out a ruler and measuring I guess. But it's good for hanging small to medium size plants.
havent used them yet but will soon
I would have given it 5 stars if the binding was better
Product arrived quickly, well packed and as advertised
Easy to use , however, could last longer
So much fun with eggs!
It's a nice basic bookcase. I'm using it for towels and stuff, not books, so I don't know how it'll stand up to weight but it went together easily and seems sturdy.
The only reason I took off a star is for a few reasons. 1. I think they should've added a handle on the side instead of the little strap. 2. It was pretty difficult to put my Prismacolors in the slots of the first part (page) of this binder. 3. The zippers are alright, they don't get stuck or anything but the little tab things that area attached to the zippers are so cheap and flimsy. Other than these few things, I really love this! After the first part, where the pencils were difficult to slip in, the rest of the binder was soooo easy to put my pencils in! I love this binder and mine does NOT have 160 slots, it actually has 171 SLOTS!!! Which is amazing!!!!
They work pretty good the only problem I have is that a few of them started leaking around the top and it's getting liquid chalk all over the place.
These lables print well, my only dislike is it is hard to keep the inner circle with the rest of the label when you peal it off to apply to the disc
I love the color and texture of the cover. The size is perfect and it lays flat without compromising the binding. However, the paper is thinner than I was hoping and some inks bleed through. Overall, it is a good quality for the price.
Very pretty colors, but they are very thin and flimsy. I use them to hold sewing patterns, so I bought some pretty duck tape and taped up the sides to make a pocket. I prefer the tabs all on the same side and these are perfect that way. And the tabs are long so I was able to make labels with large lettering.
Definitely great for the college student, relatively inexpensive on the toner and very fast printing after a short warm up keeps the waiting to a minimum and the productivity high.
It's a great design with a really good layout. The leather feels expensive, but after a week the dye seems to be rubbing off a little where I hold it.
The boxes served their purpose for a move. Took a minute to figure out assembly but they are sturdy and work
light and value for money
Outside could've used a higher resolution printer. Was gonna give it 3 stars, but the inside looked like the inside of the fish too, surprisingly, so 3.5 stars.
I hook these to the keys and write on them with a marker so I know who the keys belong to. Very ingenious idea. The only thing I don't like is the company website printed on each one.
Cute prints and envelopes. Sealing stickers brought red/strawberry themed. No envelope glue.
Was not a box of 12 Markers but 12 individual packages. This is okay with me
Like it. Looking forward to using it. Just wished I got the right color. Ordered the white but got black. Box was marked white- inside black.
I purchased this mini rolo to use for passwords as well as addresses. The cards are not sleeved but they are too small to attach a business card to anyway. I have not looked myself, but I wish I had seen that you cannot buy replacement cards for this mini rolo.
Item arrived fast and as described. It works great but since it is a newer product, could be improved upon on design. Here are my suggestions: 1. Mount the iron holder on some sort of swiveling bar, so that when used from the front, the bar can be turned to the side for easier access and then tucked back behind for storage. 2. I love the magnifying lens, but it would be better if it was divided up in halves and could be spun in place depending on what magnification is needed. 3. Make the base a bit heavier...sometimes it likes to move around while trying to mount something in the helping hands. 4. Include a sponge for the metal tray that can be used when soldering if needed. Otherwise, an nice piece, love the lights, and a huge improvement over my old helping hands I was using. It's awesome for the price, I'm glad I purchased, and would definitely buy it again and recommend to someone.
Works great but my thumb keeps hitting the light switch.
This glass whiteboard makes a fine addition to my home office. It's sturdy and solid. Dry erase markers write on it well and erase easily (I use microfiber cloths to clean my whiteboards). You can hang it vertically or horizontally and you just attach the tray to whatever side is the bottom. The tray attachment relies on little soft pads to secure it in place, sort of like a cork. It works well, but I worry what will happen if I put any weight on the tray. It was difficult to hang alone, so I suggest calling a friend over to help hold it in place while you pencil the holes. And as others have said, you really need to get the holes drilled dead on center. You can see from one of my pics what happens when you don't. It doesn't quite sit flush. Two things would have made the hanging experience better: a paper stencil that you can tape to the wall to line up and drill the holes, and some indication as to the size of the molly bolts so you know which drill bit to use.
What's to say? They're key tags. They do the job they were designed for and they fit our existing holder.
I needed copper foil tape to shield the traces on a printed circuit board for a guitar amp. A lot of places online sold shielding tape, but the shipping came close to the price of the tape. The local hardware stores also didn't have copper tape with a conductive adhesive. This tape sold on Amazon shipped for free, but with a catch. I didn't realize until I got the tracking #, that it was shipped directly from China! I had to delay my project repair for 2 weeks, waiting for this to arrive in the mail. Definite frustration. The tape itself is thin. Ideal for paper circuits or minor repairs. It flattens through creases easily and the conductive adhesive works. Removing and resticking it to a surface isn't recommended because of how thin it is.
bought these for bullet journaling! they are a little smaller than expected, i absolutely love them! the packaging is super cute. for free shipping it took a while to come, but it's free shipping what else would you expect. they are a little expensive for 20 mildliners. it also came with one smiley sticker
All were in great shape and work for making keychains
Glass arrived undamaged and quick. There is some slight weird discoloration in the middle in certain areas, but it's usable. Easy to install and works.
I ordered for 1994 truck, but it did not work because its an older truck!
Cute product but large
Overall, the quality is very nice. The only downside is about 1/3 of the book has lined pages which I wasn't aware of. I thought they were all blank.
Very pretty. Please with my purchase.
I use these at school so I had to buy them for myself for lashes and skin analysis. I really love these the only downside is that I have no idea how to put on the strap...which would be helpful.
I bought this pen because I enjoy writing in the dark. The light is bright enough that it doesn't blind the eyes. The ink, however, is dull and too light for my liking. I would suggest using darker black ink.
Bought this for my history teacher as a little thank you gift, and he just loves it. Very good quality.
Yup - it's ink. Expensive but it works. If it were cheaper I would have given it 5 stars. I suppose HP has to make it's money somehow though since they basically give their printers away.
The product is really nice and specially printed from your phone is awesome. It's happened to me quite a few times when it stops responding and I had to reset to factory settings to start printing. I'm not sure if this is a side-effect of refurbishing or a driver issue
I loved getting to purchase this on Amazon, because I never get to the post office. However, I am trying to write more letters to family and friends, so this has been a great find for me!
They write rather well (bold colors).
Good quality expanding file. If this is what you want, it is good. Tough to give a 5 star "love it" on a file.
I used these to hang a string of lights on my metal pergola, they seem to work very good so far. There ease to move around.
It's a good stamp. Very clear & good ink. The only problem is my whole company name is not on the stamp.
Got this for my middle schooler. She loved the color but it's not as durable as I'd hoped. It's big enough for most of her classes and I like the zipper and strap.
better than bread ties [lol]
Nice product for the price but the paper is a bit thin. It will serve my needs.
work good however do not last as long as the lexmark branded cartridges
Overall looks good. First one was damaged however the seller was prompt at refunding and replacing. Great customer service.
Works great. You need external speaker and the room needs to be pretty much pitch black but if you keep the two in mind you will be very happy with this little gem.
I wish the packaging was better.
Works well for a, easily portable, mouse pad. Mouse glide's easily and it fits in the laptop case without issue. I haven't used any of the other similar products so I don't have any comparison to this mouse pad and I don't game so I'm not any help with that, either. I would recommend it for the price.
A little uneven at first, but after shaking it well I got the ink to distribute appropriately. It has been fine since. Good price.
Works just like it always has since it was invented
I never received my package due to delivery issues but I was compensated for it. I've already been using he black pen and it is by far my favorite pen to write with since it doesn't bleed through the paper and you can hardly see it through even on loose-leaf paper. I love that it's .5mm which makes writing clear concise. I would love to try the other colors but I don't have them so for now all I can review is the black pen. Below i've included notes I wrote woth the black pen.
IT worked well with hanging my Viewsonic projector. Flexible enough to handle a 3 point connection.
Overall good product, except for handset screen could be brighter to read
Love that it fits on my side by side door!
Great deal on quality tape. Best Buy I have found
These are a good valued replacement, I have used these several times in the past and will continue to do so.
This product is great for counting the days of school! I don't love the number cards because it's a little difficult for my first graders to go through and find the correct card, so I use dry erase tape and my students just erase and write the correct number each day.
These labels do exactly what you need them to do. The only thing that seems to bother me at this time, is that the cheap plastic bag the labels come in has a terrible adhesive on it that has ruined several labels while you are pulling them out. Once the adhesive sticks to the labels you cannot salvage those labels for use. Anyway, I recommend you pulling all the labels out and discarding their cheap plastic package in which it comes in.
I have been using this type material to ship /mail small items all over the USA, its easy to work with but be careful not to wrap too tight it will tighten in transport and can damage delicate items. What I don't like is the diameter of the rolls the cardboard tube handle is larger making you think you are getting more material than you are and making the roll more clumsy to work with. Big box stores (WM) sell the same material with a smaller cardboard tube handle and it is easier to work with, especially if you have small hands. (Which I do not but just saying) The 4" roll sold here is no fun moving around small parts it is not an advantage. When it is 50% consumed it will be easier to handle. (no pun intended)
covers are flimsy, i ussually get a lily pulitzer planner but college = no more name brand. does exactly what it needs to & makes planning days easy, also the wood is super cute
Just received the bands a few days ago. I purchased them for my families trip to Disney World in May 2019. So, it is too soon to tell if they will last. We will be there for 7 days and we have 4 boys and 1 girl ages 4 to 9. However the bands really look nice and the good quality is appreciated. It is my belief that they work for us.
Looks good Let's see how long does it last
It's not the same quality as brother but it works fine. Very thin tape and slightly harder to peal apart from the back. The price is worth it though I needed it to label several note books and folders so for my purpose it was ok.
exactly as I expected. Great product for my mom's oxygen machine in public. If the handle was 6" taller I would say this cart would be perfect. I have to bend done a touch to hold the handle. Probably fits my mom's height better. I would definitely buy this item again.
I almost gave them 5 stars. They work great and are very pretty but they are NOT clear. They are gold. Pretty gold, but gold. I read one comment to use less to make it look clear. Nope. It's gold. Only opened one so far.
I've had one installed for about a week now and seems OK - no idea how long it will last of course.
This ink is absolutely stunning on the right paper but it takes forever to dry. 24 hours later it will still smudge, be careful. It's shimmering quality requires you to make sure the fine particles are suspended which may take rolling the pen before you start using it. It may occasionally clog a TWSBI Fine NIB. I found it would free up with some use. It ranges from an almost black to a teal. Just wish it would dry more reliably so until then only 4 stars.
I like the emoji on the pea in the middle. The peas on each side don't work as easily.
it is a very nice little index card holder but does not hold enough cards for me since I use index cards for all our personal, business, and computer information.
I love the full year row of calendars at the bottom, Since I use this calendar for work and often am working months ahead, this is great! I like the days past and to come feature, as that also helps with my job. I like the holidays and moon listings. Not a fan of the lack of white space. Last year's calendar had the month name inside the white space and that allowed me to write special reminders of upcoming events. This one doesn't have that small amount of white space so noting advance events is trickier. With that bar of white space, this would have been a 5 star review.
Great standard tape dispenser. I do wish it would come with an extra plastic core just in case one gets lost.
My friend eloped unexpectedly, so I needed a quick meaningful gift! She got it the day after and loved it. Plus it's useful for when they have their real wedding reception and need to send out all those TY letters.
Caught a mouse, I think I should pick a transparent, a little scared when I saw it in the move.
No need to pay more. This ink was perfect.
Awesome Product! Very comfortable when used with our exercise balls (that we use as office chairs). Will likely order more. It misses 1 star because of price. There's no way a half-cylinder of foam wrapped in fleece should cost more than $10
These are nice ink pens. If using for note writing then ink needs time to dry.
This was a gift for my mother who was having trouble threading her sewing machine needle. Since it clamps on, it can be used anywhere.
The actual product is great and helps my 9 year old really focus while reading. However, other reviewers said this, but the case when it broke shattered into shards of plastic. No kidding it was sharper and more dangerous than glass. I would recommend tossing the plastic case as soon as it arrives.
The color will begin to fade or dull after a few months of continuous use. Beautiful while it lasted though. You can still tell what the image is, but the colors have lost their luster.
One can came with NO air in it. The tab was hard to get off ( I have arthritic hands). But after all that they were great.
Holds up well to daily use.
Lid organizer is of low quality.
This is a beautiful lamp but it is very bright! I even tried swapping to lower voltage bulbs and it wasn't helpful so just be prepared a super spotlight type effect .
It's not super sturdy which is a shame, but it works for what I needed it for. All and all, I'm happy with the buy.
I wish the stamp shown had something next to it for scale. it is much smaller than anticipated however it works just fine.
Arrived quickly. Beautiful colors! A couple of them were quite dry so I'm not sure how long they will last.
Did a nice job on my furniture and left no scent.
These are nice markers. We bought them for our daughter because they were on sale for quite a discount. Normally her art budget means we get her Ohuhu or some other off brand alcohol marker. Decided to let her try these since they were the same price. She said she likes them and they are of equal quality to the cheaper ones we typically get her. If they are on sale we would consider them again, but they aren't nice enough to merit the full price tag otherwise.
I purchased these for coloring in my adult coloring books and so far they are doing a good job.
Bought these to mount a power bank on the underside of a coffee table with a top I didn't want to drill into to hold it in place. I used three of these and so far it has stayed in place and shows no signs of budging. The only reason I didn't give these five stars is because the red side of the adhesive pad is a little hard to remove and you really need to use your fingernails to get it separated from the adhesive, which was a tad frustrating. If you're wanting to mount something somewhere without using nails, screws, or bolts, try these.
Great customer service. I was supplied with a second unit and it worked very well. Recommended.
It holds a lot of ink but is not the super-wide tip like I thought it would be.
Ok. I love these but why do they run out soooo fast?!?! It runs out in 2 days for those of u who write a lot. But overall, its smooth to write and has an eraser too!
Not sure why the description says its glow in the dark. As far as I can see, it only glows under a black light. The color is really bright. It has the feel and consistency of medical tape. It's a sticky cloth feel.
Love all its features it doesn't hold a charge as long as I think it should. About 1 and 1/2 days. I don't use it very often so to me should last longer.
It's a piece of wood with foam over it, wrapped in black material that is well stitched around the edges. No frills. The logo is stamped right on the edge of the right side and is not removable. It's nothing special, but it serves its purpose.
Daily use in my printer
Liked the variety pack and the rustic style. The envelopes are really cute but don't stick really well - really gotta make sure to wet the adhesive. I added a piece of tape when sending just to make sure they wouldn't accidentally open.
This product works fine in my printer. I like the fact that they are less expensive than others. Thank you for providing a quality product at a great price.
The first cartridge leaked a bit. But is working fine at the moment. I'll have t do use the product longer to see if it is a good replacement. For now it seems to be working as asvertised.
my wife and I like the large words and numbers
I used this product for spirograph art. They are nice pens and the price is great. I usually go over each line a few times as the color isnt as vibrant as Id like unless a lot of it is layered. I will totally get more of these though. Great selection of colors and you cant beat the price.
I love this tool! It is the perfect size to carry around to classes in my pencil case. At any time I can whip it out to draw a straight line or a perfect circle. The circular wheel does stick sometimes (as in it can be hard/impossible to turn), but I simply turn the other way and it's fine. A minor inconvenience I'm willing to deal with for all the other benefits!
So this product works great with iPhone 8 What is not great are the nonsense instructions these came with. The translation is so off they don't make sense. Seriously I think I could have written better instructions.
I love the price! I wish it was easier to move up and down.
worked but I hate the price
Great fit for my needs. I sell jewelry and can fit about 4-5 pieces in it.
works just as described.
may have to remove foil for your badge to work with newer HID style
While I could nit pick about small things that I would personally change, overall it's a great journal to document your readings. There are only two categories of there's I changed because I didn't care to note about that info, so there are relevant things you include for each book.
I bought this because I needed wheels that turned in the front - I am wheelchair bound and locked wheels are not for me anymore. When you get it, make sure you have all the pieces; mine came with the smaller wheels already inserted; NOW -- as for that rod and springs etc -- (1) put the rod thru the back (2) one cotter pin and one washer go on the inside (3) then the washer, the spring, the wheel and then the other cotter pin go outside the cart. The cotter pin is the funny looking skinny thing. Only three of my "caps" fit, but as long as you have twisted those cotter pins (you need a pair of needle nose pliers to separate the small part from the big part) and then twist them around in different directions to lock the wheel in place - do this to all four cotter pins. Hope this helps. I find that when it is folding, the little wheels sort of get in the way. They have to be facing back toward the big wheels and then it will fold easily. Just experiment a little. Other than that, it seems sturdy enough for a few years of traveling the Boston streets. I don't think it will last more than 3 or 4 years but I think that's a good estimation for rough streets.
works great for the purpose i got it for!
I liked the price of this tape and it seems to work just fine. I'm only giving it 4 stars as it's not as thick and tough as some of the more expensive name brands. But if you're looking to save money, this does the job!
When I opened the shipping box, the two packs of paper and a box of Cortisone I ordered were all open. The paper is fine, but I'm not sure if I should use the Cortisone because it could have been tampered with. I've never had this happen before.
Unlike larger fresnel sheets, this has very good optics for a piece of acrylic. My main complaint would be that you get very little magnification unless you hold it at the maximum distance in focus, which is about 8", but you'll still have to move it around to read large pages or newspaper. Also, the light from the LEDs will only be centered if you're at about 4", where you will only have minimal magnification.
Exactly what I wanted
I love the touch of the cover, very cool feeling. I am a little disappointed that it doesn't hold more cards. also can be a little awkward to open.
Can't really color in drawings on the pages for my bullet journal without heavy bleeding. Can use one stroke colored accents at the most with pretty much any marker I've tried using so far. Otherwise a nice starter journal
It distributes good amounts of water but I dont love the brushes density for the wide ones. They are super thick to me. I LOVE the thin ones they give me what I need to paint with use the thick ones for wetting the paper.
Replaced my bulky & beat up white board calendar! Wish I had found sooner!! Only 2 minor drawbacks: can only use chalk markers and those can get expensive & markers don't like to erase very well
Makes it look much neater when updating the connectivity of an 80's era home.
Item as described! Impressive service. Thanks A+
The boards are very nice. I received two as stated in the description. They quality is great, easy to erase and the magnets work well. This board also came with two markers with magnetic tips to keep on your board. The boards are heavy and did come damaged in the box as others have stated. It is just a minor dent on the side, no damage to the actual board, but the seller was nice to compensate for the minor damages. Overall, a great board and would buy it again 😊
good quality, solid built, but hard to use.
I bought 2 of these. For a little over $10 each I can't expect much. It's a really neat way to keep your keys organized. However, my first one broke after tightening the screw just a bit much. So far so good on the second one.
I like the layout and the smaller size.
I like how well the mechanism for opening and closing works and that there are plenty of rings so that I can refer to my notes often without the pages tearing out accidentally. I am a little concerned about durablity but some plastic stuff lasts really well. I am going to order a couple of the model that has metal rings for next term. I couldn't afford the few extra dollars this time. So far these are great. I wish that I could give another half point. If they hold up, they deserve 5 stars. I just don't know yet.
I appreciate these mechanical pencils because they make it easy to keep a sharp point without going to a pencil sharpener every five minutes. This value pack includes extra lead and extra erasers which is a plus.
love it - it has some friction to lie on my lap.
I like it so far after a week. OK, the box is heavy so what. You need the exercise. It easy to put together. Takes 5-10 minutes at most. It easy to adjust up and down. Seems durable. One issue. I noticed when I'm standing If I lean on the upper level, as you will after standing a while, it makes a noise as if you are stressing it. Like I said it has only been week, I'll follow up if the whole thing crashes after leaning weight on it. But I am impressed with the look, the design, the functionality and ease of use. The price is very competitive and seems to be a best buy.
I love flairs. Only thing that I was slightly disappointed with the color, as it was a bit darker than I thought it would be.
Good product. Would be better if it had some way to close it.
very happy with this purchase
My family had wall calendar holders, so something about having one makes my place feels more at home. It's made of real wood and stained nicely, doesn't feel mass produced. Be weary of the size of your calendar before getting this. This is made for Lang calendars it looks like and regular sized calendar WILL NOT fit. I tried using duct tape And nothing would keep the pages of smaller calendars held back and would come home every day to it on the floor. There is a small pen/pencil tray at the bottom you could fit two regular sized writing devices on. I don't remember if it came with a screw or not. There is a slot on the back that you can size up before installing.
Overall- Game changer. Not extremely sturdy but it works as expected. Sometimes the hole punchers get locked up if you punch more than two pages at a time. It works as expected though- no tearing.
Good value but definitely not sturdy enough for anything you're going to be using daily.
Was skeptical at first but it works and fits my printer. Will update have to update review after a couple more prints.
Fits 2018 really well. It's a little slippery for my dog
Very easy to assemble but it'll be better if they label is board
Gave this 4 vs 5 stars b/c it's loud compared to our HP Officejet printers we used to use. We're trying the "tanks" to see how they work out. Also, a little bummed they aren't touch screen but the staff has gotten used to it. We used to only get about 7-9 months out of the HP's so if this dies I will return with an update.
This was suppose to be a skull and it was wolves.
It really cover the names and address> I usually cut the labels and shredded them. Now I don't need to.
Not quite as much line variation as I was hoping for from the fude nib, and I wish it didn't have "War and Peace" engraved on it. But it is a sturdy hefty pen, and a very smooth and comfortable writer. I would buy it again.
whiteboard in a notebook
Use these for my work badges and it works fine. It can get a little sticky sometimes - where the cards don't go in smoothly...but it works in keeping the cards secure.
The only thing is when you erase, you really can't write again over that spot.
Stand Broke really quick
I love the bright colors, I do a lot of floral coloring pages and my flowers pop off the page. It does take a few times to get a deep color, which is ok. I will most likely buy some of your other color pencil sets.
This is a cheap kit. It will work if your kid needs to have these items for school, but if you are trying to use it for any sot of drafting or woodworking, this is not the kit you are looking for. I was hoping for a bit nicer set.
They are good all purpose scissors. Good for heavy duty duty as well as light duty.
The bells keep calling if the chains. The nut that holds the bells on the base come undone allowing all the bells to fall to the floor. First time it happened I thought it was a fluke. No, it happens about once a month. Wouldn't recommend.
These pens were an awesome bargain. I didn't expect them to be as good as more experience pens, but I was pleasantly surprised. Smooth ink flow! Nice body design.
At first use, the ink did not flow out the way I, a first-time user of watercolor brush pens, would expect it to. They are definitely a shocker at first use; I had no idea how to use the water pen at first. After I got the hang of how these pens were to be used, they are the one art supply I use nearly every day. They are easy to whip out and doodle with when you're on the go, especially since all the water you need is in the water pen. I absolutely love these and will most definitely be investing in larger quantities of these; I've almost used my set completely!
Great product just once it's setup making adjustments while laptop is on it the buttons become complicated to fine tune adjustments.
Love it but the magnet on one of the corners is starting to dislodge from the cardboard backing.
Well built and adjustable in size. It is made of metal so it has some heft to it and adds to the stability. It even comes with the needed wrench to adjust the width.
This product was just what I was looking for. I'm keeping a journal for my grandson for day-to-day activities. I plan on giving him this when he gets older with all of our memories in it.
I purchased these to use on a wedding sign. They were perfect. Beware though, I used liquid chalk and it will not come off. DO NOT USE LIQUID CHALK. I did not know until it was too late that the liquid chalk will not come off. I would buy again though if I need them.
The only my thing I didn't like was the chain because it was kind of stiff. But that's my own personal preference.
Great product. A little bulky but for those who MUST be organized while traveling this is perfect. Not lightweight but trades some weight for ruggedness.
I like the projector so far.good for the price
Really like these finger cots and have bought several orders as well as getting them for friends. Only complaint is the sizing. Need more "bigger" one in the bag. The smaller ones will only fit a child. A little pricey but I keep buying them.
Glad to hear about this. When lived in Minneapolis I went to a store for recycled ink. Much less than new ones. They have gotten very expensive. Have had no problems.
Great price and great quality. Was cheaper than office max and was actually a higher quality which I was surprised about!
I have a small hand and it fits my small wrist and hand perfectly.We live in a tropical state and it fits in with my decorating scene.
Over priced. 7.99 at staples. Notebook it self is great, you get function of a 3 ring binder with the ability to add pages as needed.. But with the feeling of a spiral notebook.
Its a nice case i got for my little cousin, its really nice but the little pocket ripped a little after she got it Maybe she was putting to much stuff but it didnt last very long. But cute for the price
For the price this works well. I have lots of whiteboards at work and eventually if you leave the marker on there too long it becomes really hard to remove. You cant expect any whiteboard to last forever. I figure i'll use this until it gets too difficult to clean and get another. It is useful for the family to schedule the month.
I didn't realize I was buying a compact size rather than a full size and that's on me, but the stapler arrived with a few little knicks in the nice bright yellow metallic paint. Didn't seem like a big enough deal to mail it back but was still a little disappointing.
I go through about 200 or 300 a month, then found these bulk cases. My only complaint was the packing, it was too heavy, my box was delivered opened. im assuming it still has 1000 Not going to verify. Great price.
not sure what some of these reviews are talking about, maybe they don't know how to use fountain pens? it's not the greatest pen ever but for such a low price it's a decent fountain pen that looks classy and writes nice. pretty good deal in my opinion.
Came as advertised haven't used them yet.
Good product . I would suggest loctite so it doesn't come apart. Also I work construction and some "puck style " locks and gang box lock are not accessible due to the width of the organizer( I used all the extensions about 2" wide). But other than that it's a great concept and product
haven't used the refills yet. Got this as an accompaniment to a tactical pen. Expect it perform nicely
Very cute and we'll made. The only downside I would say it has is with the stand. Everytime I move the legs out for it to stand up, it scrapes the bottom of the chalkboard (creating deep indentations) :(
So far I have had no issues with the ink.. I ordered the wrong ones at first and it is a bummer that it cost almost as much to send them back as they cost. I just kept them and chalk it up to a lesson learned.
Lovely book and has pages for everything we needed. We are not expecting masses of people and it is for a memorial service, not a religious ceremony. We took out several pages but it is a ring binder and this is very easy. We should have enough guest register pages, I hope. There are equivalent of 10 pages for guests to sign in on 22 lines each page, but if you are expecting more, there is no way without crossing out the top of other pages (would look tacky). There are no packs of extra pages to buy, so you would have to buy a whole second or third or more books and combine them. This would easily get 5 stars if they gave the ability to buy additional pages. Even checked other sites and this option isn't available--but cost was higher elsewhere as well. Overall, for us, this was perfect.
Good solid desk just wish there was more rom from the edge of the table to the metal frames so a monitor mount could be fastened more
Very cute book, but confusing.
Works fine with my tablet. Shows a pretty picture for the price.
I buy these every year. My ONLY complaint is that they do not go January to January, they are for 18 months, but they also never pick up where you left off! So there is always half a book not used. Very frustrating and I have not found any others that are formatted like these that do not follow this wasteful pattern!
My daughter's like these, ages 9-13 years old.
I love this in my office.
I love that I can write my lists on eat,cross out stuff as I go and then totally erase when i'm done.
Worked great. The stylist was a little hard to get out, but other than that, great product. Kept my kids busy.
I use a basic calculator daily. LIKES: Exactly the functions I like and none I do not require. Large display. 12 place display. Great pricing. DISLIKES: Very flimsy. Must really concentrate to get correct data entered. All around, a fine buy for the money.
A bit of a stupid design. Take a look at the picture. Positive upside, nice hard case, and very affordable price. But the inside doesn't maximize the space. Only 4 actual elastic spaces for four pens. My series of photos shows, using it at the designed capacity, with fountain pens of similar size, but without elastic to hold them your pens can get damaged. Final pictures show the pens in protective covering, giving a comfortable fit of 10 pens in the hard case. A good find, but could be designed better. Would spend an additional $5 for a better designed case.. Four stars.
half price of officemax, and Identical not a knock off
I got these for my son. His handwriting was awful (normal for adhd) when he used a pencil and he wrote so lightly, it hurt my eyes to try to read it. I didn't want the teachers getting frustrated and marking off for what they couldn't decipher. These are a perfect solution! He even does math with them! They erase completely. The only reason they don't get 5 stars is because they don't last long. It would be great if they could make the refills a little bigger.
I go through two pens a week at my job. I enjoy these pens but they can be a bit spotty when writing on certain types of paper. I usually adjust the angle of the pen and it resolves itself. However, not a 5 star review due to this flaw. Good purchase for the price.
Just what we needed.
Amazing customer service!!! Cute, repetitive story, but book came damaged. Amazon gave me a full refund.
The employee I worked with was very helpful and knowledgeable. My product replacement was prompt. will but insurance for all purchases on Amazon.
Super cute name tags! Kids ripped them up pretty quickly even though I affixed them with clear packing tape. Wish they were a little more heavy duty, but they are pretty much the standard quality for name tags.
These are great, but I used my dry erase board with my toddler and if she accidentally draws on something else these don't always come off the best. Other than that it's a nice set.
I am an occasional sewer, and these were great for replacing the dull blade in my Fiskars cutter.
Waiting for the package is worst part haha Just got it and it was the wrong one......not broke tho......
Two letters F and J poorly drawn.
Product is fine -- no problems.
This is exactly what I needed to store my stamp collection. I am not a serious collector, but appreciate the lovely stamps the U.S. Postal Service offers. These three-pocket sheet protectors helped me get these stamps organized.
So cute only wish there was a hole where the apple logo was. But I like everything else about it!
Loved it. It was just too big so i had to return it
Came on time and it is good. The pens could be better the tips easily go in.
Used this on my bed when I broke my leg. Worked well, but will make your computer hot if you leave it on for a long time.
This 30X loop is a good quality product. Goid glass, good metal body, good lighting system. I have no way if knowing if it's really 30X but it seems like it to me. There is distortion on the edges but that's to be expected. It's easy to use and works very well for examining the fine details of coins.
Small and comfortable to hold. Easy to manipulate
Received on time, no problems.
The weight and thickness of the product.. Wish it was lighter and or thinner, other wise it does its job.
Nice, but not as sticky as Avery, but hopefully sticky enough to go through USPS machines and arrive at destinations
Almost perfect. I find when I write, the pen will turn so the ink thingy goes in and disappears. I have to constantly twist it to make it stay. Also, the ink does that thing where it bunches up at the tip as you write so you occasionally have that ink blob in some of your letters. Other than that these are super great pens. I like the weight. They are easy to keep track of. I know instantly if one has been stolen from my desk and where it went (Greg!).
I ran our of the red one and needed to replace it. I went to Amazon to order and did not like the high price of the Epson ones and saw this one and bought it. So far I'm very happy. I shook it before putting it in the printer and it felt very full on ink, which is a good thing.
Solid product. Easy assembly. The only thing I don't like is the piece that mounts to the desk. It's solid metal and can scratch my desk. It was an easy issue to fix with some felt and glue. If they fixed this issue I would easily give five stars for the price.
Smaller than I anticipated but still super cute!!
It is definitely a lot longer than I expected, about 3inches hangs off the edge of my desk, but I'm fine with that. It is pretty thin, but a nice material. Only 4 stars because the image is not as sharp as it could be since the material is slightly stretched out (the edge stitching isn't stretched so it's more vibrant), and there is a decently strong chemical/rubber smell to it which hopefully will go away after wiping down with soap and a light hand washing.
I use it for laminating D&D handouts and player sheets. You can use dry-erase markers on the finished laminates, so useful for creating things like reusable crossword puzzles, task lists, etc. Downsides: Takes a while to heat up, unforgiving of carelessly-aligned inserts, occasionally the 'ready' light doesn't come on despite the laminator actually being ready for use.
Since my husband is the one who is dragging groceries up and down stairs (we have stairs going down into our apartment building, and then more steps going up to our apartment!), I asked him to review this grocery cart. He loves it! He says pulling the cart up the stairs is SO much easier now. He does, however, have one complaint, which is why I did not give it 5 stars. The front wheels do not swivel, so turning corners is a bit difficult. But all in all, its 100% better than our old cart without the great back wheels. I did take a video, but it doesn't really show how easy it is to pull it up stairs, so I am not attaching it. Sorry.
Exactly as described. The star missing is for not being clear that the envelope is gummed for sealing, however, it still needs to be moistened to seal. Otherwise, its all great!
Exactly what I ordered and expected . Easy purchase. Fast delivery
Good product. No issues with this product so far.
It is a beautiful pen...no idea how it works because it didn't come with any ink...FYI order ink when you order this pen if you would like to use it. Who sends a pen with no ink? Now that I have ink, it is a well writing pen...good quality.
i like this clipboard. it's not bulky and it's light. i bought the brown one and what you see in the picture is what exactly you get. i dont think its brown, it's more of like a maroon color.
The product is good Printing quality excellent I just wish the ink last longer due to the amount of printing that I do daily
Fragile was not included in my package . And the one I needed the most .
I like the over the door hooks but since they are made to fit all different thicknesses of doors, they shift when you open the door. By doing that, they knock against the door -- which in my case, is a mirror. I like the hooks - don't want to return them - but I need to figure out how to protect my mirror.
I am a working mom and I don't always have the chance to see my son before he goes to school. I love these notes - he knows that I am thinking about him even when I don't get to see him! The cards are darling and well made.
I have thousands of slides I want to print, email and post on Facebook and is the easiest way to do it.
Cards are a great price for the quantity. The only problem I had, the envelopes had dull dots on the inside flap. The photo looks more like vibrant almost glitter like design, the envelopes I received were dull in color. Other than that, just as listed.
I really like the looks of this. It's just the dates with spaces to write so no wasted space with big pictures or anything. Wish date spaces were a little larger though. Still functional though.
Very nice mat, but it takes some time to become completely flat.
Checks arrived in the mail in the specified time. They appear as they were represented on Amazon. I'm pleased with the duplicate copies. Make sure your banking account numbers are accurate or you'll have to replace and start a new order.
Overall the pad is really nice. Longterm I dont see anything going wrong with it as long as it isnt exposed to elements such as children or dogs. The only thing I dont like is that because it is shipped rolled up in a tube like fashion the edges are wavy like a bacon strip. Any course of action to try and correct these areas only make it worse. I would have liked more if it was shipped like a painting instead of a map. If over time the desk pad settles and lays flat I will update but I dont see that being the case
I wish this cart was larger.
The case is great, but the looked more like blue-green which I expected, but I still like it.
Needed a few in a rush. A little pricey. A little more research and you can get more openers for around the same price.
Quality sleeves and decent price! I have bought twice now and will do again.
Love the way this looks and the magnetic closure is convenient. Occasionally catches my hair behind my neck but other than that, no issues!
Product is exactly how its described. Nice feel, nice weight perfect size...
Great pens but they start to fail before the ink has run out completely
Good item. Corners were barely bent when it arrived. The bend isn't effecting how well it stays on the fridge. Works perfectly. The only thing that would've made this better is if there was a 6th week on the calendar.
It's ok. A little complicated to set up
This is a great cart! It's kind of short. I wish they would have other options..like taller. Do they!? Because that'd be great. Regardless, it was very easy to put together.
I've only used them for a few weeks but they seem okay. They are not as thick as other bands I have or as tight but seem to hold my books in place well enough.
Nicely made. If you fill to the max, then cards a bit tough to get out of holder. Recommend leaving some room to maneuver cards.
Because it's polycarbonate and not vinyl, it is thinner and DOES NOT gas off with a horrible PVC stink (I brought home, initially, a PVC mat and had to put it in the hallway, before returning. I thought the gas would kill my cats!). Very hard and sturdy. Chair easily rolls and no scratches or scuff marks appear on the mat. The ONLY reason I didn't give Five Stars is because it was packaged flat--which is a bad idea. Like the video, it SHOULD BE packaged rolled up. I ended up having to roll it up and borrow tape to get it in my car. Now that it's been in use for a few months, great product!
Sturdy, handsome bamboo box suited for items under 2" tall. Just a slight misaligned cut to one side of a drawer.
I chose this one because the reviews said it shipped flat, in a large box! However, mine came rolled up. The material is sturdy and soft so far but it will take some time to flatten out. As of right now, it moves when I place my laptop on my desk. The only reason why i would pay $26 vs $15 from other competitors was because people said it came flat, but mine did not.
The markers are not always the best but otherwise the quality of the boards are fantastic! I'm a supervisor at a call center and I bought these for my team so we can follow privacy rules and erase things quickly.
I bought these for my shoebox gifts. They are pretty sturdy for the price and should last for the children for a while.
I ordered two. I love mine, but my husband is a heavy man and thinks they are too pliable. So for a light weight they are great.
I like the multiple colors and sizes. This allows me to color coordinate items so that I can recognize them more easily.
Plenty of room to write. Back pocket has lots of space to put stuff. Only dislike is that the post-it insert falls out easily.
Gift so not sure how it worked out
Second projector ordered from amazon that had a black spot toward the middle of the screen. Last one wasn't this bad. And it was 100 dollars less. I thought spending the money on this would leave me with no issues. I love the projector. Sound is very loud. But may have to return to get one without a black blob in the screen.
Affordable and good quality. A bit thin for formal invitations but really that was my fault for not reading the description carefully. Good purchase overall.
I just received and installed the printer. Had no issues and printing is just as good as it was with OEM toners.
I ordered two of these at the same time. One came in 12" wide and the other came in correct at 24" wide. We are moving NOW. I don't have time to reorder. So if time is critical, I would not order from this company.
This item came damage, I returned them but have not gotten my credit!
My board initially came cracked but the seller was very helpful in resolving my issue. He immediately asked for a picture and then sent out a replacement which just arrived today. The new board looks good. Only reason I'm leaving 4 stars is because of the initial broken board, but great customer service and great board overall
AS EXPECTED. THANK YOU
Love them, but the volume is low. I can't hear them without speaker phone.
Order received quickly as promised. Working fine so far - have only had it in a month or so but no problems
It's a bit lightweight, but its a great, funny gift.
I thought this was a good deal but the problem is they don't seem to stick very well. But it could be the paper I'm using (coloring book style). The tabs are strong and sturdy. They don't seem to stick very well when re-used which is disappointing. But they are fine for one-time use. Still not bad for the price.
Product is exactly as advertised.
They get a four because they're really just some cheap plastic boxes. But... I don't go lower than a four because even though they're just cheap boxes, after months now they're holding up to abuse by several toddler children. We use them to store markers, crayons and other drawing stuff. They've been beat on pretty good and I've been kind of surprised the hinges or closures haven't broken. But they haven't. Will probably get more for the ever growing piles of stuff.
Cool pen. Looks nice. Don't really like locking button. It does write at any angle like other space pens. This feature comes in very handy.
I purchased this desk for my studio and glad I did. It's very sturdy with lots of table space for the majority of my gear...
I little to thin for a couple of doors in our horse stable. We ended up double stacking. We did make shift for use
I like that it is very compact. It did seem bulky at first but once I got used to it very convenient. Now my keys are organized. Very pleased
I just wish the black ink lasted longer. It would be nice to have ink refills with them, for the most used color.
Good quality, arrived quickly and as described.
This tape worked so well that I had actually forgotten it wasn't the top name brand!
This product was exactly what I needed however, I do feel that it could be more magnetized... the markers, too. They barely stick to my fridge and I frequently find them resting on the icemaker component. I think if I didn't have an icemaker component I would find them on the floor.
They came early. They match my theme for my SUV. They're smaller than I expected, especially for the price. But I still love them!
Brought it yes ago and still using it. Though it is kind of flimsy and fragile (dents and bends really easy)
this was for my granddaughter I've heard no bad new.
Easy to install, setting it takes a little more time. Good and sturdy, and I feel safe having it outside because of the sturdiness.
I do like it but I wish the clip was more Durable
I had a bible case like this when i was younger and liked it. I wanted one for my study bible, so i bought this one. it is almost identical to the case i used to have except the handle is different, the one on my old case was flat and felt good to hold, this case has a rounded fabric handle that does not feel good in the hand at all. I think somewhere along the line they cheeped out and in order to save a very small amount of fabric they changed the design.
Good tape for packaging. I used it for applying countertop edging and discovered that the adhesive does NOT come off very easily if you shoud need to remove it.
I'm in the process of a move, and had left my Windsor and Newton watercolors at the new house in another state. I didn't want to invest a lot of money for a new set but I was eager to paint while waiting for our old house to sell. I read some good reviews on Amazon and felt this would be an adequate temporary set of tube colors. However, I am impressed by the intensity of color and how true they are to their color named. I don't know how lightfast they are, but I'm delighted with the quality so far. Maybe they won't be just my temporary, backup paints. If they holdup in the sun light, then these paints will deserve 5 stars. Time will tell.
I own a very obsolete HP Desk Jet, which has served me well and was given to me by my late mother, so it has sentimental value. Thanks to Amazon I can still get the ink cartridges, but it is a pity that they are now so expensive.
Only printed a few pages so far very good. The print seems to be a little lighter but can adjust printer setting. Always wonder why they don't ask for reviews after 6+ months as time will time. The price was good fast service would recommend the ink.
I bought this after reading many reviews on different projectors, and thought the price was decent on the TENKER. We've got a spare room that is about 3 meters from the back wall to the other side, and I projected the image on the white wall. This produced a picture that was a little under 2 by 3 meters in size, almost covering the whole wall. With heavy curtains the room got pretty dark, and the image quality was good. Text was readable as well. This is not a projector for lit rooms, its lamp is too weak in that regard. On the plus side, I connected my ChromeCast to the HDMI-port and powered it from the built in USB-port, and that way it is very easy to set up - just one power cord and the rest is wireless. I connected my JBL Xtreme bluetooth-speaker using a mini-jack cable, and this made the movie experience really good, even though the built in speaker is good enough. I watched an action movie and was immersed in the action with the huge picture and good sound quality from the JBL. I also played some Minecraft with my daughter through our old Playstation 3, and this was just as enjoyable as film. If you are sitting in a quiet room the fan is pretty noisy, but when the movie is on it is less noticeable. I would recommend sitting at a distance from the unit itself though, if you can. All in all, very satisfied with the purchase. For the price it is good, and it suits my needs perfectly as a portable device that is easy to use, quick to set up and small enough to put in a bag or backpack. Living in Europe with 220V outlet it is also good to know that the projector handles both 110 and 220 V, I just swapped out the supplied cable that has US-plug with a european plug I had laying around, no worries there.
I haven't used this on any assignments yet, but after testing it, this is such a great idea. All of my friends were wowed when I showed them this in Pre-calc. The only issue I've had with it is that it tends to bored through even regular printer papers, even when pressing lightly. Even then, I have had a great time using this so far and I can't wait to bust it out when we start a graphing unit.
I was impressed by the amount of letters included and all the different characters as well. The only downside was a little baggie included which held a small amount of letters. Besides that I'm looking forward to using throughout my pregnancy.
I was looking for some holiday themed mailers to use to ship out some gifts this holiday season and I came across these. I decided to purchase and I am glad I did because these are so cute in person. And it's a bonus that they are lined with bubble wrap to give more protection. The price is also very reasonable. I would purchase these again.
Simply adorable for your ID
So i am not in love with it but i like it! i just needed it asap! it looks more beige than white!
Good quality voip service at an outstanding price. Magicjack does not show the name of the caller in the caller id. They don't have the option to have that kind of service.
installed and worked at once. A week later unit stopped working--not a fault of the cartridge.
First, the product is warped/bent, so it doesnt lay flat and rocks from side to side. It is the welded part so it cant really be bent, without causing damage. On the plus side, it was very easy to put together, it seems to be very sturdy.
too expensive for what you get
It has been serving its purpose ever since. The number of walk-in customers has significantly improved since this was installed.
Great for changing station
Fits well in small space.
I used these to write my students' names on their desks instead of using paper name plates that they pick at. Love them! They do eventually rub off but not quickly.
Very cute but the stick was a very strange pale yellow. So I painted it and now it looks great!
The only thing I didn't like about it is it's lighter weight so it would show a bit of what's underneath it unlike the other ones that totally covers whatever you stick them on.. I forgot what it's called it wasn't clear in the listing but after all it's a good price for such a quantity
good binder. we've bought these before, my High School son likes them
Good layout, just what I need. Bookmark may not last very long, we'll see.
Was easy to put on wall. Able to wash the chalk off with water and a paper towel!
Does the job; can be messy
Super cute and small and blendable but the color part sometimes pops off when you try to take the pin out. But you get a tons and good variety of colors for the price.
My sisters loved them
Had an issue with the first set, seller quickly agreed to send another set, which is working perfectly!! If you have an issue, ask for help! Works great now.
It came on time but when I open the package the box with the pens was open with the pens falling out. The box was damaged. I will not give out low stars because I did get what I wanted and the items weren't damaged.
perfect! will deff reorder
I like that these are double sided so I can have thicker or thinner highlights, but I think they're just “okay”. They work and are a nice range of colors, but I personally prefer the sharpie highlighters over these.
You know the quality when you buy Avery and I was not disappointed.
I bought it for a friend. It fits nice but a little tighter around the wrists which is good since its used for drawing. Very useful for tablets and left hand-ers for drawing. Doesn't work too reliably for touchscreen interfaces like Ipads if its too tight on the hands, so try to get a slightly larger size than your hand to ensure it doesn't stretch too thin.
The card was very nice, I wouldn't normally order a card online but it was way easier than going through a million cards at a store.
So far it works great and quite a savings
Exactly what I wanted
Paper weight is a little too heavy, good quality prints nice, but it feels like 3 papers put together.
They are easy and comfortable to write with but doesn't erase well.
i use it for calculus homework. it's good for the online homework. i work out the math then enter the answer online and erase after submitting the answer and reviewing if necessary.
The instructions were not helpful at all. You would think at least the template would be to scale, it was about 3 inches too wide, I had to break out my tape measure (should not have needed it wen they include a template). Once installed, the tray is sturdy and comfortable. However, the mouse tray is a little on the weak side, don't want to rest my hand there for fear of breaking it.
Appearance: It looks quite streamlined, though the color is fairly unique so it stands out. The pen sections fit together quite snugly and the smooth grip provides some good traction despite its smoothness. The logo is only in one location so it's not gaudy. The overall shape is different from my other fountain pens insomuch as both the cap and body are quite similar rather than the cap being markedly different. Function: It writes very consistently and it's weight allows it to be used for longer periods of time. I've also not had any skips or similar issues. The only minor negative thing I have to say is that it's scratchier on cheaper paper (e.g. run of the mill printer type) than the other fountain pens I have at this price point. On decent quality paper, it writes quite smoothly. The cap posts well while not added that much additional weight as to throw off the writing experience. It also still yields a satisfying "click" when protecting the nib. I used it every day at work before acquiring more pens and colors, though I am working it back into my weekly rotation. Accessories: The converter is a bladder type which is atypical at this price point. I've not had any issues with it leaking or anything. Its inclusion with the purchase of the pen is nice. Conclusion: This is a great starter fountain pen suitable for everyday writing that even allows you to conveniently expand upon your ink choices from the outset.
They are nice, but small. Works well on hard floors (vinyl or wood). But when I placed one on carpet, it disappeared. It gets drawn down into the carpet pile - into the shag.
Difficult to find letters that fit to make all words
The letter board is amazing! I absolutely love that it's double sided. My only issue was removing the letters when opening the package, I had a few that broke, even while using scissors. Also wish it came with more than one pouch to separate letters better. Overall great product, would definitely buy again.
This is a very nice desk. Lots of hardware so it takes time to put together. You will need a drill. The only thing I don't like is how it was packaged. There is a million little tiny pieces of white styrofoam covering everything. It is very brittle and easily falls apart when taking out the desk pieces. It goes everywhere so have your vacuum ready. Great desk just some mess.
Great value. I am happy with this purchase.
Not bad for the price.
It works just fine. I'm very satisfied. I set it up with labels and it works really well to sort for alphabetical filing. It could have included with adhesive backed alphabet letters. I used my labeling machine for the letters.
Even not HP OEM, but works as same as OEM. Please buy it!
Easy to install. Make sure that the magnets that they recommend with order are not too small. Order bigger ones(dime size). I ended up tossing the mini ones. Magnets go behind glass and on top of glass to hold things/papers up. Not just the one magnet. Decent product though.
Bigger than expected. Lots if plastic
They write very well and the color is very vibrant. I just found it interesting that they were all individually packages.
A little small for my taste (I have very large hands) but excellent quality.
Nice product! That's what I need to organize some stuff in my house.
Brother still my favorite printer for our home office. Basic, easy to use.
while the adhesive is not the best, i just use double sided or rolling tape and they're great! beautiful quality, and not thin at all. love love love them. definitely worth it. as an avid note taker, they're amazing! bring a little art and happiness to the page
I purchased this product for a disabled relative who can not grasp a cell phone and the wires from a regular phone got hung up in the wheelchair. This has worked well so far and the sound is very clear. This is a great item for the price as I did not want to spend a lot because I know it will likely be dropped.
The pens are awesome and vibrant but do smudge a bit if you don't wait for it to dry
It was cheaper than the regular Brother drums but I don't think it lasted as long.
Great prints at a fraction of the Canon Price!
It's smaller than I expected but does a good job of holding our homeschooling supplies. We can fit 2 notebooks in each of the large pockets and various other supplies in the other pockets.
It is ok. But it does take a bit to get used to.
Great deal as I am half way through the year and only need 6 months of future planning capability. Love the set up and ease to see dates and record.
Love the look of the standup adjustable desktop but, it has a hard time adjusting from standup to desk height. It does transition easily from desktop to standup.
This is a big fat pen with a big nib, but writes well. For under 4 dollars, this is actually much better than other pens I've paid more for. Too broad for my small notebooks, but good to have as a reliable option. If you want to try out fountain pens and are patient for delivery, this is a nice starting point.
Don't let the picture device you. This is classic glow in the dark sticker type tape. It only gets so bright.
I bought these because they were so much less $$ than the epson brand printer ink. It was a real pain in the a$$ to get set up because there were blank lines put into all forms I printed. I cleaned and aligned the heads of my printer at least 15 times before a page was acceptable (this wasted ink), but now pages seem to be printing perfectly. I dont use my printer much but when i do i expect it to work! I hope this will hold up; seems to but was frustrating setting up
Goes together and assembles easily in 20 minutes or so. The item is as portrayed. The drawers will not take a lot of weight, but for lighter weight storage in a closet it will work just fine.
Great phone. But the lock feature has not worked at all.
Work great but ink doesn't last long at all
As advertised at a reasonable price. In store more than double the price. Heavy Duty is subject to conditions. Good for in office storage. Would not recommend for field conditions. Still searching for a field solution mb
Love keeping this on the counter to jot down notes or grocery lists and then popping it in my purse on the go.
It's a calculator that definitely has all the functions I need. Only downside is that you have to enter in keys slowly or an input could get skipped
Write and wipe off great. Good vivid colors.
To complete the claims process, I had to submit online or repeat by telephone the same bits of information several times. So I found it cumbersome and somewhat irritating, but the claim was resolved satisfactorily. The warrantied item is no longer being sold new (I bought it over two years ago), so rather than repairing/replacing the item, they are sending a cash payment of the purchase price reduced by about 10% because the warranty has passed the two-year mark. I'm not sure whether that reduction applies to all SquareTrade warranties, or my particular warranty, which was on a printer. I'm glad I had the warranty. I can apply the cash payment toward another printer.
I liked them, I should've gotten them a little bit bigger
My only issue is that the wrist pad for the mouse is thicker than I would prefer and it makes it uncomfortable to use. The keyboard portion is great.
Great quality. Fixed our printing quality issue for color prints, just a bit expensive. With the non-OEM toners would work as well.
Finger skateboard really fun to use.Although the grip tape is a bit strange,i'm found it great to use just on the wood alone.It definitely handles more like a real skateboard.
Was as described. Works well .Would purchase again.
Have you ever had too much cash for your pockets? Ever thought "If I only had some way to carry a few grand around..."? If so, I hope a hooker spits in your mouth! Otherwise, it's a bank bag that performs exactly like a bank bag! I didnt give the 5th star because let's be honest, it's a bank bag...
new flat screens do not throw a lot of side-scatter light, so when I type at night or early morning with the lights off to avoid bothering anyone in the house, I have trouble getting off of the home-row and typing gibberish. I got the LEDs to illuminate my keyboard. This LED is very helpful for this, and is moderately priced. It is brighter than I expected, and the only draw back is that I can now see the dirt on my keyboard and dust on my desktop when I work.
This has helped support my back on long drives a lot! My only wish is that was it was a little bit firmer. Still a great product & would highly recommend.
I would have given this shredder 5 stars - except it's terribly noisy. Way louder than my old shredder. It does shred fast though - and I've had no paper jams or problems yet.
Use this on my tattoo machine for a softer grip and way easier to clean! It can be a bit to adhesive is only problem and hard to find the end but it works good overall and I would buy it again!
Very comfortable. Adjusts well but the pieces that attach to the desk are not adjustable so it doesn't fit the best and shifts around sometimes but it's really not a problem
fits its purpose and worked as good or better than what was purchased the last time.
Worked well with my printer
Great monitor stand but a bit tricky to put together without splitting the wood. Wish they had made the holes a little bigger.
The only thing I disliked about the product is the description says comes in a reusable plastic case with carry handle and reclosable case. The product is in a cardboard box with a display handle. The colors are nice, very vibrant and easily controlled. The different shades make working a piece quite interesting and fun. I just wish that the description had been accurate.
Received 11 items instead of 12.
Nice size. They cool too quick to mix colors.
Great pen, ordering was a little misleading. I would have sworn that I order the brown bamboo pen but got the black one. So just make to check price and color before ordering
I have actually squeezed a 30" tv on this stand and removed the screw mount. I got some pretty large self tapping screws that fit in the pre-existing holes and screwed it into our workbench to sturdy it up. I'm also using the arm as a wire guide for a cnc machine that centers over a router and holds a power cable, air supply, and control cable and its doing well.
The ONLY ISSUE I have is every-time I have purchased a quantity of Lam pouches they come with a carrier.. This does not.. I had to go to Staples and purchase a large HD sheet of poster board and make one.. No big deal but Staples is 25 miles away.. Other than that I would give it all 5 stars
I like that it came with the monthly and weekly boards. The markers have erasers on the tips but the product also come with a small spray bottle and eraser to have as well. Erasing is easy and doesn't leave behind marks as long as you pay attention to the suggested markers to use. I would recommend this product. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because because the markers that are shipped with it write very light, except for the black one.
I love the designs. Everything is just perfect except for the white marker which didn't work that well since its ink happened to be transparent
Have no complaints, yet....worked fine and was much easier to separate then a lot of more expensive transfers.
A little flimsy, but very cute and useful.
I was hoping to find the longer cartridges so the fountain pen ink will last longer.
Had problems connecting to my new Dell computer that Dell was unable to resolve. HP tech person stayed with me for 2+ hours to get me connected.
Four photos is about all you can get out of one of these. Could HP have programmed their printers to lie about how much ink is remaining? Nah, HP wouldn't do that, would they. HP could cut the price in half and still make a ton of money off these. And it is a five cartridge printer but HP does not bundle the ink cartridges that way; you have to order 3 separate items to get the 5 cartridges - black, photo black, and the 3 color cartridges. It's almost cheaper to buy a new printer when you need ink.
The only problem with this product is that if you rip any of the individual pockets on the calendar they are almost impossible to repair.
It's okay for the price. If you touch metal parts with your hands it leaves very ugly smudges that are hard to clean. Assembly instructions were pretty good.
This product was delivered quickly. It was easy to install and is an exact replacement for the brand name. It may cause you printer to give an error message but is easily cleared. Works great will buy again and again.
Paper is a paper. All I can say is that - it's fast shipping!!!
I use this as both a laptop and also a food tray. It works well for both purposes. It is made in China, so my expectations were low. However, I found this was of surprisingly good workmanship with a smooth surface, tight seams and solid construction. Three things could be improved upon: 1. The legs lock open but they don't lock closed. So when you pick up the tray the legs can fall open. 2. The small drawer tends to easily slide open whenever the tray is tilted towards that end and thing can fall out. 3. Adjusting the leg height requires loosening and tightening four plastic nuts. So if you need to make frequent adjustments it can be time consuming. Nevertheless, I still would recommend.
Easy to use and the adhesive to paper is quite strong. Great for photo magnets.
so difficulty to change attachments
Just what I wanted. Fits on my desk perfectly.
Works great with Linux although scan to computer was a pain to set up. Other than that, no problems. Have Win 10 machines printing to it as well. Speedy.
was looking to organize the office and this one holds lots of folder. Nice and sturdy
It works, came slightly scuffed, no biggy.
I ordered this to attach to my frig to post calendar and other such things on -- it was WAY TOO HEAVY!!!! Must weight five or so pounds! That's okay for some uses, just not mine. It appears to be a good quality cork board. Just be aware that it is also very heavy.
Worth the money. Even though it's small, you have to be careful about the amount of pages your writing in letter to a person. So just be careful. But it's also good if your just writing a letter to yourself or to your love one on a personal side.
I like the product very much but, having been spoiled by another brand with much sturdier cards, it's a bit of a let down. Nevertheless, they will be put to good use. They are a fine product, just different than anticipated. Good price.
Works well, nice for a small space.
Works well at a fraction of the cost of Canon brand. You will notice extra ink on prints signaling when it's time to change the toner. But, even with a shortened life, it's still the less expensive way to go.
I do like that these are erasable gel pens, but I was disappointed in the color. The color seems washed out, just not as saturated as I like.
The paper in the top team was destroyed!
Product is great for the price and well designed. Just have to be careful following directions and installing it as you might make a mistake or 2!! But otherwise I like product.
You can buy ink specially branded for Canon, HP, Epson, etc., or you can buy the remanufactured inks from LD Products. I have been buying them for about 18 months and will continue to do so. They come with a lifetime guarantee and I have never had an issue with them.
LOOK VERY NICE, HAVE NOT OPEN PACKAGE YET
This felt board comes with a lot of letters and three different colors. Supposedly the green glow in the dark too but it's not very bright, but the colors are nice for some added pop to the sign. The board itself is nice and sturdy. The letters are easy to put in and take out. It also comes with a scissor for you to cut the letters out. Comes with 2 canvas bags and a stand. The stand is ok. I can't manage to lock the legs in place so if placed on a really smooth surface it wouldn't stay. Otherwise, this is a nice board for all sorts of announcements.
Everything was great until it read: Made in China. How could our POTUS' voice be made in China???
Cordless phones on other outlets thru the house disconnect after about 30-45 seconds.
They just slide off the fridge when you put any real weight on them, gonna try to find a way to stop them, not quite sure.
Device was mailed quickly and arrived promptly. I struggled to interpret the instructions...they were not very detailed. I finally watched a YouTube video and was able to get my device working.
Good but smudges easily. I tried drawings that included shading and messed up my drawings.the unfinished head is the back of the book where you can see the cover is missing. You really do get what you pay for.
Fine product. Managed to confuse the shipping options.
I have a very heavy wooden door that would not stay open and this door stopper works like a charm. I'm using it on a wooden floor as well and it does not slip. I subtracted a star because there was a very strong chemical smell when I first unwrapped it that last about a week.
These are great I just wish the slots were either larger to accommodate larger markers or stitched less tightly together. Bought two and it holds all of my artist markers, pencils gel pens and more
I really appreciate the functionality of the stand and the reduction of strain on my neck. With that being said, I wish the stand was adjustable so I can bring my monitor about a half inch down from where it is. I know that sounds a bit nit-picky, but it is what it is. I also wished there were some cable holders perhaps on the side to hold a charging cable or a USB extension cable for data transfers.
Pros: Cheap, relative easy of assembly, range of motion is good, clamp works, enough spare parts to fit many different needs. Cons: cannot independently adjust height of monitors, clamp seems to be a bit small so the whole stand tips forward, awkward and heavy to maneuver by yourself, finely adjusting the position of the side monitors is difficult without affecting the other monitors, requires Allen keys (included) to tighten joints. This is my first experience with any 3rd party monitor stand, so maybe my experience is just how they all are. But I would 100% recommend getting a friend to help install it, get some vertical adjustment mounts if your monitors are different, and keep the Allen keys close by in case the hinges become loose. I'm happy I bought it, but I wish I would have gotten a nicer one.
Instead of arriving as a single package, individual packages were shipped. The Cyan and Magenta indicated about 2/3 and 3/4 full after loading. The yellow indicated completely full. I don't know if it is a printer problem or if the ink supplied is not the same, but if they were all XL I would think the levels should indicate the same. Since the ink and the printer are both Canon I would think that Canon is a fault.
The table is perfect. It was a lot larger than what I expected but my daughter loves it!
Works well, but the ringer could have been a little louder.
Setup and installation was easy of course being an IT person. Only issue so far out of 30 employees 2 have issues with the finger print reader followed the recommendations but does not work. Like the fact that it snaps a picture if the finger print reader fails. Great product could have a lot more functions the reports are great.
I really liked this case. I over stuffed the wallet and the super split and I was never able to get it back.
Very nice. Not sure how long they last. May work better for smaller paintings or work. Great for detail work. I have both watercolors and acrylics from this company. Vibrant colors. These not intended for large pieces of work except detailing. They won't last for large pieces of work.
One of the small round, black plastic pieces was broken off of the bottom of the frame legs upon unpacking. Since it was broken completely, I can't screw it back on. The frame still functions fine, although if it would have been one of the outer pieces, the frame would probably wobble more, this was one of the inner 2 pieces.
It is a good product except the side thing to keep in pocket broke
Since my eyes aren't the greatest I use visual clues to keep my frustration level down; so never having to open these rings seems like the best way to use them. I purchased them to quickly spot the slim leg pants in my closet since I have other pants near them from the same company in like colors and fabrics. Slipped over the necks of Whitmor Sure-Grip Plastic Pants Hangers their gleam from the adjacent closet lights makes them stand out. Opening and closing them without having two pairs of pliers on hand though, wouldn't be wise.
We hoped this would help cut the knots out of our dogs fur. It does not work as well for that application but it makes for a good letter opener.
Only came with minor scratches, but this agenda is so cute that I don't care! I live for reading the quotes of wisdom each week!
I've had this portfolio/padfolio for about 3 weeks now. In that time it seems to be holding up pretty well. There are plenty of pockets for folders and other items. The zippered pocket is great for items that need to be secured and there are plenty of pen holders (3 total). The only complaint I have is the pens held on the left side of the portfolio dig into the legal pad when its closed. Not a big deal, but at least one page on my legal pad is not usable when I open it up. This could be easily remedied on my part, just haven't figured out how to do so yet. Overall though, great product.
This product is easy to assemble and it has a very nice aesthetic look to it. What I don't like is how the USB Port dock gets easily pushed out because the clips aren't strong enough. As for the other reviews regarding how USB ports don't work, they actually do work. I simply had to go to computer > device manager > locate the usb ( "generic usb hub") > uninstall > and plugged it back in (reinstalling it). If you have more than one "generic usb hub" you can double click and check the event tab, which will indicate your newest device.
Looks exactly like the picture! My towels don't stay on as well as I'd like, but I'm not complaining. You can adjust the towel to stay on better, or I think I'll add a non slip element so they don't fall off. They are really nice looking and bring a nice wood element to my bathroom. I will probably add some to my room as well. My only other complaint is that when putting them into the wall they rubbed the paint a bit because you have to "screw" the actual wood part on and it rubs a bit. But with a little touching up you barely notice. Super satisfied with this product overall!
Pretty cool key organizer. It makes carrying my keys easier. It's less bulky than my other key ring. I really like how it comes with an extender to add more keys.
Heavy duty very nice. All metal. Only wish they were keyed alike .
I am giving this golf pen set as a gift to mu 5 years old brother whom I haven't met before. So O wanted something unique and special for him. So I think that this golf set pen is not only good for him now but would be good for a long term. This set is can be rally fun while studying and playing as well while being bored. I would say that It's of quality material and good to play with this one.
Works well on both black and colored pencil; perfect for a grade-schooler with mild obsessive tendencies, and for someone who's occasionally ashamed of what they underlined last time they read the book.
Not all edges fit well but I was able to keep them work. It serves the purpose...organizing my desk.
I like the idea of this planner. I like that it has room for envelopes and you have several slots for cards. It also has a pocket for change. I didn't like that the zipper for the change pocket seemed to be broken, once you move the zipper back and forth it's fine. I'm not too crazy about the material it's kind of rough. It is a good planner for the price. The planner includes envelopes and a tracker that are pre-punched which I loved!
These labels worked well for my annual Christmas CD. Peeled off the sheet without problems. Used Memorex label unit to apply to CD.
Product never arrived. However, was reimbursed.
These are very nice. The pockets aren't quite deep enough...my folders and items don't stay straight as well as the picture shows
I absolutely love this product. It was exactly what was specified in the ad and works flawlessly upon arrival. HOWEVER amazon says if you are a Prime member you will get 2 day shipping on prime listed merchandise, this has not been true for me, they take my money for my prime membership but then I have to wait EXTRA days for delivery not just on this order but on 5 so far now AMAZON IS RIPPING PEOPLE OFF! I ordered an instant download Item and was made to wait 6 days before I was allowed to complain.
I love this keyholder! It's well made and easy to use. It is much easier than traditional keyrings with your keys dangling everywhere. It also has slots and parts for plenty of keys! More than I need. 4 stars because my compass isn't accurate. That isn't a big deal for me but thought it was worth mentioning in case that's the reason for your purchase.
This has been perfect for keeping my life organized, and everything in its place. I can plan out my weeks and months, keep track of receipts and make the envelope budget method work even better
I hang vintage Asian textiles over doorways and windows. One new window is framed in Hardie Plank and I could not get push pins to stick in, which is what I'm able to use at the doors and windows with original wood framing. I bought this Velcro strip and it worked fairly well. The sticky side stuck to the window frame perfectly. However, although the sticky side seemed to stick to the textile, and I mounted it on the window frame, it fell down. I thought at first my cat had pulled it down but I discovered that the glue did not hold onto the fabric. I sewed it to the fabric, using light weight thread and long stitches. It has held up now for several days so I think the problem is solved. This package was more than enough for the project and I will save the remainder.
Put in back to school bags for clients
These are pretty good gel pens. I'm a little disappointed because I wanted them for my Rocketbook and they skip pretty bad on Rocketbook paper. They're totally erasable which is nice and as advertised. But based on other reviewers I thought they would be more Rocketbook compatible and they're just Ok. I'll be using them on regular paper anyway. The colors are pretty nice in a good variety.
Plenty of room on each day to write in appointments
This is a great product for organizing all of the school papers, mail and overall clutter that happens. My only complaint is the color. It's definitely a robins egg blue.
Sizes slightly different than the ones I bought in store, but still does the job perfectly.
I seem to be alway running out of rubber bands. Now I don't have that problem. They are delightfully strong and I've got lots now!!
Good for clumsy fingers.
The inside of this case has room for maybe 5 writing instruments. I use a wide variety of stuff and there's no way this bag is big enough. Also the inside has a soft-touch material/flannel (?) that catches on my skin and it's so uncomfortable. Not the product for me. Maybe if you just need some super small thing to carry around a quick compliment of pens, this would work for you. But if you're carrying anything more than that, there's no way you're gonna shove enough pens in here to be worth it. I repurposed it as a medical supply pouch and it works pretty well. I mean, to it's credit, it's light, thin, the zipper works well, and the pockets are useful. But I had to use it as something other than it's inteded use, and buy another thing to remedy that, so I'm taking off a star for that.
I loved these mailers. They worked great for sending flash drives to our customers. The labels I purchased adhere well to the front and the product arrived safely. I liked the red color and was able to let our customers know to look for the red envelope in the mail.
...reliable. Try them. I will buy them again.
This is a great purchase for the price. Works great, speed is great and i appreciate that it comes with the extra blade replacement pieces. My only complaint is that it does not come with a plug for the USB cord, thought that was odd. But considering the savings, compared to $15 for most electric sharpeners and the fact that most items we have use USB cords, we are fully stocked. That was the only reason for 4 out of 5 stars
Can't beat the price. This is a large, heavy pen. I like heavy fountain pens though.
The product was as described and nothing more, I was a little dispointed in the thickness of the map itself. When putting a pin in if it moves or get bent over it will tear the map quite easily. I would have likes it to have a bit more detail in the different countries so that you can mark off just the places you've been but that may require the map to be bigger and they may offer this in another product I'm not sure. Otherwise it's a good product for the price. Would recommend and possibly buy again.
Overall a great printer/scanner. Very easy to install - had it up and running in a matter of minutes. My biggest complaint is that there's no pull out 'shelf' (for lack of better word) for paper to sit on when you manual feed. So the paper either hangs down or you have to hold it until it begins to print. This leads to the paper not always feeding in straight so sometimes the print is crooked. The other issue (which I didn't read for when buying) is it scans one sided only. I'm so used to scanners doing double side I didn't think to look for this feature. But overall nice printer.
I never knew that something as simple as an LED sign could drive this many people in the store. I was almost losing the business game until I decided to buy new things for my establishment, and this was one of them. To be honest, this is my favorite among everything. The lights are bright, and it shows our operating hours each day.
I expected thicker quality
sticks to the wall but its a little too expensive..since i need more than 10pcs
Ok for the price. Nothing fancy but does the job.
Works as it should. Great for lower back relief by supporting & raising legs.
This toner seems to be working fine in my printer.
I really like this product as this is my second order (new calendar year as I use it!) I would give it 5 stars, but when I received the calendar the divider marker that you pull out and move to the next page was missing “teeth” to hold it in place. I use this feature a lot and the calendar that I had for a year the divider lasted almost 12 months before losing a tooth. I hope it functions as I would like it to do so! Otherwise it's the perfect calendar for me!
Nice and sturdy pocket calendar. Small but great quality. Love the tabs.
These are pretty great for keeping your hands busy; however, their eyes pop off quickly, they get filthy fast, and they smell awful when they arrive. Regardless, they have helped calm a 9 year old and focus a 17 year old. That's a win in my book.
I love this. My favorite part is that the pad has perforated edges between the grocery list and the menu so that the menu can stay on the fridge and the list can go to the market.
These were a gift for my daughter....upon opening the package the seem to be amazing!
I should have carefully read the dimensions. Good for an easy carry sign
Not the best fit workable for daily printing but good for pictures
Easy to place and strong. I use them to keep the painting canvas off the work surface when the tacks are pushed in the back of the canvas frame. This allows the paint that runs off paint pour canvas from sticking to the work surface when dried.
I like the lightness of the product compared to a heavy whiteboard. I put it up easily using thumbtacks. Works well for me as a graduate student. The only problem I had was that it was packaged carelessly by Amazon (it came with a couple of creases), otherwise, it's a great product!
Good, but hard to hook up.
Not very sturdy, but is cute display for pens, etc...
I bought two cartridges. Installed one and it works fine. Print OK and no problems. However I can't give a longevity rating as I just got it.
prints well and is fast. after wading through the unclear instructions, I am pleased.
Easy enough to set up and it's very flashy
after a few hundred dollars spent on phones and headsets, this little phone set has the best quality of anything i have--i can finally hear my customers and they can hear me well!! love it so far..
I liked the price of this product the most and especially when I need four for my printer. I haven't had it long enough to comment on longevity.
This works excellently but sometimes the tape gets stuck to the metal piece below the cutter. That was annoying. It was not a big deal, though, and we found this tape gun very useful while packing our home to move.
The journal will be used. It is not as sturdy as my previous one. Guess that is why it was so reasonable
was able to replace the cartridge with no problems. Not sure how many pages it will print yet.
I would have given it a 5-star rating, but it is not really burgundy as advertised. Instead, it's a nice chocolate brown,. I haven't had it long enough to judge its durability. Rather than put new flooring in my basement office, this hides the worn tiles and looks nice until we are ready to redecorate. I would prefer if it was more stable - stayed in place a bit better - but it's pretty good, so no complaint.
Not the best quality but very good for the price
Markers write great, Erase poorly and forget the magnets. They don't stick to anything
Daughter loves them.
The color od this calculator is what my daughter loves. Not sure how easy it is to use, but was the one recomended by the school.
My sister loved it! I'm thinking about getting one for myself
We love the picture quality it is very vibrant. It is super easy to adjust and set up. The only con we have found is the buttons on top are hard to see in daylight let alone a dark room. The other thing we wish it had was Bluetooth for a speaker, but we knew that going into it. We have really enjoyed it and feel like it is very quiet compared to others. The onboard speakers aren't bad either if it is a small group and you can sit near it.
Very nice gift for graduation
Great replacement for the dual hard plastic rollers. These are smoother to roll around on and seem like they aren't as hard on the flooring.
Very sturdy tabs, need fine point permanent marker to customize if desired. Wish there were more in the package... a little on the pricey side.
it remains hidden in your pen that being said im not very crazy about the gold color. I've had no problem with it, unlike the Parker brand which seemed sturdy but wasn't. if you know anything about fountain pens then this means nothing to you but in particular, these are of higher quality than most fill it yourself plungers at about the same cost as everyone else I'm sure that price will change but i paid around 10 dollars and got mine rather quickly.
Nice little hand bag to have all my charging cords in one spot. I use this to travel and keep my charging bank in as well. Zipper works well and is fully functional; just hoping the bag will hold up over time.
Definitely excellent for storage and occasional access. If you will need to get into your storage boxes regularly, I suggest a heavier duty box.
Printer not compatible. My fault, bought the correct ones from same vendor and worked without any problem. Great value instead of new ones.
These are great for regular paper but didn't work for me as I was looking for something that writes well on thermal receipt paper to use at work (Zebra Z-grips got the job done). If you don't need to write on a slick surface though these pens write well and are very consistent.
I wanted this laptop table to use for multiple purposes. I was going to use it on my sofa but it was too big. Even with the legs down on the last peg it was too high. It might be because I'm only 5 foot. I'm not sure. When I used it without the legs it was too wide and wobbly. It took up 1/2 of my sofa. I ended up returning it. I was looking for something for my lap.
I wanted a book for a type of address book but for phone numbers only. I only received this yesterday and love the quality of the notebook. I wrote my name once with the pen and added about 10 lines and the pen broke and now the colors won't stay down to write. Luckily not the selling point of the purchase to me but would have been nice.
After attempts of creating my own, spending money and giving up on prioritizing planning journals...I finally found one! Actually keeps me on track. Is simple but just enough detail to make it worth while. One thing I really like is that it helps you set simple monthly goals- motivates you to be realistic. Overall just really worked out for me!
Great pen for inking and calligraphy. Heavy sleek metal body and some of the blackest ink in their cartridges. I actually prefer this over the pentel pocket brush pen so far. Worth it in my book. Only thing I didn't like is they make putting the cartridge in really difficult and there is s tiny rubber o-ring that can get lost easily or brake over time. But still not a major component in the pen.
I bought this for my daughter's school needs and it arrived on time. The product reflects the description, so there are no complaints.
I wish I had paid more attention to the size. They are much bigger than letter size. They are really too big for what I want. I will pay more attention next time and be SURE that they are letter size. The envelops are nice.
I love these pens as they have a really good ink flow. The only negative was that we received the package with a pen missing.
Quick, efficient delivery of product which was as described. Labels are easy to use, adhesion is very good, and I am pleased with all aspects of the transaction. Thank you!
I ordered two to replace one large pen holder on my home office desk. They pretty much look just like the photo. They are a bit narrow, but for a few pens or markers, they work perfectly. I overstuffed two of them, even fitting a magnifying glass in one.
Printed with a couple of streaks in the dark area.
Nice calendar but I just wish Easter was on it and Good Friday was on the calendar
Good product and looks good on the wall.
Exactly what I was looking for.
Nice design. Paper was a little thin, but at least that wouldn't add weight to your card and increase postage.
This is a good product. I can't speak for the longevity of use - as some reviewers have - because I have not had them for very long. The ink is smooth. The tip is nice for creative type writing. The only negative is that it took longer than I expected for shipping - three weeks or so. Which is why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5.
I really like this set. Needs a light touch. LAYER THE COLORS. My biggest disappointment is that the colors are the same as in other sets. Not close to the colors, but identically the same. So now I have 136 duplicate colors. I have a large set 168 that has most of these pencils. These are still great pencils. I use mine all the time.
It works like you would expect. But sometimes the numbers do not register when i press them too lightly.
Bought this for a cousins birthday and sent it through the mail! She really enjoyed it
This a beautiful mousepad. Just as I hoped for. It is just a little small.
Perfect size, but glue edge is weak.
The printer scanner does what it promised.
Colors are bright. However it's taken a lot of shaking of the markers and flipping the tips in order to get the chalks to work.
It was definitely smaller than I expected but that ended up working out for me. The only thing I wish the planner had was tabs to easily locate the month. I appreciate the pens and stickers. It makes decorating fun.
ink doesn't last very long, but i guess that's true of all printers and ink
Arrived quickly and as expected
I have not used any yet but I expect it will work for me.
Very cute and modern. Great alternative to leaving piles of random mail or papers. The drawer does not slide out easily but is a nice storage spot for pens and things you'd put into a junk drawer.
Very sharp, nice colorful wood, a little bit small to handle. The handle gap is not as large as shown in the picture.
Nice envelopes! Not as thick as I hoped for, but they work and the extra 5 is nice
Got it fast. Great to carry on your lanyard, struggling a little bit to open and close, maybe because it's new and needs to be broken in. Wish there were more colors to choose from. I'd order all pink!
Good pen have two will by again
I love this brand, I had previously bought the light blue color for 2018. The only downside is it didn't have the plastic pocket like a lot of their other ones I've had. I took out the spiral and inserted the old one from last year. Now I'm happy!
Some write thicker than others, but overall they are pretty thin. The eraser so far has been really good and they have all erased with no leftover residue or stain to the board.
Excellent tint quality, need to update the cartridge opener for another sharper like a screw or something like that.
Just priced too high otherwise EXCELLENT product. I would buy several more if not so high cost.
Love them! Bought to laser engrave and they turned out perfectly. I was kind of taken back when they arrived and saw that it wasn't wood but done type of soft paper. But after laser engraving my company's logo on the front it looks perfect.
Much bigger than I was expecting
I need to find something that can keep me organized for school but also traveling. I can fit all of my cables and accessories. I still have some spaces for the cord sections. This bag even fits my travel adapter. I highly recommend it.
cute and good to distract yourself. I kept one and gave the rest as gifts
It worked very well until the produced leaked the first time, I sent them a picture and they are sending us a new ink toner. Thank you!
Great for carrying loose items in briefcase or Backpack.
Not the best staplers but it works.
Had to purchase the dry erase board for my son's first day of kindergarten. It's the exact size his school was asking for!
Just as I expected. I love it! At first I thought the size was too small but as I used it I found it was just right. It might just be me but this bottle makes me want to drink more water and I think the crystal is making the water taste better, not sure. But I like the quality and it's over all great. Going to order one for my wife.
It is good. We lost the wheel. Can we order the wheel?
The mat is thick, but not very pliable. When my chair rolls over top, it almost feels like it's about to crack. I give it 4 stars because it is heavy and protects the carpet like it says.
It's okay but digs into my head a little. But it works!
We use these for our ambulance service. Very handy.
Nice addition to play doh toys
Fits my old school label maker. If you bend them they do get a white crease line through them but that might just be what all these labels are like. Be careful once printed.
I like the fine tip. There are a few colors that don't cover as well as I want.
Easy to install, did reset my copier to show full ink and rich color. Let's see if it lasts longer than my previous cartridges.
So far these name tags have lived up to their promise to stay put as others have not.
This little address book is exactly as it presents itself in the description and is perfect for my needs.
Love the size and bright colors but my only worry for young students is the finish scratches off really easy.
They are great and so are the colors, the only issue is you have to be careful if you are putting them in a pencil case or bag, two of mine uncapped by themselves and bleed all over my white cloth pencil bag, they are still kind of usable but annoying that they uncap themselves
This is a great product at a decent price!
I don't if they going to last.
The RFID protection as I suspected upon purchase was non-existent. I use an RFID scanner every day to badge into work and this thing doesn't block crap.
Very fast and courteous customer service. Solved my inquiry with a couple of emails. Happy with the results and the product.
Exactly what I expected and ended up arriving early.
Let me see if I can do this with a straight face...I haven't taken the time to use them, yet.
Works fine with my Brother Printer
A variety and great for the passion planner
My only complaint is that it seems to be geared more towards mothers that have younger children in school. Many of the stickers pertained to school events and not everyone has children that young. Overall the quality is good and although the product arrived late I am satisfied with what I received.
The color isn't as vibrant as I expected but they definitely get the job done!
Very sleek and attractive letter opener. Love the gold finish, went perfect with the decor in my living room. It's also weighty, not flimsy and doesn't feel cheap. There was a hint of tarnishing, straight out of the packaging, which is why I can only give 4 stars. Hope it lasts a good while though.
These are useful small notebooks for jotting down grocery lists or things to remember while on the go.
It works very well, Arrived on time. Very happy, would like to know how to order replacement erasers.
definitely purchase again
As someone with OCD, it drives me insane that the stickers don't come off cleanly.
Enjoyed using the gel pens. Great selection to choose from. Colors glide on smoothly.
Have used before but have not used the last one yet.
Company Christmas exchange
Soft as can be, comfortable. What I find a problem is why somthing so comfortable must have turned up edges. These edges press into your thighs, and stop blood circulation. What hicky head thought that was a good idea. Hurtful hurtful hurtful.
Updated review - great customer service, would buy them again.
I really like these. I did have an issue getting them to work, I think that was just me, however. Once I figured it out, so far, they work fine. I left them in a sunny place for a day or so, to get enough solar power. So far they are working great. We have one at our back door, so we can see to get inside the house. I enjoy these lights. Does exactly as stated. How long they well last, not sure, but for now no issues.
Very nice! Item came one short of 10. But, well packaged to prevent scratches during shipping.
Quality very good as was service.
Dislike connecting to Wi-Fi was a little difficult. Over all the product is great
I liked the clear lettering and fast service.
I've had no problems putting these in the printer and it recognizing them and colors print beautifully. Just wish there was more ink in the colored cartridges (Yellow, Cyan, Magenta); they run out (especially magenta and cyan) quicker than the original Epson cartridges. The Black one seems fine. I've used same cartridge for several months and still have not replaced it. Others have been replaced at least once.
Weirdly smells like vanilla.
Very nice paper. Just perfect for making some invitations!
Easy to assemble and lots of compartments for organizing. Very pleased.
Pretty product, but the snaps didn't stay in place after just one time for a few of them. They broke off.
Worked great, thanks
I haven't use the product too much yet. But so far so good. The cartridge seems to print out OK and I haven't received any errors.
It did the job. But is very delicate , handle with care lol
I got these pencils for my soon to be kindergartener. She lacks fine motor skills. These pencils are the perfect height, width and write nice and dark with little pressure. Only downfall is the condition in which they arrived.... erasers: dirty, and loose (I'm prepared to hot glue them back down) packaging: bent, and non useable ( would have liked to keep them in original packaging, out of fear of them getting damaged before use.
Great product. Kind of pain in the neck to dig out the chip from the used toner and install it in the new cartridge. If you find yourself mechanically challenged, don't bother to buy this product. The print quality is excellent, besides the chip issue, it is a great product.
Used in my closet to hang purses and it looks great. A little hard to screw into wall but otherwise is a good product
it is square but works good
Moderately clear enlarged image but it would be more useful if it had a rigid frame.
This paper was beautiful. It has a shimmer look to it. I used it to make a fathers day sign along with some red card stock. The picture makes it look more yellow but it's a beautiful shade of gold with a shimmering effect. It is paper thin so if you are looking for card stock material this is not for you. It worked perfect for me as the red portion of my sign was card stock but if you are using it alone it is like a regular piece of paper thick.
It works good no problem.
works well for taking stuff off your desk
Amazing product. I just wish the clipboard could stick onto the case itself so the whole thing could hang up. Other than that minor thing, it is flawless.
Seems good. As advertised.
The cork was as expected.
I was impressed small but holds really strong ! Great for hanging pictures, or kids arts in the fridge and comes in 36 which is a lot ! Will definitely buy more when we run out !
I rely on AT-A-Glance Monthly Planners every year to keep my appointments in front of me at all times, write notes about purchases, due dates, and birthdays. I'm still a person who likes a paper calendar to write on. But this year, I'm still airing this one out as it came with a strong inky smell. I wish they used soy-based ink on the pages.
Easy set-up and seems like good mid-print quality.
The rectangular upright bin is huge! I thought it would be used to store files vertically so it wouldn't be that wide, but it's actually wide enough to store them horizontally. I guess that might be good for some, but I would have preferred if it was not that big. The post it bin is also a little large, but it's fine. The set altogether is very nice.
Standard pouches. It was oddly hard to find clear cases (as requested by the school) locally. Glad to have found these.
Not ivory or beige, but very much darker in color.
Two broke quickly after hanging something heavy, but they work well for hanging my dogs leashes, brooms and mop. They look nice!
I would love to give an actual review and will update if I ever receive the darn thing. UPDATE: I did finally receive this counter. It works as intended and allows me to keep better track of total fish caught, if getting one if those days. Much easier knowing how close to getting to that Crappie limit. Only 4 stars due to time to receive.
This tray desk was exactly what I was looking for. It is stury and does its job. The reason for 4 stars as opposed to 5 is because of the way the legs extend for greater height in the desk. In order to extend the legs, you loosen the clasps and pull/extend the legs to your desired height. This method is fine, however it is somewhat difficult to get the exact same height on each side and achieve a perfectly leveled desk. I wish there were notches or something along the legs so that I could easily adjust the desk's height evenly. Otherwise, keeping it at its lowest or highest height setting is the only true way of having it leveled, which works just as fine for me.
Take a few rollers for the confidential stamp to work but when is does it's very good
We got these after I forgot that I had a 3M brand for our move, they work pretty good, but not as smooth as the 3M brand. 3M (Scotch Tape brand) was smoother & Quieter, like butter
For the price this is a nice little journal. I wanted dot journals for several purposes so I ordered several different kinds. This was the least expensive and my least favorite. My biggest complaint is the the spine is lumpy. I will use it though just not for a journal I want to use for many years.
works great on packages
As yet have not used these check. I like the appearance and also that they have a larger check stub than most binder checks. We had problems with our last check order from another source in that the perforations are difficult to tear along even with folding multiple times and the checks sometimes rip. The perforations on these seem as if they will tear out easily. If so, our company will be permanent customer.
Not sure this will hold up well. My previous Blue Sky planners had laminated covers this one does not. My others also had an inside pocket which I will miss. I didn't notice it was missing until I already wrote in the planner. Otherwise I would have returned it.
So far so good. There is feedback/ or light humming sound on customers end. But they say it isnt that bad and can still understand me.
Seemed pricey for the material and design.
I'm new to figure drawing, and have tried many (most?) of the options for drawing. I hate graphite, shiny and bland. I love charcoal, dark or light or gray or black, but finding the right one for what I am doing has been a challenge. But so many options are ultra messy, or they are square so are hard to get a point I like, or they aren't black enough, or the paper is too hard to rip down to new charcoal, or the break when you look at them.... First: A note to people who complain that they dropped them and they broke. Yes, and so do eggs. Do you give eggs a thumbs down, or one star for breaking when you drop them? Just curious. Back to topic: They can be tough/challenging to sharpen, but when you do you do get them pointy, you can soon apply very wide shading, or narrow. Your fingers don't turn black (nor does the cat get black streaks when he gets pet without thinking about the state of your pinkies) If it has a pretty sharp point, you can use it until the point is flat on one side, but still sharp, so by rotating it, you can get wider or very fine marks. I love that. They will break if you drop them, but I find them satisfactorily robust unless it rolls off my desk, which happened. They are round after all.... As some have mentioned, there is very little difference between the 3 grades, but they are all fine with me. And as far as I'm concerned, they are as black as most of the other options I have experimented with, so I'm happy. The one downside is that it is not black black. It's dark, blackish, but not soft-compressed, or vine black. But I'm happy to practice/learn with these, and splash a little real black on when needed. I may stop using them when I am much more experienced, but for now, they are a good compromise for me. Back to my practice!
Overall a great product. I didn't think through the thickness of the band and it "laying flat" but I like them.
When ever I print stuff and it prints,,,it's been a good day.
So far they work like the OEM.
This product is great for those wanting to create their own customized labels. I primarily use them for labeling bottles for water sampling at my work. They come out perfect with our laser printers. I especially enjoy using excel to create a database for my labels and using word to bring that database into the mailing function which sets up the labels for me in the Avery product of my choice. The 2 x 4 inch size is more than big enough to include a lot of information on the label. The things I don't like are the cost, however, on amazon they are much cheaper than the box stores. The labels if they get wet fall apart so we usually have to cover them with strips of tape to keep them as water proof as possible. I would like to try the Avery waterproof labels of this size just to see if they would be better.
Cards were great, and thicker quality than I was expecting!
I've purchased many hobby knives over the years but this one is a gem! Very well put together, nice weight in the hand and a cushioned grip. It's easy to change out the blades. It's feels like steel, has that steel weight to it. The only draw back is the safety cap. It doesn't fit snugly on the shaft and rattles around a little bit. It still works mind you, I just think that with how dangerous a blade is they would find a better way place a cap on it. For the price, you simply cannot find a better hobby knife though. I paid $4.99 for these and have purchased more expensive but cheaper quality hobby knives. If you're careful with the cap, this is the best hobby knife you can buy!
I bought these for an over-zealous, 3 year-old crafter (read: cutter of all things). He loves them. They are great for his small hands and easy to use.
I really like it. I just wish there was a less permanent way to hang it than what is offered. I don't want to drill holes in my wall. I ended up hanging it up with a few nails tho.
I ordered one light one dark and i received two light!!
The hold punch is dull and doesn't punch through more than 10 sheets or so.
It's a scale, you can pick up the same one at the local Walmart. This does not have a backlight and is hard to see in a poorly lit room (this was the case on a previous trip at night in a hotel room). Seems to be accurate so everything else was fine.
This is a good wireless scanner for the quality and price. It has quite a few customizable settings and built-in features that make it adaptable for many situations. I use it to track inventory of parts for my shop and it's super quick scanning and syncing. Update: had some issues with the scanner after awhile and the seller promptly offered a replacement.
Thinner than expected but still great
I have had good luck with these. They are the only non-official ink tanks that can fully and properly align for good printing. All the others are a disaster.
A bit lightweight/thin and therefore, a bit difficult to use. Cheap though
Worked fine. No complaints!
Great product. As described
worked well on my hero 9.1 till the last two black cartridges. one ran out of ink in 15 pages and the other cartridge wasn't detected by the printer. I'm contacting Kodak it might just be the printer heads. will find out. price is awesome for all the ink I got. Buying one package of black and color runs me like $45. so, all in all, it was good
Was exactly like described. They are more sturdy than I thought they would be. Only giving 4 stars because I wish they came with extra labels and budgeting sheets.
This pen covered up the color leads more then the other similar pen offered by Pentel. I sorta like the other pen better.
The fact that there was an eraser on it and 12 pieces of lead in it. I was unable to install it because the top of the pencil I was going to put it in would not come off. I had to ship the pencil to A. T. Cross Company to get the pencil repaired.
I am beginning to realize how much I like the disk system. this system in particular is perfect for my needs. what is not perfect for my needs however, (reason for the 4 stars) is that there is no whole puncher system that will will punch the holes to use these rings or add additional pages that you make for personal things. As much as I like this particular book. once I fill all the pages, unless I find some more to buy, I will have to move on for lack of a whole puncher that can punch pages to use the rings.
I think for the price it is a very good deal. The only thing I would like to see is a more modern control box. Something more sleek.
Pictures are beautiful even while black and white.
Could use a higher wall around the bottom so pens dont slip out.
Love it, just took a while to get!
Great mechanical pencil. Don't have to rotate to keep a sharp edge as it does it for you. Only con is the small eraser.
I use this item for all of my binders I have at work. They fit perfectly and it has really helped me de-clutter.
Pencils are creamy, colors blend well, works great with mineral spirits. Bright colors. Some of the darks aren't as dark as I would like, however. Some colors crumble and with others the lead is very soft and wears down quickly. In 2 months, I have worn down several pencils to less than half size, will need extenders to hold them after next trip to sharpener. Wish these were available in open stock. Great value.
Good quality works pretty good
This is great double sided tape with good adhesive . Many a times I missed to have a double sided tape at home for one or other thing and then I found this tape . It has good adhesive strength and is transparent .
Pros: Wide variety of colors, nice box store them in Cons: some pens are smooth and flow easily while others are scratchy and not as smooth going on to paper
I am a bigger person and I have finally found a chair where my thighs aren't getting strangled by the arms of the chair. It it very comfy, works well, and I love that it has a foot rest. The only downside is the arms of thw chair I think the bolts come loose and have to be tightened every few weeks depending on how much you use it. Which isn't really a big deal if you know how. Great product, would buy again.
They're detachable key rings so what can one really say about them. They work fine and this offering had a price well below that of most competitors. I was able to get a 5-pack for what several others wanted for a single keyring
Awesome little laptop table. Seems sturdy while being used. Love the way it folds up (super easy to store) and even has a little storage space when folded. Has a handle to carry it while folded which is nice. Its great for when I'm in bed, messing around on the laptop, I don't have to rest the computer on my lap, no hot lap and no tweaked neck. This will also make a great little picnic table for camping, hanging at the park, or outdoor movies. Only real negative for me (why i took off one star) is that the middle doesn't lock. So if you pick it up from one side it will definitely collapse on you. It would have been so easy to add something to lock it while open but for whatever reason they didn't. I'll probably end up rigging something up for it, but really its kind of a non-issue. I still highly recommend this table. I was looking at some of the wooden ones before getting this and glad I made this choice, better fit for me personally, sleeker style.. I'm very happy with the purchase
I meant to order the 100'
I have not had a chance to try the tape in my machine yet. However, I don't foresee any problems.
Pleased so far. Not sure how long they'll last, as we've just started writing with them.
Compare to the Pixma and the MX I had, it is considerably smaller. Set up is super easy, non-OEM ink are some of the cheapest you can find online, it prints good and fast. However here comes a few bad points, it doesn't have a closed paper tray that stays closed at the bottom, you always have to use the back paper tray which collects a lot of dust and dust is inkjet's biggest enemy. It doesn't automatically open/unfold the front cover when it starts to print, so you have to manually open it or it won't print. Besides these 2 complaints, it is an excellent printer.
Good markers. Some of the colors write lighter than I'd like but good for the most part.
Nice to have multiple, the quality feels very light weight chintzy like they won't last long.
It's not a very vibrant gold, more of a dark gold, but it's pretty and does the job. A very thick pad, comes with lots of pages!
Just FYI: I ordered the 12 pack and it only came with 10. I worked with Amazon though and got a full refund.
Overall, I really like this wallet and am pleased with the purchase. It's spacious but also very slim, which is great for throwing in a small bag or keeping on your body for nights out. Each card slot can easily fit more than one card, and the zippered center holds a few folded bills without issue. The only thing that isn't perfect is that the wallet is a bit stiff, which means it may be a bit difficult to get cash out of you have more than a few bills in the zippered center or a handful of change.
This is a good solid printer for the money and easy to install. Ink is almost as costly as the printer itself.
Good quality boxes for moving. Certainly beats used boxes from some liquor or department store, though liquor store boxes are good for glass since that is of course, what they were designed for. Still these are the perfect size for moving, not too big and not too small. I also recommend that you only label each box on the tape after you seal it, that way you can pull the tape off later on and not have to worry about finding the right box to load those certain items all over again next time you move.
It's bit early as I've only installed one so far (the large black one). Seems to be working well. Need more time to fully evaluate.
Exactly what I needed and it is as described.
It fits standard postcards well. I have a few larger cards that it doesn't fit and I don't want to cut them down to do so, other than that. Good product
Good cartridges, work well so far. A little bit more expensive than some other vendors on Amazon.
I love the colors and they are very cute! However, the paper is not origami paper but rather a cheap construction paper, which was my only disappointment about this product. Otherwise it's good to make lucky stars with.
Great card, but I guessed I rushed to read it before I bought it and didn't even notice how many times they reused the same complimentary words, of course my Husband noticed when He read it. So sorry I bought this one I think. If he hadn't of mentioned it, it would have been no big deal. But it's a nice looking card. For got how much I paid for it. But likely more than in the store. But I cannot get out do to being disabled and I'm thankful for the cards on Amazon to purchase.
Perfectly nice device, records everything just fine. Plenty of configurable features for different types of recording . Plenty of built-in storage plus SD micro card expandability. My only complaint was that it did not support external stereo microphones, or line input, meaning it wouldn't accept external input from a device with a powered output such as another tape recorder or from something like an iPod or other device with a powered output, features that I wanted. The built-in microphones record in stereo, and if you have no need to record in stereo using an external microphone and have no desire to use it to make recordings from devices with their own powered output then it is a perfectly good device and a good value for the money.
We received this beautiful leather chair with flip-up arms. Following initial assembly which required two people and an hour and a half, a defect was discovered. Amazon customer service replied promptly and after identifying the problem has offered a satisfactory resolution
a little thin but works for me.
I had the idea this was bigger (my own fault, but do check the size before buying.) but it works just fine for my needs and arrived quickly with no problems.
Ordered and was on time. Still haven't had a chance to use it. So far so good.
It was exactly what I needed and the fast shipping really helped. One thing I would really like would be a slot for my business cards - if you can make that happen that would be fantastic! Bottom line, I highly recommend this seller and will continue to use them for my business.
Great product. I use them all the time on my quads and forearms
works well, won't lose keys
I look is very nice and I like that it was a 3 ring binder. I didn't like that it was smaller than regular 5x7 paper. That was my mistake for not reading all of the description. But over all, it is looks nice:).
Super cute and they look just like the picture. The size is nice too.
I've done about 20ish pages. Works good.
im an acrylic painter who doesn't really enjoy watercolors so I was very afraid to try gouache out because I heard it was very similar to watercolors. I finally decided to get this set because it was very affordable and it had many good reviews. I am so happy to say that I was able to use these paints successfully without any of the colors mudding up. They are a thick consistency similar to some acrylics, and they also dry really fast (faster than some acrylic paints which was unexpected for me to discover). But the very cool thing is that you can reactivate gouache with water, which was why I was afraid that the colors would muddy together, but they did not! They don't react to water like watercolor paint does. I definitely recommend any acrylic or watercolor painter or anyone to invest in this set if you want to try gouache out without spending too much money, it's a very interesting and fun medium to paint with. One thing I didn't like however was that the color of the paint from this brand was not accurate. It's one color when it's wet, but once dry it tends to be one or two shades darker or lighter, which really bothered me but one can get used to. Note- You can't do light washes with these since they are water-based.
I got these dots for my son for crafts, school work, etc. We stuck them on the wall to write his sight words and they stick just fine. I even decided to stick a dot on our fridge to list grocery items needed and/or reminders! I'm excited to stick a dot on my bathroom mirror! I think I'll write words of affirmation and inspirational quotes to brighten our days! The possibilities are endless with these dots. Great buy!
Good size and sturdy. I only wish the top latching strap was longer to optimized the complete size of the case.
I've enjoyed the planner, it is customizable for dates and times but otherwise you follow a pretty structured system, which is helpful. The questions in the beginning felt a bit repetitive, but to their credit they got me thinking. The weekly and daily goal review is a great motivator.
Ordered for wife's side business. She seems to like them. They look cool but also seem a little flimsy/cheap. That being said, they more than get the job done.
Arrived in a timely fashion. Black is sharp and crisp and color is good.
This pad came with a reasonable price and a slight chemical smell. It is small enough to lay on the keyboard of my laptop. It's OK and I like it.
This wallet is amazing. The only reason I don't leave a 5-star review is that the keychain was not made for a small amount of keys, it's either you have 4 keys or you have over 8, the bolts weren't built for for example 5 or 6 keys. Otherwise, this product is a must have for all men! Definitely recommended, sturdy, solid, overall great! Go buy it.
Exactly what I was looking for. These folders are versatile and durable. Easy to see through and clean. Made my organizational skills top notch.
It is a little bit of an awkward length, but the pattern is nice. Be careful with the metal clasp because it isn't too sturdy. Mine bent out of place for just being in my bag. However it was easy to fix with some pliers.
Smaller than I thought but nice.
Love this product! Keeping me organized for future vacation. Great for a detailed-orientated person like myself.
These pens skip a lot when I'm writing on something right on top of a desk. No problems with notebook-bound paper though.
I use this pen almost every day. It has a look of class but is made to be used, not admired.
Great for moving around our plants
Nice ruler & magnifier for small type.
The quality is actually really good for the price. It's just not exactly top quality but I was surprised at how nice it actually was
very good quality - sturdy... much smaller than I thought (the kids in the picture make it look bigger)
Works good and holds a lot of papers. I ordered a purple clipboard, but got a pink one instead...
Not exactly what I wanted , but it worked ok for packing dishes and glasses
Very nice rulers, packaged well. The quality of the material seems pretty high, the printing is clear, and my students will love them.
This mechanical pencil has the right balance and weight (heft) to it that I find far exceeds the feel of plastic ones. It's mostly metal which I really like as well, except for one weak link in the design. If you drop it on a hard surface, and it lands on the writing end, it can break some kind of plastic sleeve that resides in the barrel. If this sleeve breaks the pencil is rendered useless. This has happened twice to me. I'm on my third Graph Gear 1000. I put up with what I consider a design flaw in the pencil because I do like the "feel" of the pencil. I'm very careful now about trying to avoid dropping the pencil. For the expense of the pencil - it is more expensive than your typical mechanical pencil, it seems to me this "plastic sleeve" in the barrel could be either better designed, or made of metal. One feature of the pencil I really like is that the clutch that holds the graphite in place allows the graphite to be placed back into the pencil. This saves me getting poked with the sharp writing end when I carry the pencil in my jeans pocket.
The mouse pad is a very nice size, and well made. I appreciate the stitching along the edges that will prevent fraying, but those stitches allow the edges of the pad to curl up a bit, which is mildly annoying (not a deal breaker). The wrist rest is sticky and definitely stays in place, but it's rather small for anyone who tends to move their wrist, and it's firmer than I would like. I like the set in general, but wish the manufacturer would offer a set in which the wrist pad is the same width as the mouse pad.
I printed some photos I needed look good, but I bought other better quality than this. For the price it's fine
I got the box and the wheels are fine. I had to buy 5 wheels even though I only needed one wheel because I had one break. The whole box smells strongly of cigarettes. It makes me gag to open it. As I only need one wheel, the other 4 are currently stinking up my whole cabinet like cigarettes.
Love the color. The only thing is that the pages bleed pretty easily.
Product delivered quickly. Black ink seems to print well. Haven't used the color yet. Will purchase again.
The product is sturdy and simple to install and use. Unfortunately the TV I purchased had too large of a bolt pattern for it to connect to. Makes me wish I had bought a different tv, because its bolt pattern is for a much larger tv and therefore requires a much larger mount.
These are what I expected them to be. I use them for my recipes. I would prefer they didn't have Amazon Basics printed on every one as it is a little distracting, but I didn't think of that ahead of time. Sort of wish I had!
I just ordered and received this. I ordered the teal. It looks like the photo. It fits my 11" mack book, my Erin Condren life planner, my phone, pens, my charger, my id, file folder with power points. It is tight. If my file folder is too full i have to carry it on top. Since I have been pulling a larger wheeled bag it is nice to take only what I need for my class. I am giving it 4/5 only b/c I would like it to be slightly wider/thicker to have a bit more wiggle room. Otherwise it is great.
This is adjustable to fit many angels, heights and spaces. The mechanism used to hold the table in place is very durable and high quality. It is easy to adjust where needed and is easy to lock into place. This is an excellent value for the price paid. When my keyboard and mouse are on it together it allows for easy movement. Definitely better than the arm of the recliner chair.
It took a little while to get the cartridge, so order well before you run out. The quality is very good for the price.
I do like this badge holder, but the one change I would make is to have a little more give in the zipper compartment.
Good Product, Fair Price
Bad pricing, shop around before you order these... good product tho.
Just wish I could buy a bigger quantity at a better price, the cheaper labels I see I keep getting scared off by the ad reviews
When it arrived it looked like it had been used with the edges off. I use it everyday and it turned out to be really helpful!
Great optical quality. Precision on size could have been better but was OK for my application.
It holds alot and keeps everything neat and easily available. It is great looking also
I thought the globe was bigger so I was a little disappointed about the size that it was. But my daughter loves the pictures of animals on it & she loves learning about the different places on the globe.
I like the way how this pens write If you are interested into writing in pen but the the same time can be erasable I will totally recommend this pens
Colors are great and opaque. Tips are brush style, very soft and flexible.
A basic velvet pen pouch. Worked fine, pens fit.
Easy to use and plenty of space to write daily calendar notes. Just wish the paper was white not off white/yellowish
Great pen easy/quick to use. Needs a clip. The clip for the regular bullet pen can be installed with some force. I chose to secure mine with superglue
Work great for my at-home business.
So far a very good light for the price. Gave it four stars only because I've had it for three days. I use it with my backup usb batteries for a lamp. If it lasts, I would give it a five star rating.
It's a four pack with a really good deal. I broke my co-worker's retractable holder and I need to replace it. I paid a lot more for less product before. It looks very durable and hopes it will last a little longer than my co-worker's one that I broke.
I love that the box sorts 4 cash values, sorts 5 coin values (with a lid to keep coins in place), and has extra room behind cash sorters for extra items. Overall, it does just what I want it to do. My only issue is that the connection between the box itself and the metal spring weights to hold down the bills is somewhat flimsy and bendable. One came apart with the first day of use. I was able to put it back together, but seems like it could be sturdier. Overall, good box for my needs.
Worked as needed and expected
Cute cases, but when my daughter received them, put them to use, one of them had the stitching on the top begin unravelling. I had to do some sewing to put it back. Nothing serious, but the stitching from the factory was a bit sloppy, done too quickly.
The size is great. We put our first menu on it. I was surprised how light it was but made it easy to hang. Hooks are already on it and you can hang it either direction. We are actually using it vertically. Also liked the weathered wood frame.
UPDATE: I gave this to my boyfriend back in April and it is now August of the same year. It is still holding up well. He uses it to keep change in his car. I'm actuallly quite impressed with this little coin pouch. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Bought this for my boyfriend to keep his loose change in. He thought it was funny. It is a little on the small side and it feels kind of thin/light. The zipper feels like it's made of some sort of plastic. I do like that it is made of recycled material. I am interested to see how it will hold up, but considering the fairly low price, I'm not too worried.
I was skeptical of this safe because of some bad reviews. However this is one of my favorite purchases. Everything works perfectly for several months thus far. The video of the guy easily breaking into the safe is a bit misleading; however there is an access "key slot" under the Stanley plate. If you're that worried about someone breaking in I suggest a bigger safe and a change of location haha. I added two motion sensor lights to the inside which really makes a huge difference. The door had a little play in it when closed, a thin foam tape fixed that. I also read a review about finger print issues; if you dont reset the safe before entering prints then any print will work, says so in the manual. Do a proper setup and it works great. If your worried about speed of access I suggest logging your middle finger as well, you can then hit the key and read your print in one motion thia is also much more comfortable. Another thing is log your finger in several positions for easy access. Somehow I was able to disable the open door alarm which I was happy about. I intend to mount this inside a large gun safe so the fact that it is not fireproof is less of an issue to me otherwise that would be the only downside. Highly recommend this safe.
This frame was perfect for a poster we've been wanting to hang. Looks like real glass but of course light weight. Would repurchase. Very easy to hang.
Quality, mostly easy to use boxes. A little over priced as you could shop locally but in the age of convenience Amazon does it best.
This product are very good, just one thing.. in the photo looks bigger. I thought will be bigger, I know you wrote the size. I liked !!!!
I have ordered toner for both my laser jet printer and my ink jet printer and am very satisfied with the quality of the product, the unbeatable price and the quick delivery! Thank you
Good quality, and they really come in handy!
The best earl grey I've ever had - its the only one i'll drink now !!
My daughter loves this product to print photos from her phone and clip them onto a hanging string. This is a very easy and quick way to print.
The cards are made with quality card stock and the pictures are clear, crisp. Absolutely stunning!! I love my cards!!
Loved these. Unfortunately I forgot to take my keys off of one before handing them into my last job. 😭
Looked cute in my daughter's dorm room
This was a gift for my mother and she loved it, the only problem is she wanted two!
Great package of tools for mathematicians, woodworking, arts and crafts, etc. The price is very affordable for everything it includes. Would buy again!
Omg these are the cutest and just as I imagined! They are more like a postcard rather than like a folded over card. They are perfect size and super cute!
I have a small space and these products were just the right fit. Sturdy and small. Just what I needed.
great little journal. very thick cover which I didn't expect, so that was a nice suprise
Bought book marks with out tassels and these will work great!!!!
One of Christmas gifts . Looks very nice!
When you receive this item you are going to be amazed at how much you are getting for the money. Mores than worth the purchase and a good way to get organized.
This item is even better looking in person than in the pics. This works great in my desk and has added a level of organization to my desk that I needed. It is even better that it look great in my desk as well.
Used these name badges for a meeting. It was very helpful to have the attendees with a name tag.
Perfect for organizing all of your small desk supplies.
Very nice and best price of other options
This was exactly what I needed. It arrived fast.
These seem just as good as BIC. I love these.
I really like the scanner, I just say no problem I have a scanner ,it is as fast as you would like, for research and to get a copy of something its been good especailly for the price, its lightweight fits in my purse .
Match my super doodle pens perfectly.Wish they were instock all the time
Great price for the package of 2. Have had trouble finding this tape in stores. Works well and stays stuck.
Good quality acid free paper.
Shared with a friend, she loved them
Only been using this about a month. We shred A LOT. This shredder is easy to maneuver around the office. It operates at a normal volume and is not too loud. It handles credit cards pretty well. We shredded 10 pages at a time without issue. All in all a good value for the price.
I love the set and it was very affordable. Thank you so much for the products you offer. I definitely will be buying more products that you offer!
No longer do I have to be stranded when I walk out of the house without my keys!
Very pretty. Doubles as a necklace. Love it.
Like that you can turn off the fans and lights if you don't need them. Great feature if your running on battery since the PC is what powers it.
It took me forever to find a to-do notebook/shopping list like this one. It has made my life SO much more organized! I needed something more day to day that didn't necessarily need a meeting calendar- but still needed the occasionally important time to remember.
Lovely, bright red shiny heart. Looks great on my handbags.
Just the same as sold in Office Depot only half the price for EXACT same package.
This planner saved my life! It's pretty basic but it's not too big or small and looks sleek as hell, a little on the feline side which I love cuz I'm gay but it might be too much for the common Hetero man
Love this calendar. I need one with pockets for all the appt cards. Pretty colorful print.
Very compact & I like that.
good i mean its a sharpie cant complain
used for our web orders fulfillment. appreciated by our consumers
Making labels is fun
Fast shipment! Lot's of color option! And very sticky.
Work well great and cheap.
My Daughter Loved it
I have to say, I am extremely impressed!! Not at all what I expected, to be honest. It's very, very nice with an almost satin-like finish. Highly recommend. I will definitely be a repeat customer!
Have only used black cartridge but works great. Looks same as HP ink. Printer keeps alerting that not using HP ink but have not had any problems as far as printing documents.
Very useful, our family has 4 car keys, we always can't find it immediately. Since we use this product, we can find the keys quickly. Very convenient. The product has key rings, can't lose the keys anymore.
Nice and sturdy, fixed my tight neck!
Beautiful Handcrafted notebook! Will definitely come back for another one. The quality is very good. I have been wanting one for a long time. I found it here on Amazon and came across this seller and I am so happy with it. I highly recommend it,for anyone looking for a special gift with a reasonable price its great!
Works great! They are very sticky for a project my child was working on.
I'm a teacher and this is my new best friend.
This product has turned out to be the answer to the more expensive cartridges - I read multiple reviews prior to my purchase, because I have bought other "off label" brands before, with no warranty, and been stuck with printer cartridges that did not work, could not be returned, and ultimately spending twice the amount to replace with the name brands. These are working great & I will gladly continue to use them in the future.
very good for large wide book to display pages when open
Price and quantity not as good after checking prices on other paper
My daughter takes this more than a bookbag. She loves it. Fits her supplies perfect
Just as posted. Works great.
It's just as shown. I love having the two sections for each day along with the full calendar view before each month. I also like that the hourly section isn't marked quarterly, but ACTUALLY hourly (I'm not THAT organized haha). I'm not much of a sticky-note person but I appreciate the option and the bookmark. Sturdy, the pages don't bleed easily with a regular pen, I'm happy.
Just a week with it, but so far is great, I have 3 keys on one side and the mini light+my own carbine on the other
Very nice and appropriate to the kind of work I do. Would order it again.
Perfect for my 1st grader and kindergartener. I love that they can practice their writing without having to buy tons of paper every week. And I love that I can use one to help demonstrate for each child rather than having to use the blackboard all the time.
Holds a lot of pencils. The pockets are kind of small, and some pencils almost don't fit lengthwise. Can be frustrating if you have a long pencil that is sharp and has an eraser on it - have to be careful to not break the tip in the closing of the box.
Makes cutting easier!
I love my journal. I wish the dots were a little lighter but overall I am happy with the paper.
Very satisfied with the paint pens. Came in a nice box and lots of colors to choose from. Ready to do some kindness rock painting.
Binders provided suitable use for individual student goal binders
I bought the Westcott Stainless Steel Office Ruler with Non Slip Cork Base 6-Inch and the Westcott 6-Inch Clear Shatterproof Ruler because I was looking for a compact ruler to fit into a pen case both are good quality and came in perfect condition. The metal one was a Blue tint not stainless color but I'm fine with that. Great Price and value. As far as the sticker removal it was not a problem, I used WD-40 and was careful when removing the sticker and any residue.
I got these to hold my cookbooks on the top of my fridge and they work great! Haven't had any issues, and the oak color will probably fit in with any kitchen that has light wood cabinets. They were smaller than I expected when I opened the package, but they've been holding up large cookbooks for months now and have been working fine
Looks just like pictured
The toners came on time and very easy to install. No issues so far. I would buy again.
I love this product. I can see so many potential uses. I will use it as a menu board and will use in my catering business as a greeting board. Birthday wishes can be posted... so many uses. The price is great, priced a smaller one and this one was $30 cheaper.
As promised, good quality. I Get one every year, for last 10 years!
I already started using the journal and love it. The pages are a little bit thin, but the marker pens are great quality. Good deal for the price.
Works well with my duty handcuffs.
These bags are soft, pliable and yet sturdy! I'll be back to order more!!!
Great for small groups in my classroom
This product works perfectly in my Brother label maker. Thank you for making this product at such a great price!
Not much can be said -- they are dividers. They appear sturdy enough and I like the fact that they are not colored coded. Just basic black and white tabs.
Exactly what he needed
These are secure and you can feel confident that contents are protected.
They work just as good as Avery!!!
Now my monitor is aligned with my eyes.
Arrived quickly, works great!
My wife is very happy with them. Already has some colored.
I've used this line for about 20 years for various jobs. I like the green color because it blends into the background.
Glass is better than plastic, only problem sometimes works loose.
Nice, and long lasting - great little present for a cat lover that reads - when the cats nestles in her/his lap.
Despite the high price for the ink, it works and is an HP genuine product. If this was a review of price for value then this would say something else.
We received a high quality and simply beautiful custom silver nameplate for our recently passed away and much loved 18-year-old cat for her urn. I was surprised that it was made and shipped next day after ordering it, which is unheard of for custom items. I received it a few days later and I would highly recommend for high quality and quick delivery.
Tape is high quality and heavy duty
These stickers are perfect to go on my shipping boxes. They are big enough to read well but not too big. Thank you!
This is another great paint. I really like it I wish there were more colors though. I will buy it again. I shared with my sister so will be needed another pack soon.
The board looks sturdy and as advertised! Good value for the price.
My little lefty loves it.
These are great for my needs
Great compact laminator. Its lightweight and I haven't had any issues with paper jams yet. It works great for my home office. It's pretty simple to use, there really isn't much to it. I appreciate the pieces of laminator paper that comes with it.
Lines in each day!! And just a calendar!!
We write so much, that it is great to have these refills.
Great product quick delivery thanks so much Tom and the rest of you folks, very impressed!
Works well and easy to open and close. Got this to replace my prismacolor sharpeners because they were next to useless. Tops quickly stopped staying on the prismacolor sharpeners but these are holding strong.
Exactly what we were wanting. Lead is thick enough it doesn't break when my kids go to write.
Got this my 85 year old mother who has macular degeneration. She is able to read her books and daily paper as well as resumed her embroidery. Highly recommend.
Love the desk adjustment. I have been wanting something like this for quite a while. I should have purchased this long ago. Physically better for my health and stop me from becoming such a slug at my computer all day.
We use these at my company for artists to sign merch. They show up clearly on all colors and doesn't fade over time!
I use alot of post it notes. These are great because they actually have adhesion to gel pens. Other post it notes scrub off really easily.
I got these for my son's STEM class. It is exactly what he needed. Great quality. Love that it came in a plastic cover so it doesn't rip up his binder and papers.
These hooks were very easy to install and work great.
I used this on a recent trip to Thailand. It was really easy to set up and helped with my circulation while on the long flight. I would recommend this to anyone.
I bought these to put of cloth gift bags and they stick very well. I can't speak on durability yet, but so far I am impressed.
My don loves it! Love the premade options that come with it lol
Perfect bag for work. Amazing quality for the low price!
These are very informative guides great for quick reading
Very happy with this product
I love this planner. Lots of space, plastic cover is bendable and keeps it clean. Love the way it is set up to look at the entire month and by day with a To Do list This is my second year purchasing this organizer and I will get another one next year
Fits 6 keys well. It keeps my keys nice and tidy.
I'm absolutely amazed by this! My family and I travel all over for work and none of us speak anything but English so this is a great tool to translate for us.
quick service, nice packaging, nice printing quality, will buy again
Exactly what I expected and needed. Nice to be able to access DirecTv on demand.
Good for any Totoro fan. Pens fit in exactly as depicted.
I bought 2, good quality. Standard lanyard hook fits into the hole..although it doesn't look like it will. I like the feel of the material. It's almost half the price of the others!
Flows nice. Durable. Little to no skipping.
This was a gift for my daughter. She loved it!
My daughter loved the horse folders & notebooks.
Ink is so expensive so anyway I can get quality ink for a cheaper price is a great thing
This is the third one I've bought because I love it so much and want to gift it to others! It is well made and looks great on my desk. My students love to see the elephants in my room, this one adds to that and functionality!
I knew it would be heavy and it was. But it works fine and that's just what I needed
These wheels are very easy to install, just snap them in. They help the chair move much smooth and quieter. They slide quiet and super smooth on the hardwood floor. I didn't know there were these kind of wheels until recent search and purchase. The price are low too. I will replace all my office chair with these type of wheels in the future. Highly recommend.
I needed a carryall for my ipod and all of my chargers. Perfect size, looks rich, well made.
Nice to be able to find kinds at Amazon and get them quickly. I know now that I don't have to worry about what store isn't handling them anymore. It was great having them delivered right to my door too. Thank you
Love love love the case! Pencils aren't artist quality but great quality for your student or for your own coloring purposes
It worked great my daughter loves it!
These are awesome pieces of arts in little card form.
My son absolutely loves the variety of the colors.
Working as intended, printing as good as the genuine cartridges.Recommend
Good! :) Great for soap making.
HESE WORK Great on patterns (copying to freezer paper) and fine line drawings.
These are great for quilting. I was able to continue quilting while recovering from thumb surgery. I have since recovered and I still use them.
Great company , excellent package and speedy delivery, printing clear and dependable, I'm happy with this purchase, will be a pleased repeat customer!
Very nice quality and sturdy. Definitely would purchase again.
I love this Desk Pad. It is everything as described from the seller. The stitches are very well done and it is completely reversible. Both colors look nice and compliments my room and walls. The pad stays on my desk and my mouse glides smoothly. However, if you are someone who does not like a slippery pad for their mouse, this product might not be for you.
Works perfectly with my label maker, can't tell the difference between the OEM label tape and this compatible label tape.
I made this my polaroid guest book at my wedding. It was perfect for people to glue their polaroid and write a message. Two people could write and stick their photo per page.
quality we were looking for
This are better than i expected. Really good material!
Works well, good duty cycle, quiet, easy to empty
Have not install the wall ceiling mount yet
Makes great prints/copies.
I got this for work as I'm constantly taking notes but only need to reference them for a couple weeks before I don't need them anymore. This notebook exceeds my expectations. One day I even left it in my hot car during the day. When I saw it after a full day of work I was nervous all of my notes would be gone, but they were just fine. Great purchase and great price!
This product works well on smooth and clean surfaces. It holds the weight of the pictures, fabrics and small tools I've hung with it. I would recommend this product as long as you dont use it on textured surfaces
Easy to assemble. Right height. Fast delivery. Rolls with ease.
This is my second VARIDESK, I had one at my last job and got this one for my current one. I have severe lower back pain and this makes it possible for me to work from the office four days a week. I've looked at a lot of brands and this is by far the easiest to use and my favorite. We may be getting more for our new office.
As expected. I love these little notepads to keep info in. Fits into my pocket or purse
Replaced my current iPad mini cases for my littles with this guy. Super durable. My kids love it. Easy to carry around. Unobstructed access to charging port, power button, and headphone jack.
I love this machine. This is my third Brother all-in-one, and I've been very happy with all of them. I run a small business and this machine works for us with very few issues. Multiple employees share this machine and we're all glad to have it.
Priced well compared to buying at office store. Works just as well on my ptouch
Item is as described. The clipboards come in 3 colors, are durable and work as expected. No issues! They even have a little metal slot which lifts up and gives you the ability to hang the clipboard.
Good stuff. Nice product. Great colors.
Easy to assemble once you get the hang of it. A little pricey but these boxes make it so much easier to carry when you're living on the 3rd floor of an apartment.
Ordered for ladies prison ministry. So thankful to get them.
Great product for the price
Use this at work because the color really stands out in the file.
Perfect for keys and larger items. It can be heard from far away, even in a toy storage bin within the toy cabinet! Not at all cumbersome for keys that are often deep in the bottom of the bag or carried throughout the house by our toddler. Like that it comes with adhesive or key ring to attach each tracker and only one remote to use for 4 different trackers so you don't have to decide which is the most important item to track for the same price as one or two trackers
I like having a variety of fidgets for my students. This set has a nice variety for them to choose from. The quality of these products is good and makes me feel like they will last awhile. Not like some of the cheaper made things out there.
Is it possible to LOVE an envelope? Apparently so...because I LOVE these! The self-adhesive is strong enough to keep the envelope shut and the brown kraft paper is light enough so you can write the recepient & return address with a regular ball point pen. Great product!
Birthday card for an 8-year-old boy that is all about the Avengers....he loved it!
Just as described. Perfect for pricing small items.
Just received...easy to assemble.
They work great. Just what I was looking for! I would order again if I need more.
Size, 9 and 1/2 very convenient. Excellent product.
I love these ,The are so easy to use and very light and easy to carry also, mini and great to keep in my purse too. Love them!
I buy this same calendar every year. January - December. Plenty of space to write. Love it!
Very nice case for notepad, well constructed and looks fantastic.
Omg! I absolutely love this cart!!!! It helps me with laundry, groceries, shopping bags even used it to move some of my stuff when I moved love love love this!!!!!!
Purchased them for my bedroom. It's great, nice large numbers easy to see at night.
After my cheap company branded ID/access card retractor broke I decided to get something more heavy duty. So far, this has been perfect for holding a combination of an HID access card and a couple keys on my belt. Yes, it's pretty big, and could definitely handle a lot more weight. The build quality offsets the heft in my opinion.
Perfect phone for my mother in law. She loves it (and she's hard to please!!)
Awesome cat pens that I gave to my daughter to. My daughter really likes the designs and she uses them every day sense. They all worked great.
My gazebo in backyard has metal surface and these hooks were perfect for hanging outdoor string lights. Strong and sturdy.
I have seen and bought this very practical thing on the internet. Normally the carpet at home is always very easy to move. With this rug, which is now fixed, it is more comfortable and it is quite easy to fix some things.
I was skeptical about this nano tape at 1st. I have found many uses for it around my house where I was stumped as to how I was going to hang or stick an item to a surface without damaging the item or the surface I was sticking it to. I like that this listing comes with 2 rolls of tape. I have utilized it the most in the nursery as I want to keep things up put of reach from my toddler and infant. I've even used it inside my diaper pail by sticking an air freshener to the lid with this tape and with the constant opening and closing of the pail I have been able to eliminate the majority of odor by doing this! I used it in our bedroom for our ceiling fan remote and stuck it on the wall next to my bedside lamp so I no longer have to search for it! There have been many uses so far and I continue to find more uses! I really like this stuff.
I've only had it a week but so far great.
Big numbers easy for elderly people
Fast and easy to use
Just remember there is a clear plastic on the dry erase board that has to be peeled off before using markers. Love the product
fits under the desk- well made- worth the money and bought two to go under my desk- great set up
Better price than our local store and great quality
Perfect, just perfect!! The 80 year old man that received this Trump card actually believes that President Trump sent it to him for his birthday!! We haven't told him any different!! Love it!!
Great little cart. Does it's job without a fuss
I buy these several times a year! Love them!
Print is easy to read, leather is durable, stitching is well done
Plan to use these on a reward chart and they're perfect for that. Not quite as heavy as I thought they'd be paper wise but not a big deal.
Love this notebook and all of the others - also great service - arrived in no time!
Easy to hold and a fun conversation piece! I bought these for our office and clients love them! 👍🏻
Gotta admit I expected lower quality, but I'm pleased to say I was very pleasantly surprised when I opened them up! They seem very well built and not fragile at all! Can't complain!
This is my first choice of only two brands I buy. This is bright, consistently clean, beautifully packed, rarely jams, and it's without lots of embedded bits and flaws. I like the Android print app they make; I get better options for my printer than its manufacturer. And did I mention that the paper rarely jams?
I have had no problems with this brand unlike other brands.
This graph paper can be multipurpose in a classroom to be used for graph pictures, charts or just scratch paper. Overall, I'm pleased with the purchase as I am putting it to good use in my classroom.
These markers are perfect for entertaining children with a white board. I teach a Pre-school class at least once a month, and drawing on the white board is always one of their favorite activities. They can create a masterpiece, and when they're done, wipe it and start all over. I've purchased A LOT of brand name dry erase markers over the years, and they seem to dry out pretty quickly, but these have not shown a trace of drying out yet even though they have been used....A LOT!
Works well for my business cards
These are painted leather notebooks. A two clamp notebook with a brownish color thick craft paper sheets. I think an a5 size. They have a clear vinyl 3 credit card page and a clear vinyl envelope page. Cute as can be for the price. They smell of leather, too. I bought two, the bird and the hydrangea.
Just changed out my black ink and put this one in. As usual works great.
We have boughten this brand of ink multiple times and it has always worked for our printer!
Works on everything!
Found myself casually perusing ornamental rugs when I came across this beauty and decided to pull the trigger. So far Im really satisfied with the purchase. It looks good, feels better, and welcomes my wrist home every day. 10/10 for the money. I would trust this mousepad in my family home.
Luv the colors easy identified task by colors!
The highlighters are easy on the eyes, however the bleed through is a little over the top.
I love them something always different to send my jewelry in my business
I blindly picked these, as I was looking for eyeglass/tablet/phone wipes larger than what I had. Glad I did, they're very nice. I normally don't leave reviews, decided to on this purchase because I was not only impressed w/the product, the follow up email from the company's support team was great, too.
Only had 2 reams of paper.
The item was packaged really well and it was in great condition. I'm very pleased with the look and it is actually better then the seller described. or leave your honest review to the product review link below? It takes just a few seconds.
I gave this business card holder to my associate who recently moved to the "corner office." He loved the modern look and feel of the holder. I would definitely recommend this, and am so happy that I purchased it.
Works like a charm! Easy set up, very fast and nice prints.
I use these a ton in my classroom. They hold a lot and the magnetic strength is great.
Well made and protective. We use these to save insurance card info from rubbing off against other card in wallet.
As someone who uses her ipad quite frequently, I needed a case that would offer a durable protection with flexibility to suit whatever need I had. After looking for quite some time, I have found this case which has made me very happy. The instructions are clear, the product feels very solid, and I am relieved to find a case that all my needs. Typing has been easy and I am very happy with my purchase.
Beautiful. High quality. I am very happy with the item.
Best investment ever!
So much fun! Great quality!
Love it for my photography portfolio! Clean & simple for presenting to clients
Very solid material and easy to put it together. This is very good for my heavy books.
These are the most incredible brushes. Trust me the three sizes are the best for line work and fill! Love this!
Packaged separately which is a must, quick shipping, Perfect for table top messaging for the reunion.
This pen writes so smoothly it's a joy to use.
I shared with my friends. They loved the pen. Writes smooth and is also not a cheap ballpoint pen.
Have not used yet but the will work. Thank you
Gets the job done. Cheap and functional. Very sturdy
Works very easy and does a great job. Thank you
Works good-easy battery replacement.Large buttons easy to see & use.
Very sturdy. The retractable spring is very strong.
It was ok everything came as the picture
Works great! Saved me from buying new phones
Great product. Solid construction and hangs up easily with great directions and screws included. Looks good too. And very reasonable price. Would order again
Great for the price, do as they should.
Bought this to put underneath my bird's playground. It makes cleaning up after the bird so super easy. Even though the mat is on top of carpet, it still functions. Good design, solid materials, overall a wonderful buy.
These work well in our hospital, great for organizing
Cartridges work well and are long lasting!
This is my favorite pen and I am glad to find refills. They work just fine and make a tiny dent in the environment.
Nice size great for measuring and cutting
Very cute thank you cards and the animal pictures are simple yet whimsical. Good quality and adorable!
Great price good quality
Beautiful set of markers for a great price. Cases are convenient for organizing colors. Lids are tight at first but loosen after the first opening. I used a rubber jar opener to pull and twist and that worked well, even with my old arthritic hands. Love the brush tips. Can go from detail to broader areas with ease. Beautiful used alone or layered with prismacolor pencils.
I love that it shows the month at a glance and weekly. There are places for notes, travel plans, passwords, address etc. The stickers and folder to hold papers are a bonus.
better than I expected still working after a month well worth the price
This is beautiful and I love that its both a chalk board and a magnetic board!
Really like it. Recommend
These cards are beautiful, my friends loved them!
My friend loved this gift!
Toner was good and in right price needed. No issues while changing toner also.
Love the size of it that it holds all of my equipment and I have it all in one space. The two things that I wish were different is the inside compartments and the back wheels. I wish the compartments were made with something other than mesh because things tend to hang on them, and I wish the back wheels were a little larger to hold the bag off the ground when pulling; it tends to drag a bit, in my opinion.
I use these all of the time and wouldn't think to go anywhere else to purchase them. It is a great buy on a great product!
Really good looking desk, was exactly what I was expecting.
Great pointing unit. Bought it for that purpose but excited to use as backup power charger. Unexpected bonus.
Card is well constructed and the dragon is great.
I have not used it yet - but purchased based on positive reviews.
These ink cartridges are great for the Jinhao Fountain pens. Easy to install and have great writing flow, they don't last a long time so using for short notes or signatures is best use but they are cheap refills.
Great for kids to learn how to write thank you cards
Used these stickers to make a birthday chart for my classroom. They were the perfect size and looked so cute! Highly recommend these stickers.
CAUTION, Product is awkward and heavy you will need two people to hang. It only came with concrete ceiling anchors. You will have to purchase wall anchors separately if that's how you choose to hang it. The remote screen is very convenient.
These are my favorite pens ever.
Beautiful artwork, squares are big enough for writing in.
Terrific stand for TVs on low furniture. Perfect!
Makes a satisfying sound that my students love.
Very cute design and motivational and inspirational quotes. Also not specific to year so it can be reused.
Easy to assemble and looks nice on my desk.
These arrived on Saturday. I used them for the first time last night. I put the caps on them FIRMLY and returned them to the box. Today when I went to use them again, it seemed as if they're almost completely dry. I was absolutely certain to take good care of these and they're still completely unsatisfactory. :(
I am a teacher and use a LOT of pencils. The pencils do not get chewed up in the sharpener and have a nice point on it I highly recommend this sharpener.
A very pretty green. Love the extra fine tip. Smooth writing. Nice pens.
They work very well.
I sign and document a lot of paperwork at work and these pens are flawless! Love how smooth they write
Love it that it's a recycled product. Great quality and lasts as long as the commercial brands. Will definitely buy again
Does what it's supposed to. Great price.
I love this door rack!! It has plenty of room for neat I need it for.
My daughter loves it
Used it for my Brother P-Labeler and it works great!
These older model phones are newly made and have excellent sound quality. They work only on a land line, which is why I bought them. Two for the price of one is always a nice bonus!
Very heavy nice cart for mom
This shipment came fast! These are NOT knockoffs. They are manufactured under license that allows use of the PARKER brand & logo, according to Parker specs. They write great and feel great while hand writing. I usually only use CROSS Classic, but I plan to give them a rest and go with these for every day carry in my shirt pocket. If the cartridges leak, I'll let you know. Can't beat the price!!!
My stapler works better with these.
Love my calendar!! The only thing I'm not crazy about is the book mark. It's made to go around the rings to stay in place but it's a pain that way. I just stick it in between pages without attaching it. A lot easier. Other than that, it's perfect for my needs.
Magnet is really strong and stayed on without damaging clothes. Highly recommend!!
Works great! Haven't had any issues - is a perfect solution to hunching over my laptop. You would definitely want a separate keyboard and mouse to use this.
So very cute...Sepia tone vintage post cards....I used them back to back as part of a centerpiece...I used them in a stand that had a suitcase base! Perfect for a travel themed party ....Good quality cards!
very satisfied with this journal!
Seems to due as expected
Love this product! Three glasses of varying magnification that fit into one hand-held holder. The LED light is an added plus.
Really nice stand and it works as good as it looks.
Great clips, they work perfectly on my cube walls. The pin parts pull back to be safe as well.
Just received this but am very pleased.
These are great little magnets.
Performs as expected.
Good quality as expected with five-star products.
my son loved reading these!
I got this to put my home base for cordless sets on with an Ooma underneath, freeing up some space on the desktop. It's a little larger than needed, but the quality is great, and price is right. In the end, it does what I wanted it to.
I bought this as a gift since the person I bought it for has been using one similar to this for 2018.
The ink works well and the price is great!
Messy but it did work
Product arrived on time and worked as expected. Quality of item was high.
Worked like brand new. Easy to set up. Easy to print.
Perfect for small office under the desk
Works great. Purchased several others for the office after receiving this product.
Easy to install,works great!
Have only installed it, have not used it yet. Ir was installed easily.
Carries a good amount of stuff
The way that your product holds heavy objects securely. It was just what I needed.
Holds more than it looks like it can take. They are not highly visible in the room
So I'm cursed with short legs and my tall boyfriend just doesnt understand how awesome it feels to have legs up on something. Was skeptical on how this would really work in the plane but wow it was quick set up, sturdy, nice little travel bag. And most important comfortable Legs!!!! I even take this on 45min flights!!!!! Was reviewing several Other products but ended up getting this one. And happy I did!!
These scissors are very comfortable to use and maneuver well around small items. I use them for fussy cutting images for cardmaking and they work very well. No jagged edges like some more expensive named brand scissors I purchased.
THE FIVE SHEET PACK CAME AT A GREAT PRICE. MATERIAL HOLDS IT'S SHAPE WELL. VERY GOOD QUALITY. GREAT FOR SIGNS!
Worked perfectly every time.
This laptop/tablet stand is well constructed and holds the laptop great. Definetley worth the money and it is appealing.
We bought this for the office and print in color as needed. It is fantastic! Very reliable and the toner is as affordable as possible for color toners. There are times when it is so nice to print flyers in colors to grab students' attention. HP makes great office machines and Amazon has really good prices. We use a huge copier for our big copy jobs but this for when we want color.
Always use these never dissatisfied
This item is awesome, wish I had found it sooner.
It is so hard to find the perfect Bible highlighter! These are great and even though they aren't the best I have ever used they are great quality and a good solid product.
Very very professional packaging an optimal quality A +. I recommend 100% excellent quality.
Exactly what I needed to keep receipts in order
My daughter used these for grad thank you and they worked perfect to say Thanks!!
Good lines good quality
We are using these for passes at an elementary school. After one semester of daily use they still look great. We are so glad we spent a little extra and got these heavy duty, well made ones. The plastic is a nice thickness, and all of the sleeves were functional.
Delivered on time quality product!
We love it ! Sturdy enough for home use-- have med thick carpeting - very happy with product which came in large box- not rolled up.
I was astonished you could get a new printer for the cost of original ink cartridges. I was about to buy a new printer when I came across these. They work good just hope they hold up.
Super sturdy. Love that all my documents fit so nicely. I feel that my beloved photos will be safe. Huge weight taken off my shoulders
I was worried this would not get here on time for Christmas. It came on Saturday. It was beautifully done! Great job and workmanship. In addition, the seller kept in contact during the transit and followed up with contact to be sure I received it and I liked it. Excellent customer service! Would gladly do business again with this seller.
Perfect size.just what I expected.
I love farmhouse modern design, and such design style focuses on using neutral, natural materials to make practical decorations for the home. This rope will be a perfect way to improve decor I currently have! I already wrapped it around the bottom half of a lampshade to add some texture and unique appeal, and today I plan to use it to wrap around a vase that is a see-through glass material. It is much thicker than the normal twine you could purchase at a craft store, and the fact that there is 50 feet means that I can use this for many upcoming projects. So happy with this :)
The body is light and small, the recording quality is clear and the noise reduction effect is good.It also has enough time to record the sound of people on stage clearly in the theater, and filter out the surrounding noise, even if there is a sudden loud sound will be filtered out.
My son the cat lover wanted these for school. Even though his teacher sent them back and made us buy standard Mead marble covers, we find that they're are great for BuJo (Bullet Journaling) and for any type of note taking. The paper weight is good and I have no bleed through yet. They arrived with a very cute little card from the seller, which was an unecessary but surprisingly effective touch. I would definitely buy these again.
Cute pens, they came in a color scheme of green, blue, white, and black. There are 5 of each design. 5 out of 6 of them are black and one of are blue. They are fine point and write pretty well. They do smudge pretty easily until they dry. The blue doesn't seem to write as well the black or that's just my opinion. Also some have writing on them. Some phrase make sense but others don't. “Light up your life” vs. “The bread will have”
This recorder fits perfectly in my hand. It also came with a charging cable and earbuds. It was very easy to learn to use and my kids even figured it out. You can save the files as .mp3 or .wav. An added bonus is that you can use the recorder as an 8GB MP3 player. The volume is phenomenal and the playback very clear.
They tear off clean at the top every time! The weight of the paper is heavier than the standard fare at Staples, which prevents bleed through. I highly recommend this product. Regards, Larry P. Burton II
Love the fabric, which it was available in other size though!
nice, good buy on this
Easier to peel backing off than the original from Brother!
Exactly what I needed and work great! Love the colors as they brighten up my full grey cubicle.
Only used one, but it seemed fine. Be nice if you could buy less than 100.
I got this for work, perfect to keep all my papers and business cards in one area, durable good quality leather.
Hard to find these. Love it
Fits my projector nice crisp picture
I love it perfect for making slime one thing is I left it in a drawer with the planting seal of the lid was on but it did leak I still love the product
I was worried about it breaking at the tip, but this thing is light and fun to use! No problems here, the tip mechanism is amazing at keeping my tip sharp, so my sketches are always neat and clean!
These envelopes are of a nice quality. The tape on the back is a bonus.
I have tried so many of these types of cases and this is the only one that is big enough for all my wallet stuff. I love that the magnet is strong that my phone won't fall out but that I can separate the phone from the wallet as needed. I only wish it came in more/better colors.
Easy to use and efficient
These are super cute! The chalk pen works great. It removes easily with a damp napkin and the labels stick great on containers. I did want to use some labels on fabric bins and although the labels looked cute on the fabric bins sadly the labels fall off.
Happy with this product thanks you
Beautiful! Very useful and the magnet is strong enough to hold the pad! Loved it
I have purchased this brand twice for my printer and they have worked very well.
I tried a bottle of this for my lab/boxer mix since he would get anxious while I am at work. My neighbors were complaining about his whining, and I figured he just missed me so I tried this. I have been using the bottle for a week so far and my dog has never been more CHILL. Swear he's smiling right now too. My neighbors said they haven't heard any whining either. Great Product!
Cute design, comfortable grip, writes smoothly... I bought for the fun and novelty of flamingo, but turned out to be a great pen, too.
These hooks look really great in our farmhouse! I've been looking for something like this and this is really a good find. Quite sturdy
Great price for the item. Had it for a few months now and I'm still happy with the purchase.
Versatile tin. I have 30 half pans of watercolor paint in the top layer, held in with magnetic tape added to the pans. The lower section holds water brush, pencil, pen, and travel brush. The inside of the lid serves as a mixing palette. Nice design, nice set up, win win.
I love how this came as a 2 pack as I am the definition of accident prone. After 2 weeks of installion my screen cracked. Well the protector did. The tablet still works without any issues and when the damage becomes too much to bare, I have another to use! Win Win!
This is my second purchase. I'm stocking up using these label refills. I'm very happy. I tried one pack to see if they were good, and they blew me away how good they were at a fraction of the price of the OEM brother branded labels. I strongly recommend them, and I'm telling all my friends to buy these.
Just wish it was cheaper in price. Never an issue with this brand of tape.
Love these folders. Easy to know what I am looking for by looking on the outside
What a solid pair. The microphone is great! I use this with my phone and people tell me I sound very good
FOR OFFICE USE, GOOD
great product. I use these to secure my expensive glassware (I'm a collector) to my table top/ display stands in my living room. I have tested this to be true; if you use 4 pieces of Velcro on a 5 lb glass sculpture, with it securely velcroed to my 3' , 3" display stand and you shove the table over the glass sculpture stays in place on the table. however my four foot stand didn't go so hot.... R.I.P.. BUT however there has never been a product like this that came even close to satisfying my strange NEED to secure my glass ware to my table.
Came in the mail pretty quickly. Nice looking. Love using it. Quality.
Loved everything about these
I love the pretty cover, the inspirational verses, and the organization of this planner. It also helps that it is 18 months!
These clips work great, came in great condition and look very nice
Exactly as described. Quick shipment. Pleased with purchase
This ink is a really good deal and love it
Kaboom works well with my very hard water, better than any other product I've tried.
These hooks work great for my boutique I have. I am able to hang scarves and different things from them including purses. They take up less space and last forever. The quality is excellent and so is the price!
This thing is a beast...careful this will remove things from your desk-table-counter...whatever, yes it's that powerful & I love it! If it had a 3 ft. attachment I could use it in the yard...LOL! Seriously, I use it also to blow the porches down now as well! Prime Shipped!
everything was great
A friend recommended this screen to me and after seeing his set up I purchased this screen. Very light easy to set up and just as easy to put away. I was worried that there would be creases in it even tho they say it's foldable but there were none. The hooks and other accessories they provide make it really simple.
Hold cards she uses it every day
I am a person that has a problem lifting, and this IS the answer... Move things with ease, sooooooo happy I oredered it and use it often
I just love this necklace for work. It's long enough for me to reach my door scanner at work and looks great with all styles of clothing from dressy to casual. There is a small ring at the end of the chain before the hook that I use to hook by reading glasses on when I walk away from my desk. Great quality and great style!!
I'll homeschooling and have been looking for a way to keep track of my child's work and a calendar to keep notes. This is absolutely perfect!
Beautiful pen, wants to turn in my fingers, is the only issue. But I use it and would order again... nice writing pen
I love this item! I went on full blown picture hanging when I got this. Very easy to install if your good with a hammer or a tac hammer.
These are beautiful and excellent quality!
I like that it did not smear.
Use it in a fifth wheel camper to light up a shower area. (Not in shower itself!) Very bright.
Awesome buy will order again
Purchased for my son's math class. Great price for the set. The rulers are made of durable plastic, edges can be a little sharp so be careful!
It's perfect for my office, at the same time to decorate my desk, is functional
Wow did I save some money. Great product.
Just what I was looking for. I was able to glue to a poster board so my grandson could put on his bedroom wall and especially so he could put pins in as to locations of WW11 battle sites. i did not want paper or a laminated map as the pins would not stay. It worked great. Initially I was disappointed that it had creases, where it was folded, but once glued on the board the creases were no noticeable. IT WAS 3 DAYS LATE IN ARRIVING, EVEN WITH PRIME.
I got this for my HOH grandma, and she loves it! She always had a hard time listening on the phone, but not anymore! I recommend this phone to anyone who is HOH, it works great
We love these silky crayons. They go on so incredibly smooth. The colors are very bright and bold. They are great!
haha.. they're pins!! run with it!!
Great notebooks. Got 3 of them. Superb quality without any branding or 'inspirational' messages. Hard to find nice squared notebooks like this.
This pen clip looks very beautiful. It makes my work easy and neat. Recommendable
Super happy with the product. Maybe a little of work to remove the plastic wrap around it but I don't care as long as it holds, and it does really really well!
I have used these for years
I love these bookends! They are perfect for my movies, looks great on my tv stand!
Excellent quality pen. What I have come to expect from Waterman.
Exactly what I wanted.
I use this product for Karaoke and for movies
Sound recording quality, excellent record resolution and two noise reduction microphones.Main feature voice recognition: when the sound comes, the recorder will automatically begin recording, and can set it to start recording at the specified time.The recording pen is in the middle of the standard, 8GB of memory, the recording time is very long, the recording effect is good, no noise.Super long recording sessions for concerts and lectures.
These have always been my favorite and I couldn't be more pleased to find such variety at a great price! They also come in a retractable form but I prefer the caps. The ink is smooth, fine, and just the right weight--doesn't bleed. I use them for day-to-day writing myself in addition to math tutoring for students on graph paper. The extra-fine point combined with the graph paper keep student notes neat and easy for them to reference later. We do a practice problem with one color, their own problem set in a different color, and then a third color to go back and write the proper answers/work beside the student work. I highly recommend these pens!
First cartridge in worked perfectly. Thanks for the excellent price!
3 colored ink, it's got 3 colors..... 3 FREAKING COLORS!!!!
I am absolutely recommending this to people who travels a lot and for people who have lots of charging gears. But i hope they make a bigger one but this thing is really convenient.
Many compliments on my Christmas cards. Sturdy and beautiful. Well worth it.
Easy to use and good quality for all the crafting that I have done
Just what I wanted,shipped fast ,would recommend it
They look perfect. Will continue to purchase them.
I'm impressed with it. It's easy to install and keeps its place. I'd buy again if I have another locker to store.
Given to a gift as a teacher, who loved these pens
I was very happy to find these ink cartridges available for my calculator. Price was very fair and received them in a good amount of time. Packaging was great. I have installed one and my calculator is good to go. Would purchase again.
Works great for one it was needed for came with a lot of helpful tools
speedy service and affordable also.
These were actually cheaper than plain poly bags at the time of purchase so that was a plus. They've held up well are easy to use and customers always compliment on how cute the package is.
Works great for the new weight watchers plan.
Wundermax Doorstops are high-quality doorstops that generate enough friction to hold a door open on a smooth tiled floor. I tried the old brown ones that have been around for years but they easily slip on a tiled floor.
Works great for cleaning after printer sat unused for several months.
Suction is excellent and holds all.of the items I ended to store differently in my kitchen and bathroom.
This calendar kit added cuteness to my classroom!
Good quality paper and a hard cover to support it.
Tons of great items super helpful with school shopping
Ink cartridges work perfect in my printer. Good product.
They are the perfect size and super fashionable! Great for sending jewelry!
Great quality for the price. Installed with no issue and were instantly recognized by the printer. First few prints look great. Vivid color and sharp black. Definitely recommend!
Well made product at an affordable price.
These cards are excellent quality and very reasonably priced. The thank you stickers that go on the back of the envelopes really dresses them up.
Nice maps of the world and USA. Good for teaching kids about geography. Great gift.
I absolutely love this cart! Don't know what I would do without it. So true to the description. I recommend.
This pen is beautiful. It is weighted well and writes smoothly without effort. I love the color (green) - it is a vibrant shade. I also order the cartridges. It took about 30 seconds of gentle shaking to get the ink to flow, but once it did, I was writing away! I am very happy with this purchase. This pen would make a wonderful gift.
It is a great helper in recording. It is multifunctional both as a recorder and a MP3 player. It's easy to connect to computer and backup to the files.
I often work from home often and my desk is not setup correctly for my laptop so that I have to constantly lower my neck to work. Was told by a coworker to get this one to increase the hight so my eyes will be leveled with pc. So far works well and neck not hurting much. Wish knew earlier.
Gifted to my daughter. Beautifully crafted. A journal that will last a lifetime.
Bought this for my son's birthday. It pairs seamlessly with his tablet and is very comfortable. It's no lightweight either! A little heavy, but very durable!
Great way to help the kiddos with structure and schedules. Also allows you to keep track of a few things as well. I do wish it had more daily life applicable magnets. But otherwise we like it.
I often use these for shipping my prints and they almost always arrive unharmed and in good shape. I had only a couple of incidents (out of hundreds) where the print was damaged, but that is likely due to USPS's rough handling and not the fault of the tube.
If you are looking for a highly configurable, dual monitor mount, VIVO provides this dual arm stand at a great cost and with just about any configuration that you might need across a horizontal axis. I have attached two pics, one showing assembled and the second showing the arms mounted with two 32" monitors. Once you have the monitors at the appropriate angle, orientation and spacing, just tighten the hex bolts and enjoy. The mount comes with cable management, two types of desk mounting options and the universal attachments fit easily on my monitors.
I bought these as replacement leads for my 3 sons mechanical pencils. They go through lead quickly and I don't want to continue to have to buy hundreds of mechanical pencils to trash each year. The are tons of lead pieces in this package! They come packaged neat and look sturdy. They aren't flimsy and don't write super light like others. Get these, you won't regret it. Our household loves them!
Comfortable and quick delivery
Small but sure, easy to mount in small places.
very cute, exactly as it was described.
Very durable. Great deal for the price.
I have used planners for years and wanted to try something to kickstart me into new habits. So far this is a great tool to help.
This is the best laptop stand I've ever had. Its sturdy, looks good and very easy to transport. Great value for your money.
The quality of the workmanship is great. It's a little pricey but if you can find them on sale its worth it.
This is really a nice, large set of glitter gel pens. I have many different sets and these rank right up there, as being one of my favorite sets!! I use them in my daily planner, for scrapbooking, and adult coloring. The pens are very juicy with a nice flow. I just wish they had color names on the barrels.
The led puck lights are very useful for me. I put them (6 in the box) by the side of the beds and in the bathrooms in my home. It works very well. You need to put 3 AAA batteries in it. You just press it to turn it on or off. I also like the remote controls. They are very useful, too. You can change the brightness. It's a very simply idea, but definitely a great design. It brings a lot of convenience to my life. So I highly recommend it.
Just as described, great purchase, very happy!
I am a satisfied customer, I draw and I use it to highlight, works fine
This remote caddy is the best!! It's on my night stand, it doesn't take up much room. I don't have search for the remote because they're all together in the caddy. It's definitely worth the money!!!
Thank you for your awesome service!!
Works great and this is my 2nd order. Good quality and also speed of Printing. Recommend this product!
Since wearing this, I've noticed my butt fat slowly disappear (Thank God!). They do make you sweat, but not like in the picture. The sweat just absorbs if you like, which I much prefer. The fit is perfect and I wear them when I do Cardio or training legs.
I was very excited to find Fine Point pens that were not gel. Unfortunately I was a little disappointed when 2 of the pens were medium point. I will use them of course and keep looking for more fine point pens in fun colors.
nice pencils. Sharpened and not too short. Perfect for what I needed.
Still using it to pack up house. Delivery was fast , Happy with purchase.
These stickers are perfect. You can erase what you've written and easily remove them to re-situate or use them for something else. The marker isn't the best, but they're cheap so you can always buy a different one. I love them!!
Super soft and the blue color is perfect! The mouse works over it just fine. Just what we were looking for.
I love it. It's good quality and very pretty.
I can't believe the cost of this beautiful handmade product - from the embossed leather cover to the lovely closure to the handmade paper. It feels like handling a sketch pad from the 18th and 19th centuries. The paper has texture and I believe it will be perfect for charcoal sketches, quick watercolor washes, and nature studies. I purchased two more as gifts for like-minded friends, but I might just keep them for myself!
Exact replacement for component in my mini cooler/heater. Went in easily and performs just like the original.
Loved it! So very cute!
My first review of the toner cartridges said "The Print was not sharp black". I received an email from the company offering both a full refund and 2 new toner cartridges. I have received both. I will update my review again after I've tried one of them. I did not contact the company to complain. The company contacted me. I believe that says something good about LxTek. Last Update: I tried one of the new toner cartridges. It works fine.
This is amazing! Bought it for my boyfriends birthday! Clear cover is still on in picture.
Very nice book. Fits in my purse.
purchased as a gift for my daughter, a beekeeper in WA state. she loves it!
Bought this for my church. It works great.
I love this laminator! I use it to laminate preschool pages for my kiddo so they last longer and so far it has not disappointed me. The quality of the pouches are great and hold up well with my little guy. The laminator is quiet and fast. It is super light weight and easy to maneuver. This is exactly what I was looking for.
Finally laminating pages that are worth owning and don't cost too much. Seems like everything is 3 mil and I finally found these 5 mil and it makes a huge difference. If I wanted my pages to be Full of little bubbles and flimsy, I would have gone with 3 mil. Love Skip the way these look and the way that they laminate things for good
Have a good arrangement for my data line!
This is the best dy-sub printer in the industry. Quick. About 30 seconds Shiny and clear prints. Rugged. Zero drying time.
it worked great and great service
I like the big space for the date area. Gives you plenty of room to write on.
I really liked using these thank you's after our wedding. I think they looked great and were a great price. I would absolutely purchase again in the future.
These are great tools to apply wood glue without worrying about the glue residue in the brushes or tray... being made of silicon, they're really easy to clean.
Matches the office decor and works
Perfect for the office
Ready for my 3 kids back to school. So powerful and quick ! Work great !
perfect for doing online homework
different colored ink as well as cute!
This cork board is huge!! It is lightweight and appears to be very sturdy. It was easy to install and looks great. I needed it in my art studio for posting my design ideas.
Seems like authentic ink!
The best ball pen I never used before! so light and fits well in my hand definitely buy it again. Also very cheap!
After having a plastic mat for hardwood floors, this is great. Have tile floors, and with other mats, near injurious slippage caused. This product does not slip. Only drawback is the length could be longer. I didn't see any other sizes. Love the way it feels to the feet.
To early to tell, I think it will be good
Fast turnaround with this vendor. I love Sheaffer pens and this one did not disappoint.
Very convenient, fast delivery
My daughter loves these
Looks great! Adds some great color to the office
I loved the card I'm so happy I ordered it. Thanks!
These pens have nice pointy tips that last!! Great eraser and cleaner, too!!
I have to say that I really love this thing! It's going to come in very handy for me! The only flaw I can even come up with is that it's a bit difficult pulling it open to expand the work top, but aside from that, it's perfect for what I needed it for. I like that it has 4 different cut settings. Perforated will probably be the most used!
Came on time and is great for the price. Colors are strong and vibrant. Easy to refill my pilot frixion pens and are long lasting.
Very pleased with this purchase. Great product for those who want to start a bullet journal. Love the bright color, extra bookmark and pocket in the back.
Nice thick cards with decent envelopes! I definitely got what I paid for!
Very brilliant screen even with the lights on. 2 hdmi outlets awesome. The fan is very LOUD.
To display menus for residents at nursing home
Really good product. It does all the complex numbers calculations.
My laser mouse works great on it,material is very comfortable. Laser mouse seems to work flawlessly on it.
Wonderful Tape in a large variety of Colors .. All the tape Sticks Great and Stay in place!! Highly recommend this Tape!
Cards arrived exactly as expected, good quality and definitely a good value for what you get. Hoping these will carry us through the whole wedding!
I love this pen so much that I bought one for home after using one at work. It's the perfect weight, writes smoothly, and doesn't feel cheap or flimsy like a lot of pens that have multiple ink color options.
Durable, good quality.
This is Scotch tape. It is a standard that other tapes are compared to. Packed well, arrived on time, and works very well.
I re-paste glossy paper over Funko Pops for customs and this holds great.
Tags are a convenient size, easy to use, and are a great price. Arrived quickly.
This was a great investment for the money. I never adjust the height based on previous reviews and keep it in a standing position. One suggestion to the company is give the consumer the option for adding a sliding keyboard tray. I had to pay a carpenter to do this for me. It greatly enhanced the desk.
Thought it was lost and found it in my mailbox a fee days later but a great product.
Exactly what I was looking for .
Good hooks, nothing special just hooks. They are as described.
The paper quality is fantastic and is good for everything from everyday to business-level printing. The one thing to note is that the ream of paper is only 400 sheets whereas the standard ream will come with 500. Overall, still a great value!
Great folders. Durable, colorful, and perfect for storing individual assignments.
Love this product - buy one every year!
Recipient loved it. Thought I made it myself.
If you have a first aid kit, this is a must have item! I've never had to use it on a human, but My dog cut one of his pads really bad and I used this to control the bleeding. Applied liberally and put on a dressing. Took him to the vet next morning for sutures.
The letter board arrived well packaged and complete with a wide variety of letters and symbols. The board seems durable and suitable for residential or light commercial use. I would urge buyers to utilize a pair of finger nail style clippers to trim the letters free of the frame.
Works good, it's important to match cup with ball at install for magnet to engage.
I honestly have enjoyed this clipboard. Not necessarily for the information which is still useful, but the fact that it is small and folds in half allowing me to store document while working in a busy ER. It is very reliable and holds up to the hards treatment it obtains from being dropped all the time. Great product!!
since I wrote the initial review below a couple days ago it was only 48 hours or so later that I received a replacement whiteboard that this time was perfect. I didn't ask for it or expect it, it just arrived. Now that's customer service! Thank you and expect a return customer. I'm not normally a review writer but after getting a message from the manufacturer specifically asking for an honest review and having something to talk about I gave in. The middle of the board that's a bubble a wrinkle. I thought maybe it had been twisted in shipping but it was well packed and double boxed and the frame was Not Bent so it does not look like it was a shipping issue but something wrong with that white surface that's just all wrinkled up in the middle. other than that it's exactly what I needed, lightweight and even comes with accessories.
Excellent product and fast delivery.
just received in time to replace old
I bought this pencil case for my son. He really loved it. It's very functional and useful. Design is good for boys as well.
These cards are the perfect size to pass on. They are easy to read and are very encouraging.
These are pretty decent gloves....purchased them for communion.....they are a good size....everyone was able to wear them.....a little on the thinner side, but they did not feel like too much on you ..... I will purchase again if I need gloves.
I liked this product because it is easy to peel off the backing paper. Good purchase.
works perfect, not cheap quality
these work great and are bright but they get hot very fast so I wouldn't recommend touching the metal part or the light.
very cute patch.... ironed on my daughter's Jean Jacket. She love its. I would recommend.
Just what husband was looking for.
These are beautiful earrings! They are great for a wedding or other (very) fancy occasion.
Read the reviews and so far I am satisfied with the purchase. A lot cheaper than HP ink.
I love it. Exactly what I was looking for. Glad I chose this one versus others or a wood one. Works wonderfully!
What I expected and quick delivery.
wouldnt buy anything without it
This journal is so beautiful. I am so happy with it.
Now I have enough scizzors around. I can find a pair when I want them. It was a good buy & the quality seems good to me.
This worked great for what we wanted.
I bought this calendar to gift to a friend that loves sloths. The images for each month look exactly as depicted, if not cuter in person. I can't wait to give it to her!
No need to pay more to get quality tapes for your P-Touch. These are perfectly compatible. Great value!
This item works well as described. The package comes with three variety of sizes and cute design.
This footrest has really helped for my back pain and sciatica bothering. It fits perfectly under my desk, and the density is good for keeping my posture perfect. Very comfortable and I loved the texture
These are great! I send many cards every month to elderly folks through several groups on Facebook. These cards are perfect and the unique brown envelopes are a nice touch!
Great price. It arrived really quickly, which is perfect for me. I really like its features and its design.
Worked great! Used them on my cruise to hang items in room
I bought this classic notebook for my work. The paper quality and binding is really good and perfect for to do lists. Leather hard cover is so attractive and gives a professional look. Overall, am satisfied with this purchase!
Wow, these are super strong! Love them
Makes parking my truck in the garage easy and accurately. Adhesive holds well with no movement of the guides. Well constructed.
Beautiful and lovely
This stapler is awesome! I recently had surgery to rebuild my thumb after osteoarthritis set in. Stapling with a manual stapler was rather painful and I was reluctant to use one after surgery. This electric stapler is the office supply of my dreams! Easy to set up, refill, use. Extremely good product for the price!
I will only use this generic toner for my Laser HP printer going forward. There is no difference between the HP toner and this toner. Also make sure to shake the toner properly to evenly distribute the toner. It seems not doing this properly has lead other reviewers to dislike the product. I have not experienced such a problem myself in two orders of this toners.
I can't answer longevity question honest yet as I just ordered these. In the past other brands didn't last long or hold up well. Hoping this product does.
I thoroughly enjoy a good blotter. Keeps my mouse happy, my arms relaxed, and it looks great. I recommend this to anyone looking to spruce up their desk.
Arrived fast. Works as expected. No problems here.
This is a repeat order because the first one worked so well. Still using them and expect the latest one to just as well. thanks!
This was my second set of refills.
I bought these to use on household electronics and bedroom fans. They work well, and as with all compressed gas, need a break after prolonged usage (they begin to freeze and the gas no longer sprays until it warms up). The price was right and the amount of gas I received should last me for a few years!
nice journal for anything, it does bleed with specific sharpies
Leather scissors are exactly as described. Great price. Especially like the large openings for fingers and thumbs. Cut a heavy weight leather with no trouble. Wish I had these months ago.
Works perfect in my epson printer at a fraction of the cost.
I bought the pens for my dad and he is so happy coloring mandalas.
Came in a few days after ordering. Great quality colored pencils, they are actually the real brand. I looked in store and just for the colored pencils alone it would have been $120. This would make a great gift
Thin, lightweight and easy to store. Just what I was looking for!
I bought this as a receptacle for remote controls and to keep a couple phones handy. For this it's perfect! I'm disabled and spend most of my time in bed from a bout with spinal cancer so it's extremely convenient to have items I use with great frequency all in one place. It has a nice, large, and flat profile that stays put and can't fall over with padded interior that doesn't damage or scratch the contents. Just what I needed and looks good too!
easy to install, and work just like top brand
Gorgeous! I didn't keep it because it was the wrong size for my planner, but it was absolutely beautiful!
It came out great and I can't wait to see his face when he gets it!
This is an awesome little book. I love that its hand-crafted and the price is an incredible deal.
Served its purpose. Slightly more lightweight than I expected.
I have an older phone system at work and this works perfectly! I ordered a second one for my secretary!
Great quality, super cute colors. If it weren't for the price, I'd buy ten more packs.
Print quality is excellent! Does print slow but well worth the money
Measure twice, drill once. When properly installed, keeps door knob impressions out of the walls. She very happy!
First, I was impressed that this stand matched my grey MacBook Pro so well. It looks great holding the screen up to eye level while on my desk, and leaves room for storage of a portable hard drive underneath. It appears to be built with the same sturdy materials that the MacBook Pro is, and makes my Laptop function like a home computer. I liked it so much, I bought a second one for use in another location. Reasonably priced also for the quality.
It's very comfortable. It's much more comfortable than the mouse pad before.
My favorite pen ever. Writes wonderfully, no ink boogers. I almost choked a colleague out for giving away my pen!! (In my head. In real life i cussed him out) Decided to buy a while box so I'll never run out!
Helps keep my desk neat.
Exactly what we needed to print half sets of plans.
Wonderful value for the price. Sturdy monthly planner. There are note pages and a US map which I always like to look at. Takes up little desk space. Easy to write in the date square. I would like to see a few more color options, that's it. I got this with free shipping with my free Prime trial.
The product was quickly shipped and was well packaged. This is a cheaper projector so it does not perform as efficiently as more expensive one, but it works well for what I bought it for.
super happy with this product. friend has this same item and told me about it. makes my desk top easier to work with.
FIRST THE PACKAGING IS TOP NOTCH!!...NO BENDS OR DAMAGE TO ITEMS IN BOX...SO FAR, NO PROBLEM WITH INK SETTLING INTO BOARD ITSELF...LIL'BOARD IS GREAT TO LEAVE A NOTE OR GROCERY LIST...I AM A HAPPY CAMPER!!!!
Keeps My Draw/Draft - ing Tools Organized
Because of the fantastic price I wasn't expecting much, but I am pleasantly surprised! They are awesome quality! I especially love the floral and the gold foil writing. I also love that they aren't thin so they feel and look expensive!!
These pens are cute, and they write really well. I honestly don't think there's anything negative to say about them. :)
I bought this for use in my classroom.
So far so good. Fast shipping, nicely packaged. Install them into my printer and seem to be working well. Excellent print quality at an incredible savings over OEM pricing.
Can't tell difference between these and hp, except for the price. Will buy again.
great price / great quality
This lanyard looks so much better than the standard wide material ones. It looks like a pretty necklace that just happens to hold my badge for work. My SIL saw it and now I need to go order one for her!!
Was looking for a horizontal badge holder for an upcoming convention that was appropriate to wear.... nice but not flashy. One of the few "professional looking" badge holders out there. Goes with any outfit I might wear.
Higher quality than expected
The keychain was what I expected, great
We needed this for a prop for Charley's Aunt. Looked authentic, easy for the actors to use. Perfect!
The board exceeded my expectations. Love the variety of symbols and characters. We used it as a photo prop and it was perfect.
These work perfect for my wife. She is a teacher and uses them from hanging things in her classroom to art project with the kids.
This is a very good projector. Great bang for the buck. Even in a dimly lit room picture is bright enough. Its light enough for my camera's tripod. i have been watching movies projected on the ceiling. Though the processor is not powerful enough to play 4k mkv files but 1080p files play smoothly.
I liked the size of the buttons and it is easy to use this phone even if you have arthritis. I bought it for my sister in law who is in a nursing home and she can see the buttons and use the phone easily. This was the third phone we had purchased in our effort to find one that would feed her needs.
This is our 3rd Collar of this style. The first 2 died after about 6 months of occasional use, so this one is TBD. Of the 3 this one is my favorite. I really like how it gives my dog a warning beep. The warning beep usually stops him from barking anymore, but when a neighbor dog walks by and he just can't help himself and continues to bark he gets a little shock and that does the trick. I have a 125lb Rottweiler who lives indoors, but when he goes outside he likes to patrol the fence and sometimes likes to do the annoyance bark (at airplanes, a leaf blowing by, a dog barking in the distance, etc.) so I put this on him when he goes outside for extended periods (probably 2-3 times a week for a total of 2-3 hours). I would recommend this collar.
I have always used papermate pens and I love them. I like the way they write
The gavel was purchased as a gift and was very well received and appreciated by the receiver.
The cards are great quality and I'm very pleased. I'll use them to make greeting cards. Thanks
ABSOLUTELY fantastic cell protectant cover!!Very attractive, masculine, stylish cover with clasp. Like it substantially more than I thought I would!! Durable, handsome, protecting cover!!! VERY reasonable!!!
Valuable product! It is useful and colorful! My kids love them.
Ink for my printer. Installs easily and prints as it says
This lamp is lovely, creative , good for every room. Kids love it. I recommend it.
Best feature is the ability to block calls. Very happy with the purchase!
So much more beautiful in person
This was the first pack of paper that wasn't ripped I mean it's ok that the outer layer paper is isn't in the best. The paper is great! I use it for all my orders
I've ordered multiples of this and love them. My room theme is trees/forest and they work perfect.
Even though the price was a bit much, the organizer came through! holds up what it showed in the pics with room to spare. The assembling process was a bit hard and required an electric screwdriver to make everything fit ( a little roughhousing if you will) but it's super strong now
I just received this bag a couple days ago, and it fits just what I needed. The size of the bag is great - not too big that it can't be stored in a drawer or safe, but big enough to fit everything that I need it to (I personally use it for my will, passport, and a couple of other important documents that I don't use much but that I need safe in case of a disaster). The red color is great too - it's a bright brick red that stands out in case I need to grab it in a hurry. The one suggestion I'd make is a soft lining on the inside (there's currently a heat-resistant foil inside), but I gave the bag five stars anyway because it's not a huge deal - just something that would be nice to have. Highly recommend this bag!
It arrive on time and its a good product.
It was just perfect!
I LOVE this paper! Before my review I want to address something I saw in several other reviews - people talking about the print quality. I have an inkjet printer (a cheap HP one initially and now a cheap canon pixma). The images were "fine" initially, but once I changed the print setting to highest quality it made a WORLD of difference. This made the images super crisp and clear as well as the color just so beautiful. So my suggestion would be check your printer settings. I was ordering the 100 sheets, but I love it so much I ordered the 200 sheets this time and will do so again when I need more! Quality product!
It's a good size, pretty color, and the fan has two speeds which are pretty impressive. It also doubles as a emergency charger which is cool too!
Tons of colors and great quality.
I bought this for my little brother as more of a gag gift since he is left handed and always complaining about the way notebooks are made for writing right handed, but he absolutely loved it! After using at at school for a week he asked for more! Great product for those lefties out there!
Just love them. Cute. One came cracked, but I'm still giving 5 stars because I was easily able to super glue without anyone else being able to tell. Holds old medicine, batteries, and pens. Such a cute idea.
Liked the color result and very easy to install. I am having some problem with the magenta ink blotches on the printing but that could be the printer and not the ink. Not sure at this time.
The width of this tape was exactly what I need to transfer images onto glass. This tape is not found in local stores. Accomplished what I set out to do.
This is a great deal. A nice sign that arrived in less than a week. And it didn't cost $1 million :-)
I have seen a countless amount of reviews/videos on this pen and how well it writes, and I have to say, it is nothing short of what most reviews have to say about this wonderful writing instrument. For the past week I have been using this pen to annotate a book for one of my classes and it performs perfectly on various papers; smooth, enjoyable, and overall a pleasure to hold in the hand. I don't see any issues with the feed and how it handles ink so far. This pen looks like it is built to last, despite how little I've owned it for. It has withstood the span of time, and I'm sure it will do that for not just me, but you as well.
These are my favorite planners! I get one every year.
We use 11 x 17 card stock to make posters and have found it difficult to find the size in the weight we want to use. This fits the bill perfectly and the price is right.
Worked perfectly but you do have to wait about 6-8 hours for the ink to absorb into the sponges that are in the cartridges before it starts printing correctly. That being said, be sure to have an extra set of cartridges on hand that you have already filled.
They are binder clips
These are my favorite pens now! I make a lot of mistakes at times when writing, so it is nice to have a gel pen that erases. The eraser on these pens won't tear up your paper and will not leave ink residue. Definitely going to buy more.
This desk pad is great! I love the dusty pink color. It stays in place so well and wipes clean easily. It's exactly what I needed.
I got what i expected to get...
Quality job. Looks as promised. Made well. I chose the magnet and it stays on really well.
Design change from month to month, big enough to be convenient, the paper is quite thick and durable. Great at keeping track of my deadlines and important tasks. In a word, buy it now.
Not much to say here other than I'm a huge fan of Micron pens. I don't recommend you use alcohol markers over them, but if you are just inking a drawing, sketching, or using them with watercolors, it's great. I think I have 6 in various sizes, and this one is awesome for fine detail work or sketching.
Came exactly as expected. Does its job. Beautiful colors and style.
Just what i need to attach a small catch all basket onto the side of my frig.
We used this to hang our garland, wrap Christmas lights around the deck and hang decorations for our Christmas program. It has many uses and a secure hold. I will be buying more in the future!
They are well made and fit my 5 by 7 cards perfectly. I will buy them again!
Each knife pen has a different shaped blade allowing me to get a different cut. I use one to help lift sticky areas apart and the pointed edge trimming images. Great to have many of these in craft rooms.
Exceeded my expectations, great quality!
Perfect for what I need!
My grandson has fun with these!
Perfect! Just what I expected!
Perfect, they look shiny and clean and stick very well
They didn't look like pictures, but still very cute and work perfectly! Even as small bag clips.
Using for work meetings
This is a really nice pencil case. I like that it has pockets to keep things separated and it can hold a lot. Definitely could be used to hold things other than pens and pencils.
Today I got a so wonderful time using this voice recorder to record one song, it was clearly and I like it. Easy to be used and small enough to put in your pocket.
I didn't even think I'd be able find this type of ink anymore! So glad I did. Plus 2 rolls for great price!
The canvass is so easy to read and it's worth the money. I finished it in less than a day ( few hours) and looks so real.
Was damaged upon arrival, seller replaced item very quickly!
we love to review the board at the end of the day to see what our kids did well and what we need to work on.
Nice assortment and good quality. Love the zippered case.
I'm already on my third notebook of this pack, and I can't say enough about them. Ink doesn't really bleed through to the other side of the paper, the pen glides easily, and they're sturdy enough. These will probably be the only notebooks I buy for the foreseeable future.
like very much. well designed
Arrived well packaged and on time. I'm using it as a bullet journal/planner. True to color, well stitched, magnetic clasp easy to use and stays put when closed, and rings function properly. The insert papers that come with it are not true to A5 standard, it's a bit smaller but ok. Other than that I don't really have any major complaints. I would recommend the seller and product. If the seller has this style but in B5 then I would buy again too.
The texture is amazing! Exactly what I wanted. and I can have everything that I need on one pad. No more mouse pad. The material doesn't have any scent and does not pick up finger prints. It is also not noticeable when it gets dirty; just needs a quick wipe and it'll look brand new.Very good desk pad.
Very good product and cheaper
When my old battery died I didn't get a new one for a long time. Finally I did - so my phone works again.
Great page holder, over all well made fills comfortable in hand.
Very quick delivery and well packaged. Product works extremely well and holds plenty of music etc . Good battery life and very easy to use. Grandchildren really really pleased with this. Highly recommended.
Works great, I don't see any difference in quality between HP toner and this one
Works great with my monitor from Acer, strong and easy to figure out. Buying more for my additional monitors.
This calendar box is super cute! Not only is it the date but also the day of the week, perfect decoration with a purpose. Keeping this in mind for future housewarming gift.
I love these pens. I have the colored ones too and I purchased these for when the black that came with those ran out. On that note, they do run out after a few months if you use them heavily. If you only use them every once in a while, they last much longer. Other than that, the ink is great, not much bleed, if any. They write beautifully and are great for bullets journalling. I would recommend them for paper that is a little thicker than normal, if you tried to use these in a notebook they would probably bleed badly. In all, great pens that I would definitely recommend!
They're paperclips, what can I say?
They worked perfectly. A little hard to put together but they are worth the trouble when your done.
Love my inkjet this seller is on point with his advertisement good value for the money
This cartridge works just fine in our printer. The quality seems great so far!
I absolutely love this map. I plan to scratch off india and can't wait to see the color that's hidden. It's very inspirational to me because this makes me wanna explore the world in its own way :). I also plan to frame and thanks for letting us know the frame size . The quality of paper is so thick and the concept is unique. It's very interactive map and can't wait To scratch the places as and when I explore. A must have time in your wall of the house. It also encourages people for discussion. Great product and great idea !!
It lights my hall closet beautifully with a consistent amount of light distributed evenly throughout. Thank you for offering this item for sale, and at such a great price.
My daughter loved it...sets up in minutes...
Our finance team was needing more calculator rolls and could not find any locally. Thank you for having them.
I never use daily planners for the fact that I am a very detailed and meticulous person, and most planners are extremely lacking in having the complexity to track down the way my mind works and how my life goes. Clever Fox, though, is the most detailed and thorough planner I've ever seen, and because of that fact is why I purchased it, and it's been working wonderfully for me so far. ^__^ It's also really beautiful looking, and comes with a nice box to store it in. If I have only 1 major complaint about it, though, is that it can be difficult to write on the left-hand pages sometimes. It's quite thick of a planner, so that means the left-hand pages droop down without support, and you don't have as solid of a surface to write on unless something is placed beneath them. Fortunately, though, the lid of the box it comes in works pretty well that, but it's just a bit annoying to work around/with. Still, it's nothing that should stop you from buying the planner yourself. =) For note, I've only had it a couple of weeks, so I don't know yet of it's long-term durability and strength. If anything bad happens, I'll update everyone! :)
This is a very good, basic laser printer. It is quiet and fast.
The journal was a birthday present for my son and he really likes the style and design of the journal.
I got this for school and I love it! There's plenty of space for me to write down my homework and other important events without the planner being too big. Would buy again!
Wasn't expecting much for the price but WoW these are awesome deep bass and crisp tones , charges fast , pair's easy and are in a small compact self charging case! Can't go wrong it's a amazing deal a must buy and own product!!
Great item! Gives me a place to put my things underneath my computer desk. Really sturdy and easy to assemble. Great buy!
Easy set up! Works great. So inexpensive to run a home line.
I've been using this for a couple of weeks and it's been awesome. I have a 32" led monitor mounted to it and it works great. The arm swings, raises, and lowers smoothly with no squeaks. The tension is adjustable via a screw in the middle of the unit. I had to adjust it quite a bit to get it to hold the monitor in place. I haven't had to make any adjustments since the initial one though.
Excellent craftsmanship study and durable card holder going to buy another one
I purchased an awesome journal on Etsy and was in need of a insert with more pages. I was looking for a 6x8 refill and this fit perfectly. The only thing I wished was different is the "line spacing". I was hoping they would be a bit "smaller" so I have more lines to write on. No big deal though.
works great! easy to punch holes
I love the format of this planner & the amazing price I purchased it for. My only downside is that the 8.5 X 11 is too large for my everyday needs. It seems that size is best for leaving on your desk, not convenient to carry around as you go about your day. I'm fully confident that the smaller size would perfect for me.
We use it for our nightly money drops at our restaurant. we have installed your drop boxes in all four of our locations, they work great.
This keyboard and mouse wrist rest duo is the perfect remedy for my support needs!
it holds all my badges for work perfectly. Very happy with my purchase.
I love these bags!! They are not flimsy as I thought it would be, but sturdy which I like very much. The designs are really nice and look just like the pictures. I'm glad I made this purchase! They are great for my daughter's first birthday.
Great for letting students borrow. Difficult to sharpen in my classroom sharpeners.
These little boxes are strong and sturdy -- I love them! They are not quite 4X4 on the inside, and barely that on the exterior, but they work fine for my purposes (buttons, pins, small parts) and because they are so sturdy, I don't worry about things inside getting dented or broken. Will order again for sure.
I have no issues with this laminator so far, works great and as expected.
I really like having the option to get ink other than HP ink. It's more reasonable for similar quality. Very happy with the ease of installation! Thank you for giving customers options!!
Works the same as the printer manufacturer's tape and cost a lot less. What more could you ask for?
I actually ordered two of these pens, the beautiful blue and the traditional classy black. The nibs are smooth, the ink flow is nice and the converters are included - so many pens make you pay extra to get a converter for bottled inks, which I find a bit rude, and even moreso if you are paying for a premium pen. The shipping was prompt. Altogether, I would recommend these pens to anyone looking for a reasonably priced everyday fountain pen.
Still the best inexpensive pen on the market.
Very elegant and well made esp for the price
Great product fast shipping and great
Amazing planner! Keeps me organized all school year long.
works perfectly with my brother label maker
So far these cartridges are doing the job and saving me money! I am very happy and will order these again.
Arrived without damage.
Just what I needed and came quickly. Thanks
I love that these are small and that it makes storing receipts and other small items easy to find.
Love the look and feel of the notebook. It will be nice to have such a classy way to do genealogy research. Also love that the notebook is refillable--takes up less storage that way.
These wheels (5 in total) are high quality wheels. I used these on my gaming chair and i was able to roll around freely on my carpet. Rolls with ease and suitable for people sitting in front of computer alot.
Great product, awesome price! Love Kodak printers and the fact that buying refill cartridges for this printer is very affordable compared to other printers on the market! Also installation is a breeze, 5 stars in all aspects!
Fantastic alarm clock. I love how the brightness of the display is adjustable, that's why I bought this one. Love how the loudness of the alarm is adjustable. Alarm on a medium loudness setting is loud enough to wake me up !! Clock is very easy to operate and set up. Another great feature is the room temperature display. All in all, a terrific alarm clock, well worth the money I spent.
Its thin and exactly what I'm looking for!!
Very nice little calendars for journals. They look nice and make a great tab to locate the right month.
So happy we got this- lots of things to write in it
Comfortable to write with.
I bought two sets, one for me and one for a coworker. I love these.
This product works fantastic it totally covers all the address and personal info on anything including medicine bottles. I highly recommend it!!
Works great but beware to clean all contacts on printer for units to work properly. Had trouble with a couple of the cartridges but fixed after cleaning contacts with rubbing alcohol and q- tip which you would need to do with any brand cartridge.
Very nice and very good service 👌🏻👌🏻
The color printer ink works perfectly. (I have not yet needed the black.) the three-pack price is excellent.
This product is just perfect! I give them away when someone is a new buyer with me.
Was looking for something to write a menu on and this was perfect!
I work in the research field so having a tiny scale that I can backpack is important. I love that the plastic cover protects all the buttons from getting pushed when in my pack! Shipping was fast as well.
Used this for floating shelves and so far so good. I used clamps to make sure tape stuck to them and worked perfectly. Great price and product
Awesome. Really love it!
These business card holders are perfect. Just as expected. Thanks
Pretty genius item, ordered for my office. I can hang from my folders from my cubicle, now. Good quality material, almost feels like canvas. Bit larger than imagined at 3ft, wouldn't be able to find in stores. Very satisfied.
Got them as stocking stuffers and even though all got a set, everyone wanted another one. Got to keep the ones I reserved for me thankfully!
My kids very love it. They can paint and play it.
Place these on your properties and you wont need to deliver the entry keys again. They add an extra layer to safety for your loved ones that live alone, give the code to first responders so they can gain entrance to check on them. Added safety and peace of mind for all.
my granddaughter loves her apron.
This kit was perfect to label all of my homemade Christmas gifts this year. They worked perfect with the little mason jars I used for my body butters and it gave it a little more classy look. I'll definitely be purchasing more for my year round gifting.
I am obsessed with the kinds of pens I use and bought these based on reviews and the reviews were 100% accurate. These pens glide effortlessly on paper and the ink is very dark and rarely ever smudges. I am a student who takes a lot of note and wish I would have found these sooner. They fit perfectly in my hand also. It's a little smaller than the average sized pen but that's no issue at all.
Just what I needed to leave a key for a client. Very good value.
FEELS REAL GOOD TO WRITE. WOW!
Made a cork board for my husbands office and thought these bullet pins would make a great final touch. He loved it!
Nice quality for the price, I used them on my bridal and wedding thank yous
The stylus is awesome and accurate, the pen writes very well. So for me it was a very good purchase, one that I have told my friends about, and recommended they purchase it!
I like the hardcover on this notebook. Whether you want to journal, just jot down quick thoughts, or use for work, you can't go wrong. Love these notebooks. They are a great size and lightweight. The pages are thick enough, There's no bleeding through with brush pens. I am sure this journal will be a favorite of mine.
Got it for a wedding couple and it was so cute!
Very helpful in organizing
Bought it for somebody else.
Not too sticky- we use as price tags. Great replacement for dymo printers.
My husband loves these pens to do crossword puzzles. They have a super fine tip. I will definitely be buying more of them.
This tool is great for organizing information and schedules. It will also be a great journal to keep after the trip.
I got spoiled at work with the standing desk and need something at home when I work from home. Bought this and came quickly. Hubby put it up for me and it has been a dream. It is very easy to adjust the height. I really enjoy standing up and working on my laptop to help me with my back pain. Highly recommend this!
Although a little expensive, this thing is SICK.
Love these they are perfect for holding your badge or information at an event
This is so good! The material is super good and it feels super amazing! The foam on the bottom is very comfortable and the mass pad is super convenient! Plus the phone holder is very nice and even has a hole in the bottom for a charge cord to fit through. This is a fantastic for my laptop!
It's well made, sturdy, easily put together, and lifts my monitor to a height that doesn't leave me hurting.
Just what I had ordered
Great product. Very smooth flow
So beautiful and unique. The inside of the card even has its own design.
worked perfect with asus flip 100.
Great for those woman who do online selling (make up, pearls, leggings), also great sending out invites, love the bright pink color definitely lets the person receiving a special item.
Fun to play with. Bought for all the ladies in the office.
It does exactly what I wanted - no need to say more. After all, it's a magnified lamp, not a Micheal Kors handbag (LOL)
I think this is much clearer than the projector I bought before I like this very much
A must have for hardwood floors. This mat work great for keeping wheel marks off the floor and to keep the chair from damaging the wood. Great product.
Since we homeschool, I have already used this to laminate flash cards and our library cards. It is very useful to have my own now.
When we received the guestbook in the mail, it exceeded our expectations. The smaller size book is perfect for our small 40 guest wedding. We are outdoors people so the wood covers are perfect for us!
I purchased these envelopes thinking note-size paper was included. That aside, they are perfect in every way. They are sturdy and of high quality. I would buy them again, if I could get matching note paper. I cut the flaps off, to create my own.
This product works really well and the fact that I don't have to make any more holes on my wall anymore is an extra bonus
Exactly what I needed at a great price!
Arrived in a timely manner. Working well in HP printer.
I love this mousepad. I use it as a desk protector at work and it is not only beautiful, but functional. It's easy to wipe down and it is sturdy enough to stay put.
I have had the brand for many years and just love the new ones. Easy set-up, fashionable and great range.
I love it! I took this to my office.
What a wonderful idea! I'll definitely be purchasing another one.
You can NOT get a better pencil sharpener for the price.!!! It's battery operated and also comes with a power cord. It comes with a brush so you can clean it out. It sharpens pencils quickly and you can tell by the sound when it's sharp . You will be HAPPY with this one !!
Brought an ancient cordless phone back to life!
Very beautiful black walnut Very stable and durable, high quality product Nice protection, thick and comprehensive packaging Complete installation tool with spare screws and white gloves Nice handwork and nice soldering Nice service, answer my questions within a day looks like the picture, nice design
Bought for my boyfriend & he loves it.
These are great pouches. I love the pictures, the colors and the quality. Great price as well.
It works pretty well for light things and you can adjust the size as you wish. Pretty good for decoration.
Nicely made, good weight to them, classic.
Cheaper then any other ink on market and works good
I love these when they go to far you can tighten it that's a major plus! The bc value is awesome!
Good value and they stand behind the product.
Bought this as a gift and my boss loves it!
These are awesome. I use them to highlight my Bible and it doesn't bleed through.
Added these to a gift packet for my coworkers. They loved them and I kept the extras. I get compliments anytime I use them.
We have an arts center and use the chalk to write on a board which we set outside so people know we are open. The chalk is great and easy to use. Cleans up like a charm
Exactly what I needed! Its perfect.
The hangings were easy to install, study and hold file folders easily. We did not use the screws received with the hangings. Instead we used the wire hook that you push into the wall and holds 15 lbs. Working great for me. Recommend if you have file folders lying around like I did and my cabinets are full.
These pens were very nice. Packaged well. Gave them to nieces and nephew for Christmas. Pens even write on skin and you can't see the writing until you shine the lighted end of the pen on it. Children I gave them to were 6, 7 and 10. They all loved them.
Happy with the speedy delivery. Haven't had a chance to use them yet, because I am still waiting on the power cord.
Love my new erasable pens! Using them mostly for Bible study & they don't bleed through the pages.
Makes great labels, easy to use. LABELING ALL SORTS OF THINGS, like which remote goes with what piece of equipment.
Everything came in perfect condition and it was delivered faster than I expected!
I love different ink pen, in my line of work I have a pen in my hand most of the days. I came across this one and decided to give it a try. The pen has a nice feel in your hand, it has a smooth feel when writing. The packaging was very nice,this would make an awesome gift. The pen is placed in a silk lined, padded box with two refills in a felt sash I was very impressed with the packaging. The pen haves a very sleek look, very professional. I would definitely recommend this pen.
It's bubble wrap. It works. And it's easy to cut. I've mailed several expensive items with this, no problems at all.
This product is great! I use essential oil diffusers to help with my anxiety. This one is super pretty. The colors of the lights are nice. Works great. Would definitely recommend ! Also the flowers are super pretty as well! Super easy to use which was a plus lol. All around great product.
A great replacement very to install , will buy it again
We loved the variety of colors! These pens are great for shading in drawings.
Having removed hundreds (thousands?) of staples with this tool, I can say without a doubt it was well worth buying! I've seen other similar tools for sale that were cheaper, but didn't have the sharp tip that is one of the reasons this works so well. I'm glad I bought the quality version!
Exactly what I was expecting - a german made pencil set capable of satisfying all of my graphite needs. Great quality for all grades, although the 6B tends to be a little grainy if you don't layer properly before using it. I strongly recommend this product for all graphite users.
Awww man these things are great!!! I used them in the kitchen, the bathroom and closet door in my bedroom. I didn't know what to expect but this was a really great idea for hooks! Really easy to use and strong adhesive.
LOL... that's right ! Great way to make sure the kiddos are brushing teeth for a good 2 minutes ! Every one has their own !
The product came in a simplistic carrying case, able to hold the projector, with straps for security, the AV and HDMI cables as well as the power cable and remote. The initial downside to the product is a short power cable. I attempted to find the same cord by Vankyo but extended. Unfortunately, at first look, I was unable to find what I needed. I suggest an extension cable as a result. The plug is not grounded therefore it fits in small places like a power strip. The product's fan can be loud depending on your viewing, but the sound quality produced by the speakers does well to cover up the ambience. With a quick set up, I was able to get a fair quality picture though the text of the Chrome tabs was difficult to read from the display. Zooming in on the projecting device, like a computer, can aid this. The remote is very helpful and even has a slight glow to it, but it is not backlit so you need some light, even the light of the projector, to first navigate the buttons. I projected from approximately 8ft, and did notice the grid lines made by what I assume are the pixels. this results in a less smooth image, but does little to interfere with the actual display. All in all I am satisfied with this device, especially since it shipped and arrived in one day after ordering, and am ready to use it for home entertainment like movie watching and gaming.
this is a good mp3 player for workout it's very light, the battery life is good, it comes with 16 gb card memory and headphones, the headphones are mediocre. overall this player is a great value music player for 20 bucks
Exactly what I needed in a pen
can't rate the ink quality yet. haven't used them yet.
Good. Came in a general amazon box. Nice colors. Good quality. Would order again.
The carts fit perfectly and the ink works fine with my printer. This is the second set I've purchased and I recommend the ink and the seller.
In a world of post it's sometimes you just need a note pad. Perfectly sized and vibrant in color. Makes a cheery addition to your desk.
Thanks a lot I love it :) One of the best things I bought. Also thanks for fast response and great communication :)
These colors are so bright and pretty; the pens write well; and they are very comfortable to hold with the rubber grip
Product works great as advertised. Would purchase again.
Gifts for my Niece, she loved them all. Thank you
We'll use the Hubble pictures to educate our grandchildren about the exploration of space and history of the universe.
Product works just as well as original toner. No issues.
These cards are very nice quality and come nicely packaged. You do have to fold them yourself, but that is easy to do (they are scored). The card stock has a nice weight to it, and they are not flimsy. The gold foil lettering is elegant. The design is classic and works for both genders.
This is the second time I have purchased these ink cartridges. They work great. Why waste your money on the expensive stuff.
Finally I found a good toner quality without have any issues, amount of toner dispensed when print there is no excess and the print come out perfect.
Arrived in 2 days. Item is just as described. Very cute hooks!
These sheets were very handy for wrapping delicate items. I would definitely get these again. They would be even better if they came twice as large.
My 8710 rejected the cartridges as not authentic HP and they would not work, they refunded my money, very nice and helpful people.
Correct for printer and works well
Worked awesome for my recent trip. These are clutch for traveling. Keeps your cords, dongles, and chargers organized.
Absolutely better than used. Will buy again and recommend it to teachers.
Great product. Works perfectly fine
Our family of 4 is a globe trotting family with 2-3 vacations each year and mostly traveling abroad. This is a great tool along with a globe to show our 9 years old daughter where we have been and we we will be going. Antarctica is a bit stretched out and made too big but what happens when you flatten out a sphere. Along with the globe it is easy to explain to my daughter the scale of things and how they distorts when flatten out to a 2D map. This along with our travel has really piqued her interest in international affairs as well as the history of each place we were and where we will be going. She likes to read up on our vacation destination before we go even going as far as practicing hello, thank you and other useful words in the native languages.
Use for business and personal use
Colors are pretty easy to use
I love this pen. I use it everyday. Nice fit in the hand to write with
Great way to make your desk a bit more ergonomic. I've had so much less carpal tunnel syndrome since using this.
Great notebook, love the squared layout vs. dot grid; but oddly sized.
She loves them and they arrived quickly!
Dirt cheap ink, doesn't leak, accurate colors. Bam.
Genuine Brother ink.
These are great Thank you cards to have on hand.
Smoothest writing cartridge I have ever used. I would estimate I have used a dozen of these in my 'stubby' Schneider pen, the pens with the fat rubber barrel.
Best price. Arrived quickly. No issues.
Love this key ring. Has a nice weight, is shiny, and the finish is nice, isn't showing any signs of wear like scratches.
Why didn't I do this earlier? I guess if I had I wouldn't appreciate how much easier it is than trying to locate my old wedge door stop that managed to disappear in between uses. This one also holds the door in place better and doesn't get sucked up in the vacuum. I'm using it over a rubber flooring.
Expensive but do the job
They worked fine on my Epson XP-440 .
Have only just installed these cartridges but so far am really pleased with their performance.
i like about the quality of this product. I see no differences comparing to the HP products.
Thick paper. Nice quality. Was a hit at the retirement party!
Great product definitely made the fan radio festival better
Really nice, she loved it.
Is so beautiful looks so nice and professional, I love it.
I use bubble wrap almost every day and this stuff works great. I love that the perforations mean that I can just tear off sheets.
Worked great on my black dry erase board
Well made & sturdy. Work well in fleet trucks & will hopefully keep gas cards from constantly being misplaced.
It's a perfect on a key chain and the LEDs are super bright too
It's working very good like hp brand name.
Good, but wish they would stay on longer
This is an awesome value for the price. The pens are very well packaged inside the plastic so they won't break.
Worked as expected. Too early to tell how long it will last but works well.
Just ask described cute and durable
I like the size and how clear the product is.
Easy to put together, really helpful for the clutter on my desk. I love it
Fast shipping and arrived within 1 day. I was pleasantly surprised at how compact the product was, but how powerful it is! the mic and sound quality are wonderful, it picks up my cats meowing in the background. It's light weight, easy to travel with, reliable, and great quality sound and speakers. Perfect audio! Would definitely recommend for anyone who needs a hand held recording device.
I bought this for my granddaughter and the look of these are not only pretty but useful .
Certificates are colorful on a good quality paper. Would definitely purchase them again when needed.
Works exactly as described. Quick and easy way to "remove" personal info from mail, documents, etc. Would buy again.
Very sturdy and beautiful.
Very sweet card. Gave it to my husband for our wedding anniversary and he liked it very much.
Great. It really works.
This stamp holder does exactly what I needed it for. It keeps the stamps neat and handy and I like that it's clear so I can keep an eye on how many stamps I have left. If a person has arthritic hands or dexterity issues they might need assistance putting the stamps in the container. As others have mentioned, the little ball the screws on top can easily get away and could be difficult for some people to unscrew. Also, you have to hold the little rod that goes up through the center from the bottom or it will fall out. I'm pleased with my purchase.
Works great, Arrived super quick, would buy from again.
I bought these for my daughter to use for art. She loves them. I also use them for regular writing as well. They don't bleed thru regular paper and they don't smear. I would recommend!
Excellent value very comfortable very good for the office the mouse moves smoothly on it hard to recommend it but a little bit expensive thank you very much for such a sweet deal
Great hooks, easy to use and good for many uses! I would purchase again.
Just as described. Perfect for my daughter going to college. Same planner found in the store but much cheaper on amazon.
If you like eco style products - these are very good choice. Nice thick fabric.
too too too too cheap. the school charged 75 cents per one. I should buy it earlier
Considering the price, this item was amazing! Easy to use and good finish
I was afraid of ordering ink online from a store I had never heard of, but I will definitely be ordering this again when I run out. We don't print out much and I hate spending tons of money on ink, and this was perfect.
It just gets colder, and with it I can eat upstairs, watch TV and do my homework without going downstairs. Can not get out of bed, lying on the bed. Enjoy a wonderful weekend.
Great bags, fast shipping, great price.
I purchased this to keep for 11x17 prints. I have had HP in the past and always struggle with the silly thing drying up between prints. So far, this thing prints perfect after a week of non use.
Love it, it's very cute and meaningful
Fast service, excellent quality
The only improvement I would suggest is adding a pen holder. Otherwise, this is an excellent journal for BuJo use!
I was searching for a map of the United States to fit a small side wall and this fit perfectly. It's laminated which works well and was easy to put up on the wall with glue dots. Colorful, clear and easy to read we love it. Quality is very good and sturdy. Great product.
I love this. I was about to purchase a tv. Instead i got this and im able to watch my movies stream it from my phone and just connect it in the back it's easy to set up it's clear definitely happy I went this route.
Arrived quickly. Easy to apply - comes with directions. Looks great hopefully it lasts!
Love them! Work as expected.
A great and super convenient buy!
I just started back drawing after many years. This is perfect for beginners and anyone who has step away from drawing and looking to get back to it. The added plus was the case and the pencil extender... which if you draw a lot, you will want the pencil extender to give you the capability to get more use out of your pencils
No need to pay top price for name brand inkjet refills. These are GREAT. I've been using them exclusively for over a year now, and I've had no problems. They last just as long as the brand name inks, too. I have no plans to buy any other refill inks.
I got this pencil case for my daughter and I love it! It's very spacious and the quality is awesome. The colors of the design is very vivid and it's definitely a great buy!
I purchased this folder to better organize documents, receipts, etc. Can't speak to the fire/water proofness (hope I never have to!), but seems to hold up fine and has a lot of room for everything I need.
These are great for all our keys. Easy to use.
Love these! They hold colored pencils for our classroom!
It such like a magic tape. It has strong stickiness which I can use to hang my earrings, my keys, socket, and so on. it is reusable and washable. that is awesome. will buy more rolls next time.
I finally got to load these cartridges the other day and they seem to be working fine. It will be interesting to see if they XL cartridge really does hold up as long as the Cannon cartridges. So far they seem to be working comparable to the Cannon cartridges. I am pleased.
This is great for desk organization. I have had so many different styles of these organizers and I found this one works the best!
As described and arrived fast! Thank you!
I use these in class and I really needed a new one. I am so glad that I could get one quickly and easily from Amazon.
These markers are the best! Dark ink that lasts for a long time and always looks good.
Love the clear packaging. Holds pretty large-sized drawing pads and instruments and keeps them dry especially in rainy weather (which is part of the reason why I purchased it)
These take me back to being a kid. Great arts and craft supplies for small children. These would also be pretty great to cut borders for scrapbooking.
Excellent phone. Easy to use. Works really well
Good value and print quality, seem to last longer than OE HP cartridges.
Great price! I decorate them for work ID badges
Good item. They work just like I expected.
I use these for shipping and they work wonderfully! Zero complaints.
Works great to organize new remodeled bathroom drawers.
I am very pleased with this product. I inherited a box of very old slide pictures--family treasures that have probably not been seen in over 50 years. It was very easy to use. I was able to create digital pictures on my computer on my first try. Love it!
I like how the pencils came in pastel colors. They also were very easy to hold!
Really well done. I used these to give to my sales team every time we run a contest or want to recognize someone.
works as advertised, came 3 days earlier than expected.
well made looks great
writes well, comes with a refill, diamond is nice and gaudy but doesnt make it hard or heavy to write with.
Easy breezy! Just use the tweezers to pinch the actual letter rubber, not the square that houses the letter. I was able to apply a letter per 5 seconds. Not bad and got good use (wrote 3 lines).
Very elegant product! Excellent, caring service.
Works great and its strong enough to hold several pages at once.
I ordered these for my office printer.....I had no problem with them. The cost was worth it and the print quality is very good.
Love these - feel great in your hand - I plan on buying more
I got my sharpener today and tried it out right away. Very happy with the way it sharpens pencils.I like that it stops when they are sharp,( soft, colored ones did not but that is ok with me). Definitely like it.
Very easy to manage cleans very well.
This is an outstanding product!
Does a job nice and strong
Goods received, affordable prices, quality is really good, buy a special cost-effective. This online shopping is my most satisfying one. This price can buy such a good commodity is really worth the money. It is exactly the same as the seller's description. The package is complete when it is received, the package is strict and without any damage, and the logistics is also very fast.
This is a very compact unit. I have already filled it with various papers at my printer and it provides easy access. The mesh allows me to see the contents and the sides prevent the paper from sliding out. The trays stack on top of each other but don't actually fasten together. They are sturdy enough to hold full reams of paper without tilting or bending. If you wanted to attach them together you could use some cable ties on the sides, but I haven't found the need for that. I am completely satisfied with this purchase.
Excellent camera back pack. Not too big, not too small. My son loves it.
The leather cover is of very high quality. It looks great when I walk into a meeting with this leather bound notebook. The quality of the pen and the paper is pretty high as well. The weight of the pen and smoothness is what you would expect from a good quality stationary. Once you write something on the page, you can easily erase it using the top of the pen or you can wipe it off using a wet microfiber towel. Extremely easy!
Needed this custom power source for my brother label maker. Perfect
These arrived quickly! They are easy to use with bright and bold colors. I love the chalk board stickers. They made it easy to label items at the show we did last week. Thanks for a great product!
This hole punch is fantastic! I bought it for my daughter who is a freshman in high school. It fits perfectly in her binder and it makes her life a lot easier as she can hole punch her papers right away and put them in the appropriate notebook. It punches through several sheets of paper easily and just makes her life a little less chaotic. Every student should have one of these in their binder.
At this time nothing that I dislike.
Great binder. Had to buy when Walmart sold out for school and remains sold out in my nearest store. Kid likes the lightweight feel of the binder. Good buy!
purchased 2 for a gift. I did open to check them out. I was pleasantly surprised! great for a gift!!
They fit in my filing system and are terrific for storing important things like warranties, directions and extra parts: washers for a hose nozzle which otherwise I would lose. I put in started letters, notes to take with me ie: to the doctor ect., a pen, + any information I receive. I can see what is in there or write with a permanent marker what's in it. I'm sure I'll think of other things to use them for perhaps small quilt squares I am sewing. So far no problem with the zippers and they're not going to fall apart.
Excellent quality, This is my second time that I bought to you and same Excellent product!
This is an amazing design, full of storage and functionality. I would hands down purchase this product again!! It does say leather as a description and though there seems to be some vegan leather it does not feel luxurious BUT I did not purchase it for the luxury factor but rather the storage and the ability to take notes easily at a meeting and wrap it all up st the end. It has held up very well and still looks NEW! I am soooo enjoying having this at work. Update: Oct 17 2019 - I have the notebook that came with the cover which I love due to the high quality paper. I can also reorder the notebook when I run out. I use this for dumping my slopping, quick ideas. I also store my Hobonichi A5 planner inside which has a monthly, weekly and daily pages for organization at work. Having all this and more in such a functional planner has saved me many times in a meeting.
Held books on a shelf. Good stuff.
Have used these for years but local office supplies no longer carry. Very sturdy, and sturdily clamps together a larger packet of papers than either the small or large paperclips.
Easy to fill up and works just as directed. Will buy from again.
I was hesitant to buy this at first but ended up buying a second one and one for my sister! It's amazing. I am a dog groomer and it helps keep me cool in the hot Hawai'i summer
Great price for the quality
Great for the price! Nice colors too.
Product came quickly and as ordered. Pen writes so smooth and ink dries quickly. Is comfortable for those who write for long periods at a time. I look forward to ordering these same pens in different color inks.
Works well for my needs. Nice to have a durable feeling stamp rather than something flimsy, and quicker than writing things by hand.
I had an issue with the original pair I bought. I was sent a brand new pair without even asking for a replacement. Wonderful company. Thank-you.
The only slightly bad thing about this product is that you really don't know what markers you will end up with. I got a lot of different gray shades this time, so I was happy. And I had no repeat markers. A+ for that. They also blend really nicely.
I love this book. I've been keeping recipes in my phone which is a pain to try and read from. This book is exactly what I needed to keep all my good recipes in one place. More than enough room for writing the ingredients and directions. I only wish there were a table of contents w page numbers so you can easily find what your looking for. Other than that, this hard cover spiral bound book is perfect
I love them. I brought them for my clinical notebook to organize my forms. They work well and can be reused
I had been wanting to hang pictures and wreaths on my porch but didn't want to use nails, putting holes in the siding. These hangers worked so well, I have repeatedly bought packs so now I have decorations on my porch, patio and the side of the house to celebrate the summer.
Did not install as of yet.
Return customer. The cartridges fit as advertised.
splatter painted these and stuck on stickers for my daughters bday favors for her art party. PERFECTION
I loved the design of this calendar and small journal. It fits great into my oversized purse. And I love the bookmark. Thanks for making a cute and durable product.
Great, smooth writing, nice looking. Phil
I was worried that it would appear crooked or be wobbly since it has to be assembled but that's not at all the case. Love this. Gets the job done and looks nice on the desk when the laptop isn't on it. A+
Shipping was delayed however I had no issues installing the ink and it works just fine can't beat the price
I handed these out and people thought they were so neat. Great alternative to candy.
This works great to sharpen our pencils and colored pencils. We use colored pencils a lot so this has been greatl
I get one of these every year. they are the perfect size to fit in my desk drawer and slip in and out easily, while the squares are big enough to write in multiple events. It's perfect for keeping hard copy on appointments in case of a malfunction or loss of a cell phone.
The Roller Stamp does the job, just what I was looking for.
Great chair for the price. A bit stiffer than I'm use to though it's not an inconvenience in the least, since using its helped with back pain and ease of getting up. Highly recommended
This writes so smooth and the colors are so bright!
I bought these specifically for cutting shapes out of my Color Street nail strips, and they work fantastic! If you're buying these for kids, anyone small may have trouble punching them through.
This was a gift. It was well received and she loves using it.
I am so happy because the box is extreme nice with new package. They are well-organized! Moreover, I received the thank you letter from the seller as well, such a great customer caring!
First, it is very comfortable to sit on. It gives extra support on the back from the bottom to the top. The firmness on the cushion is just right. I tried to push it very hard and it always gave me strong feedback.
I bought these for a vision board gathering at my house recently. They were perfect.
quick service - good products
These work great for our large canvas map! We are marking every place we have gone as a couple together! Perfect size and haven't had any fall back out or break. Now it looks like Google maps!
Great color and sparkle.
This is a very nice little planner. It's the perfect size and sturdy enough to withstand the school year. The cover features a cute and chic design. Was very impressed considering the price. Definitely worth it.
Beautiful and superb quality!
Best used at night or with dark curtains if in a room with windows. For the quality of the machine, it works wonders! Blow up Netflix against any white sheet you can hang against a wall. Perfect for movie nights or gaming sessions. Small amount of noise and an idle light that glows from the top, if you want to pull this out every other weekend for a party you can't go wrong!
This is an amazing chair mat and though it is intended for hard floors, I'm using it in my bedroom/office carpeted floor.
Perfect size for my cubicle and the shipping was fast
Super cute! Great for bride to be!
Very cute stationary set. Practical and great gift for older child or teenagers
I have an autistic son who is very picky about his pencils and he is very hard on pencils as well. These last. The only reason we have to replace one is because he lost it.
I had a problem with my all-in-one printer and was able to describe it, file a claim, and receive approval within a matter of minutes, all online.
I love the size and the dry-erase markers it came with
No issues with compatibility, my teachers all accept them, and bonus: when I accidentally forget to put my name on it, I can tell which ones mine! Lol. But for real, it's great to bring like ten and be a savior for everyone around you who doesn't have one.
Works as advertised.
Loved the design and quality. Perfect!
Using this to teach my kids.
I bought this device to do slideshow presentations of lecture slides in my courses. It lets me work easily and conveniently.
Better performance than expected...using it in our church. Light weight, fast boot-up and various input options. Good.
I love these, and so do the people who see them! Highly recommend!
If you're on the move and have lots to pack, this pack is great.
I liked buying in bulk. The erasers were perfect for my class.
better than advertised. wife is bed fast using it for her laptop and meals.perfect for her. the price can't be beat. packaged and shipped better than anything I have seen.
Thank you very much for your work !!
So cute! Exactly as described!! That's the pack next to an iPhone 8. I love them!
Good quality and affordable price. I am pleased with the purchase.
I love this pen. It fits in my front pocket easily and I always have something to write with ready this way. Upside down, sideways, even writes on your hand.
This is a very good portable light and just what I was looking for. It has a heavy base and very solid clip that took an enormous effort to open the first time. I was used to wimpy clips that didn't hold well, and that was not the case here. Very big surprise to find that this small little magnified lamp is solid, portable, heavy based so won't tip over, clip extremely heavy duty, goose neck stays in place, and magnification works well (with and without the light). These mature eyes highly recommend for closeup work that unfortunately need a little boost. Also it arrived packed very well and in excellent condition double packed. I prefer that when you have glass involved. LOVE IT AND HIGHLY RECOMMEND!! Will be purchasing second one for my Dad.
I was very happy with the purchase, excellence packaging, inks installed perfectly. The inks appear to be of good quality. I will write more feedback once I see how good they work, have no reason to think they won't be perfect. Thank you for a great product
Liked not having to mess with cartridges.
Great cover for the price!
Good quality! Are beautiful
Looking at the fiberglass quality of the layer inside and outside the bag, I'm confident that this bag would be able to withstand fire. I am impressed with how thick and spacious the bag is. As can be seen in my pictures, I can fit all of my important things, legal documents, birth certificate, education certificate, insurance papers even 2 pieces of laptop inside. Imagine how cool is that. I recommend this bag to everyone!
Arrived fast with no flaws
So far, it works fine. I have only printed 30 to 40 pages, so I can't attest to how long it will last.
We use this outside at the pool to watch movies at night. Plenty bright. Would recommend for thos application.
Best drop cloth ever. Clings to the floor. Didnt trip at all!
Bought this for a sick friend. They loved it. It was so intricate and beautiful
I only buy the EPSON branded ink for my printer. I know that there are cheaper products out there, but with them I don't get quality printing or glossy pictures.
Product good for the price. Only down side was the inside pages smelled like fish when I first opened the planner.
This is a great planner. I purchased this for use with home and work appointments. The first thing I liked about the product is the durable cover. This planner gets utilized every day so durability is important. I also really like that there are tabs for each month. A really great purchase!
I have an extra fine nib on this Lamy Vista and it is silky smooth with a thin, elegant line as it moves across the paper.
Really like to write with these pens
This is such a fun map!
Exactly as described and much cheaper than the check company wanted to charge me for the same product.
Been using these for years with great success.
Good planner for college teachers. Lots of room for notes, assignments, etc.
I host many different parties and love to decorate everything! These little signs add so much character. You can use them for food and beverage, games, fun sayings and directions. They really add a finishing touch to any party.
Great gift my niece loves it
I love that the product came so quickly and the print quality was fantastic! It had clear instructions on how to install. Great value for the money!
produced and excellent shirt with a good image that seems to last if washed properly
Good product, works great.
The color selection is amazing, and they all worked right out of the pack. Didn't get to use them until several weeks after they arrived, and they were fine. Are very good for fine details in Game of Thrones coloring book.
I love this wire organizer. It is a step up from the one that I had.
My grandmother had the 80's version of this calculator and my mom had the 90s version. I had a few throughout school, and I am sure that if they would have survived all of the moves I have made over the years, they would still be working fine too. This is the quintessential pocket calculator, and it will always work, even under candle light.
I like the prompt service from the seller, and the product is problem free.
Love the bag, very cute! Not as much room as I expected inside but it's pretty good for laptop bag!
To big on fingers, cannot use them
Love the scissors, work great, trim well on small tails
I bought a printer a few weeks ago and I had to print a lot of pamphlets. The Epson cartridges are very expensive so I didn't even try looking for them . I found these ones and they are perfect. They work as good as the Epson ones! They DON'T leak and they are very inexpensive! Very pleased with the quality.
I have not used the product yet, but it was recommended by a friend. It was delivered promptly.
Again, son in law beginning nursing school in January..product exactly as ordered.
Fast shipping as ordered
Why does my ink bleed on my waterslide decal after dunking and applying on my tumbler? I have sealed it and even let the sealant dry over night before putting in water I have tried warm water and cold water what am I doing wrong?
Easy to use but time consuming to remove from sheets
I love the fact that I could have 3 different receivers along with the one on the major phone system. I really love having them all over the house, cause it saves me a lot of running and missing some calls.
I have been writing on Campus papers for decades and was quite relieved to find these in supply. I like the size of the books, the texture of the paper.
It protects my wooden floor and it's sturdy. Doesn't slip like others. I recommends it.
Great quality at a good price
Love the portability of this product
These are nice, good quality cards. In the picture they look very black but the card itself is more like charcoal. Meaning not as black. I would buy again.
I love this, it's smooth for hand-writing and is big enough for taking notes.
Great for classrooms, daycares, or children's gifts. I'm using them as a way to learn math facts in class. Very pleased with this purchase!
got this because of my 4 year old has lovely tantrums and she is so good now! has to get her stars for the week now. she was so excited, couldn't wait to tell her friends about it
Very cute and pretty colors . They are smaller than I expected but I like that better ! They fit in my calendar square nicely .
the ink works as good as the Factory product. Very happy so far. Would order again.
Drawers move easily, all drawers lock.
Love this! Stays on my scrubs through my entire shift and the clip feels tight and secure
Everything was great.. just wish i knew what kinda pencils were inside..i loved them would love to purchase some
Exactly as described-thanks!
The quality of this product for the price is very good. The clipboards have a chemical smell right after unpacking, but that does dissipate after a little while. Definitely would purchase through this seller again.
As described. Quick ship.
Do not purchase the used ones! They are unusable I tried twice for them to get it right. First time missing parts second time looked like it was beaten up badly both were no good. I brook Down and bought a new one ☝️ nice looking but not a sturdy quality product. I kept it for the looks factor
Excellent product, used a few times already and no problem
These are adorable, clear quality and classy. I was really concerned they would look like dollar store cards for the price, but they look like expensive nice cards. The designs are classy, not cheesy or cheap looking. I am IMPRESSED!
I have left the same review on all my other HP printer products, I use nothing else but HP photo paper, ink, copy paper in my 4650 HP printer, so I get the quality I expect. Good quality paper though, you can tell by the feel.
VERY happy with this one! I have wanted one of these world scratch off maps for a while and I'm really glad I finally bought one. I'm prior military so I've traveled a lot and this map can help me focus on where else I need to go before I die. It's also a good conversational piece. I used a frame to mount it on my office wall. It's a lot bigger than I was expecting but it helps get to the tiny details of the smaller countries. I love that it includes a gold paint pen as well.
I love this machine! It saves me so much time by making multiple copies and cutting them itself. It takes up to 24mm tape which gives 3 lines of text. My labels look much more professional and I love the choices it gives for fonts, text size, etc. It saves files which is great for my Aromatherapy business Love From Hawaii, I won't have to start over every time I need a different label. These labels withstand my oil based products without showing damage and they come off easily to reapply without ruining. I just received it today so it has many features I haven't gotten to, yet. It came so fast, in 3 days, with free shipping! Mahalo amazon!!
easy to pair with my other phones, easy to do
Very pretty color !!! Great material and perfect size ! I have it for 27” All in One computer and I still have space left over !
It does the job and creating a cushion for my wrist and I just like looking at it.
Nice color. More heavy-duty than I expected. Very nice!
Quality Globe with bright colors. Doubling as a night light is extra bonus. Beautiful.
Very nice well made bought a second one
Every month, I work through some routine financial things. This orange calculator (color I chose) makes me happy; is easy to read and makes work pleasant.
I wear this almost everyday. I wish there were more in this style but different designs. I LOVE this badge holder. The break away has been very durable so far. I have been using this for months
Amazing sound! Very comfortable around the ears. Easy to pair and play. It's very convienience to have this instead of wired. I use it with my iPad and it works perfect. It's very fashionable too. Every cool looking.
works great just like new
Works great. Thanks to instructions printed on the bag there was absolutely no problem with compatibility. Works like the one that cost twice as much. Thanks for the cost savings products
Very large in size. Bigger than I expected. Must have large drawer to put it in but very nice and well designed.
I have ordered this product a lot and love it!!!
Came quickly these are sturdy and good quality tags
Love it. The color is wonderful and a great size for a professional portfolio.
Will not use anything else.
I have used this pen for years in my career which required a lots of writing. Reliable & good flow of ink.
Bought for a drummer and he loves them.
Excellent customer service. Recommend them in a heartbeat!
I always carry my planner around and I found most I had in the past would easily tear. This one is sturdy, of a great practical size and luxurious. I like that it's non dated. Lots of pages, lots of room, very practical to use.
Good price and quick delivery
Great product! just what I wanted!
I have used it few days so far, working great, no problems. I have printed about 500 pages so far. Good company to work with, got a follow up email. Thank You. Update : 4 Nov 2019 : Still working great, after printing a lot of papers, ( sorry lost count) One of the best toners, I have bought so far. Great Product.
Still printing almost 3 years later!!!!
how easy they glide over rocks and on glass and ceramic tiles
They have a unique design that does not require you to tape them. They are easy to assemble,and sturdy. Better than any boxes I have ever used to move, and I have moved a ton.
I just received the product a few days ago and started using it yesterday. So far, I am very satisfied with the product and its features.
This is a smooth bamboo with lots. of organizational spots. It is strong and my computer monitor is secure on this. I am glad I bought this.
As described. Would purchase again.
I think the journal is great, has all the pertinent information, and is narrower than many other journals out there. I use mine to keep track of what I eat and drink each day. Doc wants me to use less than 1500 mg salt/sodium per day, Limited fluid, and watch the calories. Have multiple medical problems, including CHF (Congestive Heart Failure), and stage 3 Chronic Kidney Disease (CKD). This Journal will help keep me honest, so that I can watch my three year old grand-daughter grow much older. She makes my heart smile.
These seem strange at first, but I have grown to love them. They don't dry up. You know exactly how much life you have left on them. They are the only highlighter I use.
Works just like advertised. Hanging in my kitchen right now.
Good product. Good price
This is my 3rd year with this brand, and I really love the layout, beautiful cover choices, and inspirational quotes. I have tried the expensive Franklin planners, all kinds of software and apps. This planner is now my favorite way to keep track of my life. I do best with a handwritten planner.
So far, these remanufactured cartridges are working OK. At least one is, and the 2nd cartridge is to be used once the 1st has been used up of ink. So we really saved some $$ using these remanufactured units. I can't really see giving my hard earned $ to ANY printer company for the small amount of ink used in these cartridges.
I had an expensive pen with an internal bladder and the fill plunger was stuck to it and would not move. I found a glass tube put the pen in the tube and filled with the flushing solution. After 48 hours of soaking the plunger moved freely. I used the fluid to clean the pen and it now works as intended. Save me from having to replace a valuable pen.
This was a gift and they love it!!!!
Love this journal for bullet journaling. Having the page numbers already numbered is a great help as is having a place to keep a pen.
Great quality product! Very nicely packaged.
Absolutely perfect! Good quality paper and I did not have find a store.
Can't see any difference between these and the HP ones.
I bought these for my little sister for Christmas but I may have to keep them! I didn't realize how fun these would be!!
boxes are boxes, not expecting them to be in mint condition, they came in fine. definitely buy from them again if I need too
We prefer five star over other brands.
So far so good! The black is working very well. I haven't used the color ones yet because my brother brand ones still have ink. This will most likely be my go to for replacement ink. If I was to get my ink cartridge refilled at Costco it would cost the same amount as this whole kit cost. It's a really good deal!
I received this 2 product days ago. The package came as described. It is very well constructed and nicely packaged for delivery. This is a solid product, I have a 27" monitor and it does not sag.
My manager loves this, he can adjust the direction of the screen and avoid glare while still having his hands free to do other tasks.
Amazing is all that I can say. It is a little bigger than I had anticipated. It's 85 inches long. Great quality and works perfectly.
A very well-made product. I have low pile carpet and the nubs on the bottom can keep the mat stay in one place. I highly recommend.
The only time we really use stamps is during the holiday season to send out cards, so we were able to stock up when these were a lightning deal.
Fit as expected. No issues with this order.
I like my labels very much, exactly as expected.
good price, good product
wish I had gotten blades cause I will be using it for a lot of my crafts I will be doing
I love this watercolor journal. Good size to travel or to do small watercolor sketches. The paper can hold a good amount of water and the colors react good on it. I will buy again
I was happy with the look of this paper holder.
The wheels were easy to replace. Removed the old crappy plastic ones that came with the chair, and slid the new wheels right in. The chair glides so easy that I am replacing all the wheels in my other desk chairs throughout the house. Wish i would have done this sooner!!!
Well organized and store perfectly in a small size backpack
Using the 8 pocket for travel purposes. Great for keeping tickets, information on events, schedules for long trips away from home. Easy to use, keeps each day(s) organized and in place. The front cover can be used to keep full schedule of travel. Can't get in Staples.
Top quality paper stock! For this price, I expected thin, cheap cards and envelopes. I was pleasantly surprised they were so nice and thick and pretty.
Used for our school supply give away. They write very good
I love the Pentel EnerGel ink with a 0.5mm ball. I hate click-click pens as every so often they get extended in my shirt pocket and a shirt gets ruined. These pens are perfect, as they have the EnerGel ink in a pen with a cap. Perfect!!
Nice! Arrived very promptly (next day, you can't beat that!), is of excellent quality paper & the print is exactly as you see on the website. I know that my recipients will love it!
Love these pens. The colors are wonderful. How not for little kids since the ballpoint is tiny and thin.
After buying our house and the previous purchase of a projector we thought having this outdoor set up would be great for our upcoming party. It ties off perfect in our back porch and gives a cool clean video background.
Good product. Does what it's supposed to do.
Great file box, only issue is that it had felt inside, would have been better with just plastic or metal inside.
Cute idea...love the saying, perfect for gag gift for husband
Performs well seems to be a very good value.
Problem solved with step in dark garage! Great product, easy to apply and stays in place! Glows in the dark, as advertised! Highly recommend!
Arrived in expected time frame. They work well with my printer. The color is good and they seem to last a little longer than the original.
I love these balls and will be ordering them again soon. I teach 9 group fitness classes, and these balls are the perfect gift for me to give to my class patrons, who can use them to strengthen forearm grip and to relieve stress. I love that they are individually packaged, so that when I give them out as a gift, they appear to be new, fresh and unused. Best part: the positive motivational saying, to help them remember a positive mantra and to keep on improving. Great product.
Allowed us to continue using a clock that was special to us.
I bought these for a student and he was SO excited. He was able to blend colors like never before!!
Very pleased with this seller. I ordered the wrong item and messaged the seller. The seller sent me the item I intended to order without any complications. When I received my item I was very pleased with it. I would definitely order from them again.
So cute! Perfect travel size has two levels charges up quickly no problems so far
So cute! These letters and numbers will look great on my bulletin boards this year! Thanks! :)
Very easily customizable, this handy classroom chart is the perfect place for students to rest their technology while class is in session. I bought this for a friend who is starting her first year teaching at the high school this year, and she was beyond thrilled.
very convenient, you can place this sharpener you like. you can sharpen both pencils and color pencils with this, normal pencil sharpeners arent able to sharpen color pencils.
We used these for registration at a special event. They were perfect and shipped really quickly!
I love my inspiration board. It gives me a boost everyday. I love leaving a note for my kids to get their day off to a great start every morning. !!' Quick delivery and great quality !
Works great on a Shark Vacuum
I've cut fabric with these for years and decided to get a second pair. Not too big or small.
This tape is no joke. You can literally smell the strength. Be careful where you put it because once it's on it's not coming off easily.
I keep buying. Service from Seller is amazing
These hooks work as advertised and I would highly recommend. I actually bought them with intentions on using 2 of the 4 hooks and within minutes of installing them I put all 4 to use.
Great buy for our labels. For our dymo.
I promised my best friend I would write him letters every so often while I was away...I'm also on a budget! This stationary paper is so pretty and durable without breaking the bank. I write my friend a ~5 page letter each month (it's been 4 months) and I still have plenty of pieces of beautiful stationary.
I'm an Etsy seller and use these for all my shipments. I ship in USPS Priority Mail envelopes and boxes, and have never had a problem with my labels sticking. Maybe I've been lucky, but I've been buying these for years now with no issues whatsoever. I recommend them.
Just as good as the hp brand. Less than half the price. Never had a problem using these. They are perfect!
so cute and versatile, would recommend
I am so happy with this product! It came exactly as it looked in the picture, very cool the different ways you can wrap the string around it to keep it closed, I tie it up differently every time I write in it. And the easy refillable paper is such an awesome idea for a small journal, I can always replace the pages and add more so I'll never run out of room! Amazing!
Works great for bathroom storage
Completely satisfied!
I purchased this projector to use in rural Haiti in order to show our community health workers training videos. The projector works great and we are very happy with the rechargeable battery. I am very happy with the projector and it was worth the investment!
They were for back to school and are great.
They actually erased really well. Shipping takes a bit though so heads up.
Love the reinforcement edges, just as pretty in person, and the tabs and pages are usable! I think this calendar will work! I do wish it had more note pages and the ability to add pockets (has one) to the binder. It's a go though!
Great gift for teachers
Made a cute, inexpensive office gift.
Totally original!!!! Perfect for my retired sister ,who just got her first cat ! Almost everyone knows a dyed in the wool(or fur) cat lady...and has 'tails" to tell! Keep up with the good cards. Thanks, your newest fan, jan
Every time go travel have same problems, how we know is over weight and we have limited to fit , with this hanging scale we got control it no extra charge no more!
I have always used the name brand cards but i won't any longer. These white half fold greeting cards are great and much more affordable.
I was looking for erasers like these because my son goes through the attached erasers on his pencils very quickly. The price was good for 10 erasers. They arrived quickly and they work well. My son erases vigorously, so I was worried they would break quickly, but these ones are pretty sturdy. The erasers erase regular pencil really well. Just a few swipes and the pencil is gone and the paper is clean, not streaky. It takes a few more swipes for colored pencil but even that gets mostly erased. Overall these are a good product that work well and are well-priced.
My space crazy son lives it! Kinda smelled like incense on arrival but no big deal
Seems great so far. I like a lot about this safe. Pros: Solid cold rolled steel is a fortress Compact design allows for easy drawer stowaway Can use the digital combination without having to use fingerprint Key is 4 prong cross key and extremely difficult to pick Good fit and finish. Good functionality. Cons: The electronic locking function of the dead bolt seems to squeal in an odd way (every time) that doesn't sound quite right. Not sure if it's normal. Overall I am pleased with this safe and seems like a solid little vault for storing small items of value.
Good choice and cheaper that Best Buy
Wow! This projector is so bright! Our previous unit was so dim that we had to dim the lights to get a good picture. 4000 Lumens baby! Shipped quick and the price was right.
Thank you I'm enjoying this product!
Very pleased with the quality.
Perfect for home or small office use.
Worked well with my Canon Pixma printer. No problems with printing. No lines. Half letters which I have had with some remanufactured ink cartridges.
Sturdy, holds lots of files, convenient and portable, stackable.
Love it! It has a nice presentation and it was easy to out the letters together.
Gotta say, I love this pencil. I am a college student, and as someone would expect, I write a lot of notes. I've used this one pencil for a full year, every day, all day. And I'm nothing but impressed. The metal body helps a lot with the sturdiness of the pencil, as I can't tell you how many times I have accidentally broken my mechanical pencils by stepping on them, or them being crushed in my school backpack. Well, this has last a very long time compared to my other pencils I used. Someone reading this may be into other types of drawing and not like this review, but I understand. I'm praising this product for it's durability.
Really awesome. Very handy for useful with laptop plugged into external monitor etc next to my office computer. Best laptop stand I've had.
Is so easy to work with..
Loved it. The quality was amazing. I bought it for my boyfriend and after 2 years he still has it.
Unwanted visits have ceased.
I used them in the kitchen to hang utensils.
Love these. Very nice quality. They work quite a good distance from my phone. Easy pause ability by pushing large button on right ear. These are by far the most comfortable and practical headphones I have ever owned. I like it so much I bought a second set for my wife. Thank you
Nice sturdy flashcard box. We are using this to hold vocabulary flashcards. I like it so much I bought a couple more. I like it much better than the boxes I was able to find in local stores.
Just got my Habit Roadmap and I'm so excited to use it. Have something visual I can look at every day that will hold me accountable is just what I need!
Super easy to use! I prefer the larger size, I don't lose it around the house. Every few days I enter my finances and it's just a relief to have and use a register
This was perfect for my small home business... it works great... it is easy to set up and charge... it is easy to use and my kids love using it to help me..
Great quality cardstock paper. I love that they come in box to keep organized so I only need to go one place. What's even better is there aren't any duplicates and there's an assortment for men, women or children. Great buy!
Great quality inserts for an A5 travelers notebook. I have used my fountain pens and markers with no bleed through. Very highly recommend it for those who have a wide or an A5 travelers notebook.
Got it as a gift for my mom and she loved it!
tape gun as expected.
These are my all time favorite pen. I am a teacher and they can be used on overheads, to grade papers, and to take notes. They write so smoothly!
I sell clothing online from home, and these work perfectly for shipping orders. The self seal is strong and I have had no complaints of damage or ripping. And the print is so cute, my customer reviews have gone way up since deciding to use these!
CanNot beat the price and works perfectly.
It was sturdy and just the right size to put in a purse pocket. And I bought one for my husband, too!
Super, fast, lighting speed outstanding customer professional service
Love these things, keep a bundle of them everywhere I work, constantly finding uses for them.
However, I would not recommend as a "gift" despite what Amazon suggests
Seriously the best planner! Perfect amount of space for everything! Have looked for an item like this for years! Thank you!!
These appear to be excellent erasers. Unfortunately the were the wrong size for my needs. I did a better job of research and ordered a couple days later and got what I needed.
Quality was what I expected. Chair moves easily over mat surface. Good buy.
These envelopes were perfect. They were exactly what I expected them to be. No surprises. 10/10 would buy again if I had more cards this size.
These are nice and serves the purpose of organizing my DVD's. The only thing is, you might scratch wooden surfaces if you are not careful.
This is a large pad and is very colorful . Makes my desk really pop . Love it .....
It is an amazing printer. The case is also a must have. I am very pleased with this purchase.
A metal made mechanical pencil would be more drop proof to the kids. Especially refills are well used recycling.Light and simple to use.
So far so good, these are fine enough for what I need (writing on labels for my pantry). They are more vibrant than some others I have tried, tho I've only used them for about a week so not sure if they'll fade (I'm hopeful they won't!). I received great communications from the seller both before and after, including tips on how to use them.
The images are pristine and they feel sturdy.
EXCELLENT MERCHANT ! SELLING EXCELLENT PRODUCTS !!
The lanyard and badge pack of 6 were exactly what i was looking for and the right price. Decent quality.
Fast delivery, great, sturdy and safe to use. Wonderful utility knife.
Battery life hard to determine as the last one lasted over 5 years.
I've purchased a few of these to ship laptops and they work very well. I've used it for anything from a 13 inch computer to 15.6 inch. Very protective and very versatile, definitely worth the money to protect a laptop for shipping.
It works well for the price paid. It's a little tricky to figure out the correct amount of coins in the tube. We just pulled out a kitchen scale, counted out the correct amount of each coin for the wrapper, then weighed it to create a baseline for each type of coin. Fromt here it was pretty simple to check the weight of each coin wrapper and add or subtract a coin to match the baseline weight. Filling the hopper up about halfway seemed to eliminate the jamming problem.
Perfect size ! Stays on the refrigerator without issue. Absolutely love it.
Years ago I'd bought a modern aluminum PC stand for my MacBook Air but the darn thing wouldn't keep the base from slipping out. I finally decided to fix the problem and purchased this item. It works great. Granted it's role is pretty boring as it's always up and seldom move. That said, it works great. I'm very pleased.
Item arrived on time as ordered great product and good price.
These are just too cute!! We're buying an RV and just had to have them!
Perfect! The ability to adjust the width made this product look like it was custom made to fit my collectibles! I've gotten several compliments at work already for how great the shelves look! (I bought 2!)
I always thought about painting the wall with chalkboard paint but love this easier option. It was easy to apply and my kids love writing with the chalk that it came back.
These envelopes are just fine. They are not self-stick. Flap requires moisture but seals w/o problems. The size (6 x 9) does not require extra postage (I posted envelope with card at USPS). The envelopes are durable —
I,ve used Franklin Covey Planners for over 20 years. I have found them extremely helpful in tracking my work-I,m an attorney. While other attorneys use their phone or an I-Pad as a Calendar I can look up my cases and dates much faster.
Did my research on Consumer Reports and this was listed as one of the top small laser printers. I followed the directions, downloaded the full software pack from the website, and had it up and running with a networked wireless connection in less than 20 minutes which included the time to take it out of the box. I had read that others had issues with sleep mode, but I have not experienced this issue. It does pull a bit of power so make sure you have it on a electrical circuit that is not heavily loaded. (Lights flicker in the room). It prints significantly faster, quieter and with much higher text quality than my ink-jet printer.
Great! Just as advertised
Love this planner! The pages are a perfect thickness and it's undated so I could start anytime! The red color is gorgeous and I love that it's hardcover. The size is also perfect in my opinion.
Extremely clear quality, solid weight and sleek surface ( caution easily slips out the hand). Perfect for interviews and schooling. It charges quickly and holds music..
Beautiful stationery! Got it so my granddaughter and I can write letters to each other. It's perfect!
Company reached out to me to fix an issue was very happy
These binder clips are the smallest available. They are tiny. Perfect for holding 5 to 6 sheets of paper together. I much prefer these to paperclips.
Fast shipping, exactly as described
Love this planner, it has plenty of space to expand on ideas and plans for each day. Is very goal focused and gets you to write your goals and accomplishments down frequently so you are always motivated.
I love the clip! The design is pretty too!
This is an amazing deal! Totally worth the price as there was a lot of cartridges for the money ! So glad I purchased This!
This product worked very well as an alternative to the standard toner from HP which cost a fortune ! I was very impressed.
Love these! The colors are vibrant and they are a great size.
It fits to my calculator,cables and other accessories well.It is protective and important to my calculator.
I got this for a few bridal showers and weddings that I'm a part of. They are perfect for cute little sayings and come with three bags full of letters and pictures/emojis. I like how it has an easel or simple shelf board to display. I wish the actual little letters were a little more sturdy (they only have a very small tab to keep them in) but there are so many that I'm not worried if some break. So far none have. When I'm done with the weddings, I plan to have my kids use it for spelling or just for fun. The little pictures are adorable!
Bought it to use with a HP 11.5 inch laptop. Works great, can adjust the angle as needed and it allows plenty of air in to keep it cool.
I am very satisfied with my ink refills that works just the same as any name brand ink cartridge. Thank you keep up the good work.
These are great. I ordered standard chalk and it fits. Keeps you from constantly having to clean chalk off your hands. The chalk stays in the tube quite snuggly.
Love these alcohol markers. They blend well and are just as good as the expensive ones.
Great pen set. I love the colors and the writing is very smooth. A few of the pens I received were broken upon receipt. They still were able to write but I think better packaging or a better shipping container would remedy that.
I really like these. I recently started painting again but, it is hard for me to paint my name on the canvas with a regular paint brush. So I bought these pens and they work perfectly.
These were for myself and gifts since there are 60 of them. They are adorable and the company even included an elephant in a plastic bag as well as a card to show other types.
Love the pictures! Beautiful and very good quality.
I've already gone back and bought more of these! Love them!
Excellent quality and price!
Looks exactly as pictured
I loved this!! Been wanting one forever. Perfect for garage sale items
I dropped my pen and destroyed the original cartridge. Although it's disconcerting that one fall will turn it into trash, the smoothness of the ink had me purchasing a refill. I've purchased this pen for friends and family and they all love it. Thank you for providing the refills on Amazon.
Cute, small, saves money on postage. Good for sending just about anything - gifts, merch, old video games, etc!
Can't believe how much I love this. And so inexpensive! Everyone compliments me on it. :)
High quality... very helpful
These notebooks are light and such a great size for capturing and carrying work or school notes. These go with me everywhere. The pages each have date sections and with the top line as a title, it's easy to look back and find exactly the pages of notes that are needed. I've been using these for years and haven't found anything better yet. I can't stress the lightweight component enough - as a commuter, I don't enjoy carrying a heavy bag. With these, I never have to worry. I can easily slip one into my laptop case, purse or briefcase and go. I only wish they came in different colors.